##Four days to complete global procurement arrived in Wuhan, Shanghai private enterprise war stories

Weixin caijingEleven

The function introduction by "CAIJING" Magazine Company Industry Report team to create, discuss the success or failure of the enterprise, explore the rise and fall of the industry, promote sunshine business

Early Start, early co-ordination, you can save a lot of time, time is life

By Wen Hu

After the outbreak of the epidemic, domestic medical resources were in short supply, and there was a huge gap in key materials such as protective clothing and face masks. Many enterprises, ngos and individuals began to make global purchases and donations at the first time, but encountered many difficulties.

A litany of questions looms: Where Will the money come from? What kind of supplies are up to standard? Where to buy, how to pay, how to clear customs, how to arrange logistics, how to walk the "last kilometer" to the hospital. Each link is complicated and full of trials.

The vast majority of donors have no experience in this area, but aid must be learned and acted upon without delay. There have been a number of touching cases, including one in which a large private company based in Shanghai has done well.

From January 25 to January 30, the company purchased more than 330,000 medical masks and more than 270,000 protective clothing from all over the world, and independently funded or raised funds to transport the materials to the epidemic area, which was at the peak of the shortage of medical supplies in Wuhan. As of midnight on February 9, the company had purchased 800,000 masks and 420,000 protective clothing in nearly 20 countries, totaling 1.22 million pieces of medical supplies, all of which have successfully arrived at the front line of Epidemic Prevention and control.

Recently, the author conducted an exclusive interview with more than 10 parties from the pharmaceutical, medical equipment, director's office, strategy, public affairs, Foreign Affairs, finance, administration and other departments of this enterprise, they in the procurement, payment, logistics clearance, coordination and certification and other aspects of the overall arrangement, the role of the efficient completion of the international rescue.

For the sake of narrative convenience, we take the English acronym of "Shanghai Private Enterprise" and call it SHPC.

Weekend shopping in Germany wakes up dormant logistics

On New Year's Eve, January 24,2020, SHPC urgently set up a global medical allocation working group and used its global business network, prepare to cover Japan, India, the United Kingdom, Germany, Spain, Portugal and nearly 20 countries procurement network.

SHPC in January 22,23 perceived serious problems, 23 at 1:00 am, the company leadership decided to hold the day at noon outbreak and impact prediction meeting, participants from around the world. Immediately afterwards, all directors convened a real-time outbreak reporting and Response Strategy Meeting.

At this time, the national epidemic has begun to report the number of infected people in real time, many private channels also began to warn of the severity of the epidemic.

January 24, New Year's Eve, SHPC held in all regions of the world emergency materials collection and procurement working meeting, the same night, the start of global materials procurement.

At this time, all the participants felt a great deal of confusion. Some people were holding product catalogues on their mobile phones, some people asked their friends in related industries, and some made a breakthrough by asking about the medical enterprises they had invested in, and call the drug distributor.

The German task force was the most efficient, finding the supplier ASATEX and securing 50,000 type5 + 6 suits, 14 tons of cargo, 1,000 boxes. This is a very big breakthrough, the volume of goods is very big afraid of others rob, so directly placed an order, not to go through the installment payment process, direct payment.

Because the goods were spread over several locations in Germany, the German team requested the supplier to immediately assemble the goods in full at the manufacturer's designated warehouse.

But it was Saturday, and German trucks were off the road for the weekend, and truckers were at home resting.

The German team had to coordinate with the logistics company, find a freight forwarder, promise them to pay overtime, then work around the clock to submit a green application to the German government transport department, and finally, the Freight Forwarding Company reluctantly agreed to transport the goods from the warehouse to the airport, hurried, took four hours to reach the airport customs clearance, but entered the customs only to find that the German customs clearance window closed over the weekend.

The group members sought ways to communicate through the domestic and foreign diplomatic systems, coordinate the Chinese Embassy in Germany to send notes, issue green customs clearance letters, allow customs to open separate windows on weekends, and give fast clearance to donated materials, he even had the head of the Pudong Customs Office call the Frankfurt Customs Office directly, by all means.

One of the team members had been sitting in the German Customs Watch... after domestic communication, finally smooth customs clearance.

The next challenge was finding stevedores who did not work on weekends. The group communicated with the Customs Authorities in Frankfurt to get permission from the local government to allow German workers to work, and finally loaded the supplies onto the plane.

Among the stevedores was a young German with a Chinese character for "tiger" on his face. His mother was Chinese, and he worked extra hard and helped coordinate the stevedores.

Then there was another problem: according to domestic requirements, the goods had to be packed on Chinese pallets. As a result, 14 tons of goods had to be unpacked and repacked again, from 2 p.m. to 9 p.m. on January 25, and missed the Lufthansa freighter at noon on January 26th.

The German team told its Shanghai headquarters that it could only fly on Monday at the earliest, only to be overruled by the leadership. The demand from the chairman and CEO  of the SHPC to the Germans was: "even if it comes in a private jet! "

But I can't find any private planes.

During this period, SHPC made a lot of efforts, including China Eastern Airlines, China Southern Airlines and Air China all contacted. Originally, Air China had a flight that could fly on the night of January 26, but it had no space, the cargo was full, and multiple communications were also impossible, lufthansa's first cargo flight (flight LH8404) , scheduled for January 27, will depart from Frankfurt Airport at 8 a.m.

Customs clearance in Pudong is incredibly fast

At 1:45 a.m. on January 28, the plane landed in Shanghai Pudong International Airport and unloaded 50,000 sets of GB19082-2009 protective clothing.

You don't use Hazmat suits very often. What's 50,000? Each dealer's stock in European countries is between 300 and 400 sets.

Customs clearance is easy to say, but many individual donors this time the biggest headache is that the goods simply can not come in.

If you donate overseas through official channels, you need a certificate from the recipient. The consignee of the waybill needs to be an organization such as the Red Cross or the General Charitable Society. If you import the goods through ordinary trade, you are buying them back, and you need to clear customs properly, there are also taxes to pay, so many masks from Singapore and the United States will not be able to get in outside customs until January 30.

If the effective proof of medical supplies is not complete, then not only can not enter, entered the hospital also did not dare to receive, many individual donors do not know the situation, and finally burned.

SHPC purchased this batch of protective clothing from Germany is European standard, has not registered in China, in order to fast customs clearance, SHPC contact Shanghai commercial committee in advance, send a letter to help this batch of goods fast customs clearance.

The Shanghai Customs directly adopts the "two-step declaration + Early Declaration" mode (meaning that after obtaining the manifest information, the enterprise makes a "summary Declaration" to the customs and the cargo can be released after the plane lands) , complete all customs clearance procedures within 15 minutes of arrival.

In order to improve efficiency, the test center leadership and staff with 6 sets back to test, the first release of the goods SHPC. Normally, the customs inspection alone would take a week. But all parties know that this is a life-saving, death race, and that everything must be done as soon as possible.

Before the plane landed, SHPC also contacted the airport ground command center in advance, because after medical supplies arrived at Pudong Airport, the command center was responsible for unloading the supplies from the plane and transporting them to a designated area for further turnaround.

January 28 at 3:20 am, customs clearance began, 15 minutes to complete the formalities, began unloading cargo operations, transport to the airport warehouse to complete the overall handover.

The whole process is incredibly fast.

When customs clearance, Shanghai leaders arrived, SHPC leaders arrived, customs and testing center people also arrived.

At present, Pudong Airport Customs officers "724" on-call, and set up a green channel, the epidemic prevention and control materials are almost ready to put.

Prior to the arrival of the goods, SHPC had temporarily rented a warehouse on the edge of Shanghai Pudong International Airport, an area of about 3,000 square meters, as the SHPC group's global material distribution operations requisitioning warehouse.

After the rental, overnight, the SHPC staff put the goods finishing, storage, inventory and sorting process out, and then all donated materials from the airport into the warehouse, and then out of distribution.

Plan ahead, save a lot of time, time is life.

The 16-hour highway leads directly to Wuhan

January 28 supplies landed in Shanghai, donated to the Shanghai part, the city leaders at the airport and SHPC completed the handover, straight away. Other supplies began to be sent around the country, with many hospitals in Jiangsu, Zhejiang and Anhui receiving donations, with the ones in Wuhan the hardest to reach.

At that time Wuhan's epidemic situation already was very urgent, many medical personnel are with the virus "hand-to-hand combat" . But with no flights to Wuhan and no high-speed trains, it would take 12 hours to get there on a green-leather train. Finally, SHPC decided to take a truck and drive directly from Shanghai at a high speed.

SHPC moved a van from the inside, and the administration began to recruit volunteers, and soon two drivers volunteered. At 9:00 a.m. on January 28, the truck loaded from the airport warehouse and set off. Two drivers took turns to drive the truck. Two SHPC colleagues escorted the truck. Because the entire road in Wuhan had been under control, the truck could not stop for more than 10 hours.

At that time, SHPC also had a van carrying masks from Shenzhen Hang Seng Hospital to Wuhan. The two cars met at a service area near Wuhan and then entered Wuhan together. SHPC has a pre-approved route. It's in and out.

After a 16-hour drive, the goods arrived in Wuhan at 1 a.m. on January 29, and the goods were taken directly to the Wuhan Jihe hospital before 2 a.m. other goods were donated to the Caidian District health bureau, and entrusts the Wuhan University to donate to 2 counties in Hubei and 6 districts in Wuhan.

After completing the task, the two drivers drove back overnight. After leaving Hubei, they found a place on the road. They didn't dare to get out of the car, so they took a rest in the car. The next day, they returned to Shanghai and were immediately isolated.

It took only four days and two hours from the start of global sourcing from SHPC to the first protective clothing shipments to the affected areas.

This is only the first battle, and international support for the SHPC has continued in recent days.

At 2020 hours on 28 January, 100,000 HONEYVILLE N95 masks, purchased from India, also arrived at the Shanghai Pudong International Airport. At 16:40 p.m. on Feb. 1, the Y87405 cargo plane carrying 135,200 protective suits from the United Kingdom arrived at the Chongqing Jiangbei International Airport. The suits will be shipped to areas with severe epidemics such as Wuhan.

In addition, more than 10,000 masks from Portugal and more than 1,900 protective clothing from Japan, more than 900 masks and other supplies have also arrived in Shanghai through "Human Flesh" consignments and shoulder-and-back handbags, and are being transferred to the affected areas..

On January 29, the chairman of the Board of SHPC wrote on Wechat Group, "disasters are merciless and people love each other. When it comes to taking responsibility, we will overcome difficulties together. " He called on everyone to join forces, and soon enterprises within the group responded, carrying their love in batches of materials, continue to arrive at the "anti-epidemic" front.

The power of the people

In the interview process, some people said to the author, "received the task when a mess, do not know where to start, only to see a variety of information in countless groups fly" ; "while looking at the increasing number of infected people every day, I don't know what kind of masks are suitable, what standards the materials meet, how the logistics and distribution should go... . I have never done it. I am really worried. " "At that time two eyes a black, New Year's Eve everywhere to beg others" , "in the sound of firecrackers made numerous calls, looking for a variety of ways.

Someone has built countless groups, made countless phone calls, wearing safety clothing in the warehouse to see goods, goods row, row flights, from the beginning of the beginning of non-sleep, working 20 hours a day.

Some people were so nervous that they could not eat for days on end, because different countries and regions had different standards, names and languages for medical supplies, and they were afraid that the quantity, the state of supplies and the customs of logistics would be wrong, and they would not be able to reach the country or go to the front, to be a sinner.

As the rescue went on, someone went from being a complete layman, to a proficient reader of waybills, packing lists, commercial invoices, and even learned to make their own packing lists, read the Hwab, and track flight information..

But they all stressed to the author, in the global allocation of medical supplies, by the National Customs, the diplomatic system, the national ministries and departments as well as the Shanghai Care and help; It is supported by the major airlines, logistics companies and friendly enterprises. At the same time, many people have contacted the SHPC, hoping to provide material financing, freight storage, medical care and so on for the prevention and treatment of the epidemic.

This is the power of the people, the power of society.

The writer is a media professional, editor: Mark

Editor in chief | Duanhuang@caijing. COM.CN

Go to "discover"-"take a look" browse "friends watching"

Sent

####Send it to take a look

Sending

A scan of wechat
Pay attention to the account


-------------
title: Four days to complete global procurement arrived in Wuhan, Shanghai private enterprise war stories
source: cai-jing-za-zhi-/-cai-jing-shi-yi-ren
authors: _
editors: _
proofreader: _
photographer: _
translator: _
via: https://github.com/2019ncovmemory/nCovMemory
link: https://mp.weixin.qq.com/s/Qp-ARW1aY0zzmOSG9kD6KA
archive: http://archive.today/twdsT
snapshot: https://github.com/2019ncovmemory/nCovMemory/blob/master/archive/jpg/1194.jpg
lead: Early Start, early co-ordination, you can save a lot of time, time is life
cover: data:image/jpeg;base64,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
