##Progress February 9th

On wechat, drownyoursorrow

Functional introduction, only for the record and reference, not universal personal records.

Today, the community again confirmed that the report has been expedited. We have also sent the admission application template found yesterday to the community and the street. They said that if there are these online volunteer channels to help find beds, they can let the hospital connect with them, to admit grandma and GRANDPA, that's a little more hope.

We decided to wait for progress on two lines, one for the community to report and then wait in line for a bed, and the other for the help lines. Today, grandma has fainted again, two people's physical condition is still very bad.

Yesterday, the Thor Mountain was opened, and the Tongji Valley of light was opened immediately. We know that medical resources are already very tight, and we believe there is hope that we can get a bed, otherwise we would not try all kinds of ways to fight for it. Hopefully they will be admitted in time, and we've decided that if their symptoms get worse while we're waiting, they'll have to be taken to an emergency fever clinic by their quarantined family members.

Health Care in the sun-drenched Pacific isolation point has always been something of a puzzle to me. Fainting is not managed, the person in charge can not effectively communicate with the medical staff sent here, then this period of treatment must be stopped?

Changfeng on this side of the issue of the community, is the truth, not only my home personally experienced, on the Internet can also be searched by the community delay process. I have students who work on other streets, and I have students who work on the front lines of hospitals, and I know how they work from the beginning of the epidemic, and I understand how difficult it is for them. But the real problems in my own community, I think I can not say, I can not delay the admission of more than one patient family, just ask a process guide can not ask out, the community certainly has a responsibility.

Many of my friends have tweeted to me a patient's family member who was successfully admitted to the hospital, showing me his process guide. I mean, there are neighborhoods that are that smooth, that follow the program, that don't get stuck. But Wuhan Each district, each community to take the smooth degree of the process is not the same.

Outlined the quarantine yesterday, and the man in charge was surprisingly forthcoming. I don't think that's what I'm saying, but I think once you're in the zone, you have to start rushing the community into the hospital process, because the zone isn't for the patient, but it's more risky at home. Some of the isolation points have better conditions, families do not worry about living in them, such as the isolation points on a sunny day in the Pacific, uh, today there is still no temperature measurement, there is no assessment of the symptoms of the isolation point patients, the person in charge can not manage, no matter what the community, what can be done? All I can say is, it's a very dangerous trip to the Pacific Sunshine Exclusion Zone.

When I decided to post a request for help, I knew that there would be a lot of information coming in and a lot of duplicate information. What I don't understand is the light-hearted statement, "this is useless. You can not find any connections. You can rely on yourself. " I also see that some patients' families have suggested that you take the patients to the hospital for injections every day and ask about the beds on the spot, this will ensure treatment after diagnosis, but also have access to hospital, do not worry at home, to rely on their own.

I don't know how far I have to go on my own? The online help desk, which I had basically filled out before posting, would eventually fall back on community docking if they found a bed. Medical resources are too tight, communities and streets are unable to feedback the status of the queue, the truth is that those channels are also trying to see if there is a little bit more possibility.

While going through the process, while trying to find a way to ask for help, or will encounter all kinds of strange difficulties. The volunteers were also stunned to hear about problems encountered in the normal reporting process, or could only be urged. At first I thought maybe we hadn't found the right way, but every day there would be more confused families in the conversation and group chat than we were, and not everyone would have the good fortune. Today, we learned that the results of nucleic acid testing at a hospital in another district were also notified by phone. Friends in that district asked the community. The Community said it knew about the situation, but they still needed written results to report the information. They were very helpless, do Not know what to do next work, do not know why suddenly become so informed (the attitude is better than Long Feng, the message is clear) .

Fortunately, we are successful in the report, and then wait for it, tomorrow to continue to call to ask about the report line, hope there is good news.

Go to "discover"-"take a look" browse "friends watching"

Sent

####Send it to take a look

Sending

A scan of wechat
Pay attention to the account


-------------
title: Progress February 9th
source: Plastic airship
authors: _
editors: _
proofreader: _
photographer: _
translator: _
via: https://github.com/2019ncovmemory/nCovMemory
link: https://mp.weixin.qq.com/s/TYP6DyIzsz3KaqIqTJOjbg
archive: http://archive.ph/P1uYF
snapshot: https://github.com/2019ncovmemory/nCovMemory/blob/master/archive/jpg/1391.jpg
lead: The neighborhood's been notified. I'm hoping for some good news.
cover: data:image/jpeg;base64,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
