##Securities War "EPIDEMIC" : Office streamlining, online business explosion

I-CAIJING

CAIJING magazine official Wechat. "CAIJING" magazine, sponsored by the China Securities Market Research Center, was first published in 1998, adhering to the news concept of "independence, exclusiveness and originality" , and is known for authoritative, impartial and professional reporting, it is a must-read publication for policy-makers, researchers and managers in the field of politics and economics.

_
Under the influence of the epidemic, the business department of the brokerage almost suspended all on-site transactions and on-site operations. Despite the restrictions on on-site business, the online business has exploded
_

_

Under the influence of the epidemic, the business department of the brokerage almost suspended all on-site transactions and on-site operations. Despite the restrictions on on-site business, the online business has exploded

By Wayne Wang, CAIJING correspondent

Editor | Ling Lu

A shares opened the first week, in the impact of the epidemic, the brokerage firms have carried out the most streamlined office.

"We have one or two people on rotation in our department, and all the rest of the staff work from home, " said a shanghai-based broker. According to the reporter's understanding, almost all brokers in the necessary staff must go to the company office, most of the rest of the staff are kept at Home Office.

But that is about to end. On February 10, Guangfa securities required all employees to report for work; on February 14, founder securities will also report for work.

Despite the special circumstances of the epidemic, but the brokerage business brokers have not been greatly affected. In the field of business under the restrictions, the online business ushered in a big explosion.

On average, 65% to 70% of online business is online, but last week it was more than 90% , according to Guotai Junan Securities. Online trading accounts for 99% of customers and more than 97% of transactions. The total number of calls from Guotai Junan Securities on its first day of operation increased by 2.8 times, and the online human service volume was 3.5 times, with about 48,000 service customers and more than 70,000 responses to customer questions.

With the outbreak of the epidemic, brokers are pushing online business. "In the brokerage business, the counter business has been affected, but overall it has not been affected too much, " a guangzhou-based head of business told CAIJING. In addition to brokerage business, investment banking business, research and sales business is also basically online-based.

In fact, after the outbreak of the epidemic, securities firms not only effectively enhance the capacity of investors in securities services, but also through donations, donations to support epidemic areas. As a financial institution, securities firms also play an active role in providing financing support. For example, the Yangtze River Securities, industrial securities, Guohai Securities and other issues of war "epidemic" special debt, to help prevent and control the epidemic. In addition, the sovereign asset management, Guangfa asset management, Xingzheng asset management also through the subscription of its products to boost market confidence.

Keep your office to a minimum

After a delay in the opening, February 3, China's a-shares officially opened, the brokerage firms also officially rework. However, due to the impact of the epidemic, the brokerage basically maintained the best state of streamlining, to take the rotation system, non-essential personnel working from home.

"from February 3 to 7, except for some employees who had to return to their offices, the other employees worked from home in principle, " said a person involved with Guangfa securities. Founder of securities also told the "financial" reporter, February 3, in addition to work needs to be on-site office, the use of flexible office mode normal work. Headquarters departments with on-site office staff should develop a rotational program, with two groups of staff working alternately on-site.

"starting February 9, the company began to implement on-site and off-site and other differentiated office methods and rotation, attendance. For positions that have to be worked on the spot, the position staff will set up AB posts to ensure the continuity of work,"the relevant person of Guojin securities told Caijing.

However, in order to ensure that the normal operation of the transaction, investment-related departments, most of the staff has already officially returned to work. "Last week, the departments related to trading, such as IT and liquidation, have already had sufficient staff on-site to ensure the smooth work of the company's system and customers, " said the head of Guojin securities.

Soochow Securities also implemented a mandatory employee backup mechanism to address system changes caused by vacation adjustments, identifying backup and replacement personnel for key positions and jobs that may affect business continuity.

The reporter learned that almost all the brokerage business department office staff in accordance with the principle of minimization, in addition to rotating staff, other staff working at home. For the epidemic area to return workers, brokers require 14 days at Home Office after no abnormal return.

"We've been on the job since the market opened, but we're also mainly on a rotational basis, mainly working from home online. Strictly abide by the relevant epidemic prevention regulations, in the premise of doing epidemic prevention work, arrange business-related work."Guangzhou, a head of the business department told reporters.

The challenge, however, may be that over the next two weeks, some brokerages will have to start all over again. According to Guangfa Securities Notice, February 10, all employees are normal to work. Founder Securities will also be in full rework on February 14. How can large numbers of people go to work to avoid risk when the epidemic has not yet abated?

In response, Guangfa Securities said the company will strengthen the office premises of the health prevention and control, into the company's Office premises and business premises of employees and outsiders are required to wear a mask, after the normal temperature can enter. Requiring all office premises and business premises to increase the frequency of disinfection and to enhance ventilation, and in principle not to hold on-site meetings in office premises and business premises in order to reduce the gathering of people, use of video conferencing, teleconferencing, e-mail and other means of communication to ensure the health and safety of employees as well as investors.

Soochow Securities told the "finance and Economics" reporter, the company emergency procurement mask and asked to wear uniform, strengthen the office and business outlets of health and epidemic prevention protection. All employees are suspended from travelling to Wuhan and surrounding areas.

An explosion of online business

Under the influence of the epidemic, the business department of the brokerage almost suspended all on-site trading and on-site operations. "In the area of wealth management, product sales are not ideal and are not easy to drive. In particular, sales of private equity products are basically stagnant, " a shanghai-based asset manager told reporters, the main reason is that on-site operations are limited.

"For the first time to open gem, margin trading, bulk trading rights must be handled, to be double-recorded to fully alert customers to the risks. But now lincounter business is very limited, " said the person.

"On the whole, the brokerage business has not been affected much because a lot of business can be done online, but there are some businesses that need to be done over the counter. Through this special situation, I hope that more business can be opened up online and handled directly online in the future,"said the head of a business department in Guangzhou.

In fact, in addition to some counter business affected, the epidemic did not have a greater impact on the brokerage business. Guotai Junan people told reporters that the company's business is stable and orderly, business volume and generally flat. But the proportion of online business has risen sharply.

On average, 65% to 70% of online business is online, but last week it was more than 90% , according to Guotai Junan Securities. Online trading accounts for 99% of customers and more than 97% of transactions. Since the market opened, Guotai Junan Securities has received about 200,000 online visitors a day. "On the first day of the market opening, the net gold department operation reached its peak, but it resumed the next day, " a major brokerage in Shanghai told reporters.

In the midst of the epidemic, brokerages are moving online across the board. Due to the previous investment in financial technology, the majority of individual business can be handled online.

Reporters learned that a number of securities firms have suspended on-site trading and business services. For example, since February 3, all branches of Guojin securities temporarily do not provide on-site trading and on-site business services. All customer transactions can be carried out through commission Bao APP, on-line trading clients and other non-cash means. Dozens of securities firms, including Guotai Junan Securities, Everbright Securities and Haitong Securities, have issued off site business guidelines.

Brokerages are also starting to compete for online business services. Many securities firms improve their services by improving their trading experience, enriching the types of online services and widening the online drainage.

Guotai Junan Securities launched the "three-terminal-one-micro" platform can achieve a full range of online transactions and online accounts, various business access to open more than 40 online business processing. Industrial Securities Online Business Hall "UNIPRO" listed 50 mainstream business scenarios of the online business; Haitong securities said its e-haitong finance APP to support regulatory permission for all online business; In addition to on-line services through the APP and CRM system, CITIC CAPITAL also provides 5,000 professional consultants with 7x24 hours of "excellent" on-line consulting, artificial expert consulting and intelligent consulting services.

In fact, in the view of the industry, the crisis can even further promote the wealth management brokerage transformation.

"first of all, this epidemic has further promoted off-site trading and business management, which objectively further weakens the operational functions of securities business departments for traditional entity business departments. Second, the emergence of this epidemic has further promoted customer recognition of off-site trading and services. Finally, through this epidemic, the 'online guest' approach will be further strengthened, " said Huang Hua, a former securities industry veteran, more and more securities practitioners use various Internet tools to communicate with clients, online customer acquisition is further strengthened, and the traditional entity securities business department's customer acquisition capacity is further replaced.

This reporter learned that in addition to brokerage business, investment banking business, sales and trading business also almost all online. The Guotai Junan Securities launched the dual work mode of "on-site rotation + online office" , and semi-isolated the distribution center to ensure the smooth launch of the project.

In the institute, the various securities firms have also cancelled various on-site roadshows and field research activities, such as direct face-to-face communication activities, to take a differentiated online office model. Founder Securities said that the current Founder Securities Research Institute all telecommuting, research services fully online.

MULTI-MEASURES TO FIGHT "epidemic disease"

As a financial institution, after the outbreak of the epidemic, securities companies are also actively fulfilling their social responsibilities and providing support through a variety of channels.

According to the statistics released by the CSRC, as at 12:00 on February 5,2020, a total of 78 securities companies (including subsidiaries, shareholder units, etc.) had donated funds and goods exceeding 477 million yuan. The statistics added 14 new member units donated funds or materials over 47 million yuan.

In addition to actively fulfilling its social responsibility to participate in charitable donations to epidemic areas, the securities industry, in accordance with the requirements of the relevant circular of the CSRC, gives full play to its professional advantages in service financing, properly maintains the safety of system operation, and strives to enhance investor services, positive action to boost market confidence, multi-measures.

On Feb. 1, the People's Bank of China, the Securities Regulatory Commission and other five ministries jointly issued a notice on further strengthening financial support for the prevention and control of pneumonia in the COVID-19 and issued 30 measures to strengthen financial support for the prevention and control of the epidemic. The CSRC's Bond Department recently issued a notice to extend the time limit for the approval of corporate bonds to support the prevention and control of the COVID-19 pneumonia epidemic. The Shanghai and Shenzhen Stock Exchanges have also opened a "Green Channel" , we will actively promote the issuance of bonds by enterprises with epidemic-related financing needs in key industries such as Hubei Province and medical care, or enterprises with approved quotas to be issued.

On February 3, the 1 billion yuan debt financing plan of Hubei United Development Investment Group Co. , Ltd. , which is led by Minsheng Bank and Changjiang Securities, was approved for the record. The funds raised will be given priority to the prevention and control of the epidemic. On Feb. 4, Wuhan Chidu Sishui co-management Project Management Co. , Ltd. , with Changjiang Securities as the lead underwriter, received 1 billion yuan in green project revenue corporate bonds, the first innovative variety corporate bonds to be approved in Hubei Province since the outbreak of the epidemic.

In addition, Societe Generale Securities and Guohai securities have also been underwriting the issue of war "epidemic" special bonds. On February 6, socgen securities underwrote and issued 80 million yuan of China Development Bank's 2020 war "epidemic disease" special bonds, the funds raised are mainly used to finance loans for the production, operation and supply guarantee of important medical and living materials related to epidemic prevention and control; on February 7, Guohai securities acted as the lead underwriter, guangxi Construction Engineering Group Co. , Ltd. issued the nation's first 500 million yuan of special company bonds on the Stock Exchange, raising funds will be used for the prevention and control of the epidemic in Guangxi emergency hospitals and materials plant construction.

In the a-share shock, some brokerage institutions through the subscription of their products to boost confidence in the market. As of February 6, four securities companies asset management subsidiaries announced the allocation of their own capital products, a total investment of no less than 470 million yuan.

Among them, Guotai Junan Securities plans to spend 300 million yuan to buy its equity products, and Oriental Securities Investment Management plans to spend 100 million yuan to buy its 10 partial Equity Funds and joint venture management plans, guangfa securities asset management will add 50 million yuan to its hybrid pooled Asset Management Plan, with a total of more than 300 million yuan invested in its pooled asset management plan, which is operated with reference to public funds, societe Generale Securities Asset Management has used its own funds about 20 million yuan to subscribe for its equity products.

The core logic of the A-SHARE rally will not be disturbed by the outbreak in the long term, and the panic-induced fall could present the most important timing opportunity of 2020, the company said.

Read more about the outbreak in pictures

Editor in chief | Duanhuang@caijing. COM.CN
This is an original article from CAIJING magazine, which can not be reproduced or mirrored without authorization. For reprinting, please leave a message at the end of the article to request and obtain authorization.

Editor in chief | Duanhuang@caijing. COM.CN

This is an original article from CAIJING magazine, which can not be reproduced or mirrored without authorization. For reprinting, please leave a message at the end of the article to request and obtain authorization.

Go to "discover"-"take a look" browse "friends watching"

Sent

####Send it to take a look

Sending

A scan of wechat
Pay attention to the account


-------------
title: Securities War "EPIDEMIC" : Office streamlining, online business explosion
source: cai-jing-za-zhi-/-cai-jing-shi-yi-ren
authors: _
editors: _
proofreader: _
photographer: _
translator: _
via: https://github.com/2019ncovmemory/nCovMemory
link: https://mp.weixin.qq.com/s/SM3fIoWGauWCwH8GuorHkw
archive: http://archive.today/ntj75
snapshot: https://github.com/2019ncovmemory/nCovMemory/blob/master/archive/jpg/732.jpg
lead: Under the influence of the epidemic, the business department of the brokerage almost suspended all on-site transactions and on-site operations. Despite the restrictions on on-site business, the online business has exploded
cover: data:image/jpeg;base64,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
