##Offline Education Press "pause" button

Micro-signal, Rancaijing

A feature presentation, a daily in depth report, redefines the innovation economy.

The "guide to the war and epidemic of innovative economy" is a special column launched by Finance and Economics during the epidemic of new type of pneumonia. It focuses on the new problems encountered by enterprises of Innovative Economy and discusses the new countermeasures that should be taken, hope to help small and medium-sized enterprises together to overcome challenges and seize opportunities. This is the fourth issue. Read the first 3 please Click "which industries are bucking the trend? " "SME survival guide" "almost fell fresh e-commerce stand up" .

By Yana Meng

Editor | Ling Yuanchuan

The sudden onset of COVID-19 pneumonia has turned traditional offline education into a disaster area.

After the outbreak, a large number of offline education and training institutions were forced to suspend classes. Even the education industry's leading companies good future and the New Oriental, this time has also been hit. On January 20, Wuhan Xueersi and Wuhan New Oriental issued a notice of class suspension. The two education giants, both of which have been tested by the SARS epidemic, responded quickly to the outbreak by suspending classes and coordinating transfers.

Yu Minhong, chairman of New Oriental, wrote recently in a public statement that the epidemic has also posed a severe test for New Oriental, which has suspended classes across the board. One million students in the winter break class face a situation of being unable to attend classes. If New Oriental were to suspend all tuition and refunds, it would have to close its doors and the livelihoods of its eighty thousand teachers and staff would immediately become a problem.

"The best way to deal with the epidemic is to bring the classroom online, " Yu Minhong said, noting that New Oriental's online system was not ready and most teachers had no online experience, whether parents are willing to accept online classes is an open question. But in any case, it is better to change than to sit back and wait, or else the new east, nearly three decades old, will collapse.

A crisis is often accompanied by an opportunity. Looking back at the SARS epidemic in 2003, it almost brought down new oriental, but it also made for a better future. During the SARS epidemic, traditional offline training was called off and online schools sprang up. New Oriental, a traditional education and training institution, had trouble cutting classes and repaying fees, and Yu Minhong borrowed to tide over the crisis. At that time, Zhang Bangxin, riding the net school of the East Wind, and a few good friends founded the Austrian mathematical network, that is, the predecessor of the school of learning and thinking, the success of the students below the line to the line.

Under the epidemic, large institutions with enough guns and ammunition, can survive a disaster, but for some traditional to do the line of small and medium-sized educational institutions, it is as if the enemy, can survive the epidemic is a problem. They face challenges from a variety of uncertain factors, military morale is difficult, difficult to get customers, refund risk, high rents and wage costs..

We can't make ends meet. We're out of business

"every year in February, there is an outbreak period. In the past two weeks after the Spring Festival, we were able to do the usual one-month running water, but we didn't expect to be affected by the epidemic, and we were unable to open for business until the end of February, " Lina, the head of an offline dance training organization, told Rencai, her four offline stores in Beijing have been unable to open due to the outbreak and are under financial pressure of nearly 200,000 yuan a month, a devastating blow to her.

"I don't know when we will start, we may not be able to recover until May. This is the worst Spring Festival I've ever had, and it feels like a year, " Lina said.

The past 2019 has been a difficult year for the education industry, with many institutions in the fields of K12, early childhood education and language training. Once praised as a Unicorn of the online children's thought training organization growth insurance capital chain broken down, a share of the old-line study abroad institutions too silly bankruptcy liquidation, the end of the English spoken English Training Organization Wei Bo English arrears closed.

But did not think of the beginning of 2020, because of the impact of the epidemic, some education and training institutions ushered in a greater business crisis.

Pexels

Lena is not alone. On the evening of February 6, IT Vocational Education Company fraternal education officially declared its brand "bankrupt" , becoming the first offline training institution to be crushed by the cash flow under the impact of the new pneumonia epidemic.

In an open letter, Li Chao, the founder of the band of brothers, said that the band's education had been strained ahead of the festival, with salaries being slow, staff mobilised and costs cut, and that it had been preparing for a turnaround in the recruiting season after the festival, but this outbreak came so fierce, caught off guard, all the plans were disrupted.

Under the epidemic, offline educational institutions can not make ends meet, most enterprises can not survive three months of cash on their books, and most small and medium-sized enterprises can not even survive a month. When the normal operation of institutions, rent, wages, social security how to pay, student retention rate, renewal rate how to protect, everything has become unknown.

Several entrepreneurs in arts, sports training and offline education institutions run by private kindergartens told CNNMONEY that if the epidemic continued for several months, it would be devastating for them.

Also hit by the body training industry, sports training industry, several people said to the financial, offline venues closed, is now forced to close. "It is not realistic for the sports training industry to transfer to another line, so we can only wait for the business to resume, " said Chang Peak, director of a children's basketball training school.

Private kindergartens often take a pre-charging model, short-term suspension of business will not cause too much impact. But the end of the epidemic is unknown, some of the stronger private international kindergartens have also had concerns. "We have a long history of international kindergartens, and we can survive through February, but there are risks if the epidemic front continues to grow, " said Wang Yingyun, chairman of children's story international kindergarten chain.

Some traditional off-line language training agencies are facing challenges, with visa applications for study abroad and the conduct of the IELTS toefl exam affected. "fortunately, we are on a pure line, " Gao Yi, the head of a foreign language training institution, told Caijing. "there is no big difference between us now and in peacetime. Instead, business will be better than before. Maybe there is less communication between employees. "

Hope for the best

Let's hope it's over soon

After the outbreak, some offline training institutions rushed courses online, but the influx of students and teachers in a short period of time, resulting in a number of third-party education platform overload, server nearly collapse.

"This week we basically did what we had to do for the whole year, with many teachers and students rushing to take classes on the platform, resulting in a high loading rate on the platform, " Wang Wei, head of an online education platform, told CAIJING, to keep the platform running, he hastily added some load accelerators and bandwidth. There is a charge for bandwidth, but some of the services it offers to schools and institutions are free. "We didn't actually make money from it, " Wang Wei said.

For offline training businesses such as dance, sports and private kindergartens, it is not realistic to move teaching to the online. For this, the people in charge of the organization can only take some circuitous measures such as live broadcasting, community punching, and providing psychological counseling services.

Recently, on some live broadcast platforms, many famous teachers engaged in art training have started public welfare live broadcast, trying to break through the new export for the under-line art training institutions under the epidemic. There is barely any income from the live streaming platform, but it is also an outlet for a small number of people.

"The ones who do the dance live on the Internet, the ones who do it well are the famous teachers. For a normal organization like ours, it's basically a no-show, so it's purely for the public good. And online courses are hardly profitable, and teachers are reluctant to do them,"Lina said.

During this period, she can only through the membership group, encouraging members to shoot dance video games to send classes, as a way to mobilize enthusiasm. But if business hours are far off, it may not last long. Some sports training institutions have adopted a similar punching mechanism. "For four days in a row, parents and students are not enthusiastic about punching cards, and it is very difficult to mobilize enthusiasm at this time, " Chang Peak said. After the epidemic, there may be a small peak, at present, we can only refuel to get through the epidemic, but when the epidemic will end is not known.

Image / visual China

For the private kindergartens which serve under the heavy line, facing the current situation that they can not open a kindergarten, they can only actively explore the new model of online teaching. Kindergarten is aimed at 3-6-year-old users, how to accompany their children is the core demand of parents. "during this period, we have provided some psychological counseling services to parents and taught them how to take care of their children in combination with an online product similar to the US version of Qiao Hu, " Wang said.

But on the other hand, he is also worried about the development of the epidemic. It is difficult to guarantee that parents will not ask for fee waivers if the normal opening of a kindergarten is delayed and if parents are not provided with the equivalent service during this period.

"training in partial body movements such as music, art, sports and dance is hard to do on a pure line. We have a large number of practical verification, children in the learning process, there are some body movements, must be corrected and demonstrated on the spot. "Said Gong Xusheng, founder of lesi education. Art Training Institutions Online, in fact, is a contingency plan, for the art training industry, offline education is almost difficult to find a complete online alternative.

He reckons that there will be a brief outbreak of offline education after the epidemic is over. At this stage, organizations should first prepare for hibernation, and second, pay more attention to how business recovers after the outbreak ends.

It's hard to keep up

The transition line is fraught with difficulties

Facing the crisis of refund, there are offline business as the main force of children's English training institutions.

"Our flagship offline one-to-one oral English teaching business has been shut down. We can't persuade parents to switch online for the same price. Many of them are asking for refunds. Our small institutions have very small profits and it would be unthinkable if we were to close down. And the foreign teachers in the institution are also very unstable recently, clamoring to return to the country. "somewhere, Liu Wen, the head of K12 English language training, told Caixin.

Some foreign teachers at foreign training institutions are caught in a Stuck in the Middle. If the agency can not guarantee income, then the foreign teachers are difficult to stay or go.

"As an international campus teaching in English, we have more than 80 foreign teachers, and the foreign teachers are really struggling. After the outbreak, some foreign teachers are more emotional, on the one hand, more worried about security issues, but on the other hand, more worried about their employment issues. And even if you go back to your country now, it's not going to be easy to find a job, and you're going to be quarantined back home. "Wang Yingyun said, " fortunately, our institutions are relatively stable in the short term, will not affect the normal income of foreign teachers. "

The unknown "epidemic" when the end of the war, it is not conclusive, but the crisis brought to the enterprise is obvious. "We don't know when the epidemic will be brought under control, " he said. "Rent, the cost of teachers' salaries are all a problem. Most of the offline courses have been called off, the online courses passenger unit price is low, the competition is very big, pure online business is difficult to survive, every day to deal with a variety of refund, let people worry about. "Liu Wen said.

Affected by the outbreak, the Ministry of Education issued a notice on the extension of the 2020 spring semester, while cities and provinces gradually suspended off-campus training during winter vacation. While online education has seen a turnaround, small and medium sized institutions are still having a tough time, with resources flowing towards the head, and some online education waist institutions are experiencing anxiety about getting customers.

"online education is too expensive, and the cost of online customers is the biggest problem for online education. It took us four to five years and ten million per cent to polish the products that appeared online, " Wang told Caijing.

The high cost of online education is the biggest pain point of the industry, while online education institutions are mostly through advertising and sales conversion to complete.

New Oriental online published in 2019 in the middle of the report, although the cost of its customers is lower than the industry level, but the cost of sales rose 25% . And according to goodfuture's Q3 financial report for fiscal year 2020, goodfuture's sales and marketing expenses increased 87.6 percent year on year, mainly due to increased marketing expenses for its online business. Previously in 2019, the good future experts in the conference call, has mentioned good future cost of 1300 yuan, compared to 2018, an increase of 18% .

In addition, as the only company that is making a positive profit, the U.S. listed online education company has learned from others, although in its earnings call for the third quarter of 2019, it disclosed that its cumulative cost of receiving customers in the third quarter of 2019 was only 545 yuan, which is below the industry level, but it's not good either. According to WHO, the calculation is 595 million yuan in sales fees for Non-GAAP divided by the number of people taking the paid courses. The Algorithm is a rough calculation that ignores factors such as the amount of time a company takes to acquire new customers, the actual number of new courses, and all the human and financial resources required to support the acquisition of new customers.

The giants are still fighting for money, and small and medium sized online education institutions are still struggling.

Although online education has become the so-called wind gap industry many times, but also once was not looked upon favorably. Affected by the new pneumonia epidemic, the Ministry of Education called off off-line training institutions, for some have been forced to transfer their business to online traditional off-line teaching institutions, is no doubt worse. But the crisis also comes with opportunities, with the "suspension without suspension" policy out, the head of online education institutions have a smell of "potential traffic" flavor.

The golden age of contrarian expansion

Opportunities for online education

In view of the impact of the epidemic on the normal opening of schools and the teaching of courses, the Ministry of Education has issued relevant guidelines, calling for the adoption of a government-led, university-oriented and social participation approach, jointly implement and ensure the university in the epidemic prevention and control of online teaching, to achieve "class suspension without suspension, class suspension without suspension. ". As of February 2, the Ministry of Education has organized 22 online course platforms with more than 24,000 free and open online courses, covering 12 disciplines for undergraduates and 18 major categories for junior college students.

The capital market was greatly encouraged by the policy. Since the opening of the a-share market, more than 10 stocks of online education stocks, such as 263, Sansheng education, Hejing technology and Shijitianhong, have risen by the daily trading limit for several days. The stock price has continued to rise.

In response to the "No suspension, no suspension" policy, online education institutions have launched free online courses. New Oriental, good future, Netease, who to learn from, 51Talk, Vipkid, and other head of online education institutions have generously donated funds, set up a special fund, to provide free online education courses to primary and secondary school students nationwide, technical output is provided free of charge to some school institutions.

These moves have also boosted capital confidence in the US and Hong Kong stock markets, with recent positive future, New Oriental, who to learn from, Park new education and other stock prices rising to varying degrees.

The epidemic has accelerated the development of online education. Under the guidance of the policy of "No class, no school" , online education has gradually penetrated into more parents and students.

According to industry insiders, the concept of online education has sunk under the influence of the free open platform offered to primary and secondary school students across the country, and parents and students can only learn through online forms. For online education has a certain impetus, online education ushered in the rise and curve overtaking the historical moment.

Zhang Lijun, a partner at innovation works, said that the outbreak will accelerate users'awareness of online education, and the penetration rate of online education will increase significantly in a short period of time, as will the conversion rate of acquiring users, the cost of receiving customers will be reduced for a short period of time before resuming.

Ningbo Yu, founding partner of Blue Elephant capital, suggested that under the epidemic, founders of the education industry should do path innovation, not change at the point where they have a core advantage; the startup team must calculate the cash flow, to maximize the company's core team, communicate and negotiate solutions; some founders may consider starting the next round of funding in advance, rather than obsessing over valuations; and use all the tools at their disposal to enlist the help of shareholders.

* The title is from Pexels. At the request of the interviewees, Chang Peak, Gao Yi, Wang Wei and Liu Wen were given pseudonyms.

On as if

Welcome to join the "burning finance and economic innovation economic war and epidemic plan" .

Under the epidemic situation, the industry changes, in order to help innovative enterprises overcome the challenges, seize the opportunity, finance and economics launched the "innovative economic war epidemic plan. ". The program consists of three parts: column reporting, online salons, and industry communities.

The report section and the online salon section invite entrepreneurs and investors who want to contribute to the innovation economy and help overcome the difficulties, to participate in the report, discussion and mutual assistance. You are welcome to leave a message in the comments area or send us a private message backstage. Please indicate "entrepreneur" or "investor" .

Industry community section, attention to this topic, would like to participate in the community readers, welcome in the background message US, marked "Plan" , into the group after we will provide a discussion platform, Salon live broadcast and other follow-up services.

Have you tried online learning? How's it going?

You are welcome to leave your story in the comments section, and we will send you a netease cloud music season card from one of the top three likes (over 20) . Please Click on the public number of the menu "reprint cooperation. ".

First-hand Information / Hard Core Report / daily Red Envelope / offline activities! All that's missing is you! Speed Up Wechat rancaijing02 reply "reader" one button on the car!

Have you tried online learning? How's it going?

You are welcome to leave your story in the comments section, and we will send you a netease cloud music season card from one of the top three likes (over 20) . Please Click on the public number of the menu "reprint cooperation. ".

First-hand Information / Hard Core Report / daily Red Envelope / offline activities! All that's missing is you! Speed Up Wechat rancaijing02 reply "reader" one button on the car!

I think I'm watching it

WECHAT SWEEPS UP Praise for author

####Send it to the author

People Admire

Long-press the QR code to transfer the funds to me

Under apple's new rules, wechat's iOS version of the APP has been turned off to support public accounts through Qr code transfers.

Go to "discover"-"take a look" browse "friends watching"

Sent

####Send it to take a look

Sending

A scan of wechat
Pay attention to the account


-------------
title: Offline Education Press "pause" button
source: Burning Finance
authors: _
editors: _
proofreader: _
photographer: _
translator: _
via: https://github.com/2019ncovmemory/nCovMemory
link: https://mp.weixin.qq.com/s/isvD14sSQjMMlF43SC9T0w
archive: http://archive.ph/Q16r3
snapshot: https://github.com/2019ncovmemory/nCovMemory/blob/master/archive/jpg/1301.jpg
lead: Under the epidemic situation, the offline education falls into the management difficult position, how should the entrepreneur break through?
cover: data:image/jpeg;base64,/9j/4AAQSkZJRgABAQAAAQABAAD/2wBDAAYEBQYFBAYGBQYHBwYIChAKCgkJChQODwwQFxQYGBcUFhYaHSUfGhsjHBYWICwgIyYnKSopGR8tMC0oMCUoKSj/2wBDAQcHBwoIChMKChMoGhYaKCgoKCgoKCgoKCgoKCgoKCgoKCgoKCgoKCgoKCgoKCgoKCgoKCgoKCgoKCgoKCgoKCj/wAARCADLAeADASIAAhEBAxEB/8QAHAAAAQUBAQEAAAAAAAAAAAAABQECAwQGAAcI/8QAWhAAAQMDAgIFBwUJDAcGBgMAAQIDEQAEBRIhBjETIkFRYQcUcYGRodEVIzKxwRYkQlJykpPS4TM0U1Ric4KUorLC8AglREVjg/E1Q1VkdOIXJoSjw9M2pLP/xAAZAQADAQEBAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAQIDBAX/xAAqEQACAgEDBAICAgIDAAAAAAAAAQIRAxIhMQQTQVEUIjJhI0JScQUzof/aAAwDAQACEQMRAD8AxXR7ERO1RpQCrcVcQgwPRUaGoUe8VnIURiW4kdlL0ZiPCrKUGK7Rv4UwK2jc0ujY/X3VY0doFLp2nYCgCBKNvXSFG3xqylJ9dPCO4UADblv5tRG21Y22bR91V4wtIJf0hI7+Rgb1rb3JW7WpDiHgRIkJBH11ic1bO3eVVdWS0hJCYJOkgiiMqZElZvLfHXSHVhZSu3W2NJ1JkGSCkGd/rrIQhvjdxCQEkJUlYHYrSCaqm5zfQ6Okt52HSCNWxkbx76gw1u/a5Rh+40dGgnUUqk7g1cppkwg4s9IYQNA508Nz2UObzuPQkAqcB/mzTxxFjoPXej+aNRZqqLryPmz2VKGztM8hUdpdM39qt23KigEpMpIMjf7RVyEgpBUlJP8AK+ygZXDY2kbd1KG+e1SpW0PovNGe5Ypw6Pb5xv8AOFMNiEtGNq4Njs51ZSEkSFo/OFKEiNlJ5xzBpD2Kwb35b0vRbdtWw2APGl6MwdINAFHotpH1VWfZIJ2MUW6JXaDSpZJMFJPhFMWxmH2uqZ58qB5m0cuHmywkLKWgmAocwVGI7+2vQF2gWFa25H5NU3+H7S4npGzy7uVStiJQ1Hn1ljrkXLK3LdxKQ4nu7x41ulNhVw6RBlZM85pVcNWYVrCZVBAlAA91NwtkLQOMuKCQ2dI1KHPw8KpuwjDSWm2idiOdSIZqx81Gy2z/AEhT0hEfSTHL6QpbmmxTLW8muDe3I1c0JgwtJ9YpvRjvEemmBTU32V3Qx2c6t9H2nY13RwOygmioG9uUTSFru9Rq4Gz6K7o+8UDop9Hz0xXBsQew1c6EkTG9cWiJ2oEU9AFJ0cg7+NXOiPMCaTojI2oApFvn31wbG8bxVzoyZ2JpvQ77JIoFRULfIb01TdXC2RzB5dlIWj4zRYA1xrc1Qu06UKnbaj5aJIhNBMrbvO3zTCCpKVCYA+lv/wBKXgGgBepHyG/pIhT4A8SD+yvTf9HwhWJzIkGLhv8AuGsgvFXaBoYeSGpkpKQT6ieXpr1PyOsPt2GVCtKR0yIH0vwT2xVp0jPS7s39oj74SO5n7ar5nZxsDkAau2KT0ji1mVQBPrqjmj98oHcn7TSRp4B9dXGkmmB5f/pCCeEsd3+fD/8AzXXkfArRXmHDAhLRk+kivXf9II//ACnj9x+/h2/8NVeYeThsKvL1UzCEpnu3PwqWZ1ua9TUA1CtvffnRJaO3s76rrR3VdbDYPU3vy9tRLRtRBaJHoqBSCAQIqaJKCkR3VA4iEmQBV9aOe4B8KhcT1dvdUsaNFZw7asuSOuhKp9IpENwtXgSKj4cV0uAxyz2sI5eAirhTDp5c6GjWI0JjkKUp7Iqcpg7GkLcb0Dor6ZMfZShOxIHbUwRXae0bUxEaUH209Kd+fqqRCe6KcEyCJoGZHKNAvOAiOsQD66BXdqVLGnY94rU5ZEXLwHPVQ1SJ3+r01jJCQCVZvACCfZTRavjtO/hWm6MRyqUNpjdKQfRQosTZlfNXjO/uquqwecJPnBSRz2PxrZJaBnqAj0Uim0gct6rSIl4HZWjC3KHXNag+TMR+CPhWG4+ccb4jdSHFbIQpMHlI7K9N4dQBb3KQPwx9Vea+UlvRxIPG3bP94fZWsAfBnBfXc7XNwP8AmH404ZK+HK7uP0hqvp3roq0ZlsZW/mRe3E/lmnpzOSTyvXvbVCN+6lCe+gAknO5Qcr533fCl+6DKj/bXPYn4UNAriKEFhRPEWWTyvV/mp+FPHE2Yknzsz+Qn4UIA2paLCw0nirMfxw/mCnJ4szAEedyPFIoEBFLQFmgTxhmR/tKZ/J/bTFcWZNaiVqZUomZU3P20BneKWkKw991WRggptj/y4+2nJ4uyABHR2p/oH41n+yuHIz4UAaEcXZDc9Dan+gfjXfdffxHQWhH5Kv1qz1dQOzRDi68iDb23qK/jSji+8ne1t+/mv41nK6gVmlTxhd/xS3n8tfxrhxjdj/ZGfz1/Gs1XUbFajTjjK6je0a9Tq677s7qP3qj9MqsxXUCs1H3Z3P8AFUn/AJyqX7sbiI80T6enV8Ky1dRQWan7s34/epnwfV8K77snY3tVf1g/Csqa4UUgs1P3ZPav3sfQXz8K0vBWUGcfuWrhtQLaQuUrUI3jvrzGvQvI81quso5Ew22n3k/ZRSHHk24xrO8dL+kVTFYthULh3UBsQ4aLhscjsedNUiEnvmoaNqAjlg3P07j9Ia9H8kdslvH5MJcdJLyPpKn8E1h1p6xmvQvJUPvDJ/zyP7tMk22PQIcHcYqjk3FouylC1JASORopYJ+bWe9VCcp+/XPCB7qEHgrh52d3FH113Sufjq9tNHbSgSKYjzXy83Fy3wzYFp5aVG8HL8hVee8CB+5bvXH1rWUlCQT2bEn7K9B8vP8A/F7Db/bB/cVWS8mrBOIu3CBCrggH0JTU3uJK5BRbRAE1XUiU99GX2hQ9xHorROxuJRWgkRUK29M7TNXlJ0q76iWnnsDQ0SwcpHPYTVZ5EADlNElIOnbn2VVuEdZIFQ0AVwdmbDFsWal9J0KdAXESJNW1Jl7nJmpUJBHPlSKEL23pM1iSadhTSipgnq+ql07Uhsr6RPqpqiltMk7CrOkAxvQfKcQYfGPm1yN4hl7SFaVIUdjyOwimInx18i+6TQ0tstxIUQTvPd6KIJTtyoHw/mMDd3C7bD3LKrhSdSkJSpOoDnzG8TWhSnmYikrrcDOZpGm4entj6qErSJjmezxo7m0/Pr7tINCVplPcIqWhMd0fV7jUqUiNjypyEwhO/dUobHMiO6qRJCE9WAKYoROx9Yq6lrTPaYqFxrukHlv20wCHDqdrtPbKfqNec+VRvTxBbn8a1T7lKr0rh5PzlwJnqp+s1575WURl7BffbqEehZ+NVET4MNXV1dTMzq6urqAOrq6uoA6urqSmAtdXAV0cqAEHKlrq6gDq4DYnuruylH0SPRTASuHbSxSUgOFdSiBXRtQAldvS1wp0BwG0z6qTnype2k9FAHQe+upQKSOdIDq7vrorqAEE9teoeRlqbfLOD+EbTPqUa8wr13yLtf6iyTh/CugPYgfGh8F41bNyEbfVTXUgJ76tBO/fUb6YSe+szo00CFJ3UK9B8lyYx+S3/wC+R/drBqTvvW+8mQjH5Gf4VP8AdNUzI3ePEW895oJfgm8eIkjVR2xH3sirGkUiq2MmESOR9lOCTEAGtUB4UoT4UBpPDPLs2o8M2ACVT54OQ/kKoH5OrbouGUEiCp51XKPwo+yvauPkj5Kt+f7v/hNYBDjR1pSqSgwrwNSyoQrcoXLUDYUJeRBMUeuVJKTE+qg76hMb+qqiwmiitMbAVAtHj21OtxIEwd+UioVOpPZt6K0MSBado5nxqpdABZmZAohsoEpEx6qpXYHSkA9lQ0AeQYNKQNQjlFcOVIo/OI33jnSZcXuWE8uVKRJ35GnJHU7acRH1ipRTKabq3V/tDEfzgrG+Uu0ssrjx5u6Dk7VOttKEqPSNnmmQI8RvzkdtFc3Z26rx9ardoq2JJQN9hVBDFmobMtdaCOrXLLqtDqjpj0upXZ5vw/jcyzl7Z7HMLTdNL1o6QdGkx2SqBBG0eNe62V6zdWyHdbbayka29YOhUbpntisp5lb6zqt0FBEjaalVZWZWJt2ySIjTS+Z+ivifsM5kJWolJQZRvB9NBSmUgJ5T3002Fku2eKWUg6V6SmRyB99ZzzVCFrDSSg9mhREe+mupUvBMulryaxhTagQlYUURIB3G3bVhAB37R30Gwdvct3Ny46G/N3UN9GpJlRAEdbxo8gQn3V1Q3RxtU6FjqzO1VyOqT4c6sE94G9RLEgbwIqyGy5w9++nwR/3Y+usN5YW4vcauOaHE/wBoGtzgNr5wTuWj7iKGcf8ADd1m27ZdokLLJWCO3ePh76Ijf4nixMV01rXOB8kgwoshXbq17exNQjgzJdJoPQcyNRKgn0zp5VexnuZiaWtT9xGS3+dsdv8Aj/sqA8IZMOaNLHONXS9X20hmdrhWl+4vLSQPMj/9Uj40n3GZcckWZ9F238aYUzN1wrSfcZmPxLT+uNfrVx4MzE/uVsdv421+tSCjN11aI8HZmP3ux/Wmv1q4cHZqf3q2fRctfrUwozvZXDatGng7NxPmaPVcNfrU08HZw8rGf+c3+tTQIz0705P0T6vto8OD85p3x6j6HW/1qVvhPNfOJ+T3pBEgFJ+2kAB7KbWg+5LOE7Y173fGuPCWb/8ADbj2D406QtwABHKaUg0c+5TOSYxdyfQmkPC2cHPFXcfzdOkIBgbUsd1GjwtnOfyTex/NGk+5jOf+EX36FVIYGiugRRkcMZz/AMIvjP8AwFfCmnhnOD/dF9+gV8KAA5HjXAUXPDea7cTf/wBXX8K48OZkD/sm/wD6uv4UgBEV0UU+57MA74q//q6/hS/c/l//AAq+/q6/hRQAoJr2nyONaeFHlR9K6X9SRXlBwmSQrSuxukKiYU0pP1ivZPJvY3Vlw1aNuoW0C44tYVtzO23bypS4NMa+xrAmT4VFdJ6hnerAG3bUN2CG1QayOl8AvTtNb3yZj/V9/wDzqf7tYbTzPZW88mgiwvx/xUf3asxN5bJhlPj8afSMD5lHop8Ui6OApYpKcOVIDNcdp/1Zbx/D/wCE15vYqDdpfvqOwcWsnwSJ+yvSeO/+y2P57/Ca8oyTvm3BWXfPZbXCv7KgKRa2RgHPK3rQCnDET33P/tqm95TlrBJxKRP/AJj/ANtebLVIG5pHF9XZSvbWumjnc2zdr8ppJ3xX/wDY/wDbWk4Vzh4gtH7k23QJbc0BJVrnaZmBXio5mvUvJQlZwl6STo84Gnbl1RP2ULcK2NgEmVT3+2h92Pnl7du1FG0yJjnQu4Pzyt95oaJ8B5JEGdqY5JW2RtvFOnbwpruxRE/SqWtio8l9H0B4UvYa5ofNRtMTSeqpRqwHmk/fJn8JA+2g1sOq2pKeqAN/bR7OIl1vsJQR7/20BQkhtOgEwTHZtNeTn2mz08LuCLaz82iBv6YpxSVEaN4hXp2pFHqImDE0vIj8XnWNmtDbJIKXUcuusR28zWZKHATDiZ5Hq8orT2xi4dIHJwkR470DfSUuOJjkoj3mrgyZIPYxEY5g8zoFXAOrvsOyqmKM49rviPfVtJkV7GNfU8af5HQeX11C4AfZ21Mo7ctvrqBw799X/ozZbwZ/1lGxJbUNvVWmZ/c1flH7Ky2CIGXQNt0q+qtUx9FwfyvsFJmsOByVeJpySRvJ9tNGxIFOgipRrQ6THM1wmZBpAJpwEU7BUKSY5mkG9KBXAc6LA4JB/BT7K4pT2oR+aKcAa7eDSCthgbQTJbR+aK7om/4Nv8wU/Y0s0AkMDLX8C0f6ApCwyebLX5g+FSA107bUx0iLza3M/e7P6MfCu82tojzZiP5sfCpRsPGupbhSIfNLX+K2/wCjT8Kb5jadtrbn/lJ+FWK6mFIr+YWZ/wBjtp/mk/Cm/J9lB+87b9En4VbNNpCpFf5PsiD95W36IfCk+TrL+JW36MVZGxpSdvRQFIqHHWJn7yt/0YpDjrGP3lb/AJgq3SCnY6oq/Jtj/FGPzBXfJ1lEeaM/m1aJmuPKiyasq/J1kOVoz+bTTjrHebRmPRVzvpCJmKLDSiq3YWrR1NWrST3hNWAI2pw250oosEkuDkpmq96AEEGriADFVb36J8fCkuRvgHwZqxb53IYdpxOPdS2lw6lSgKkgeNRAVAuyur90M2Vs9cuhJVoaQVmO+BVMyNvb8T5c2zWp9GrQmT0Se6nHifK8/OEfo01Udxd/a2+u4sbpptAAKltEAdnOKgtbS4u3Cm1YdfWBJS2kqIHftUOzdJUExxRle19H6NNOHE2V/jCP0aaovYu+t2lOv2Vy02IlS2iBv4mltcdd3TZXaWj7yAYKm2yoT6qYbDsnmL2+tuju3QpCJUISBvBrDcaOFjyaZU9qrQj85YH21r8pa3NlbO+dW7zCi2SA4gpkeusL5VHOh8m76JgrVbo9MqB+ymkJ8HgCiJI29dNXHZFNVuTtTCkDaPdWlnLQ2vavJ+10XB9hA+kFue1RrxUCveuF2gxwxi0HYi1QT6xP20Ib4CLQAQDEGOdBX91K5xR2IZVJ/B+ygTp6x35Uckt7UH4A9lMf2aB7QodlSeO3fTVplPKdx8KT4GuSe3uEdHp1SfRT+mQfwoHooVjHpQtEdYbGrBcVqI7fCs0aNjMvC+iI3An7KCJBIMSDJEjs3oveqUWUkmCDQdS0pKwXEgajEkd1eZ1K/kZ6fTf9ZMjkJTMTtNPKeQJ5CNqRC2ySekRIPPUN6lbU3IBW3pJgjUOUiuejosib6txcARupJ/sig1+IuHoidZ+ui+pPnTulSYhB237CPsoXkP329HfNVG7JkEsQqLAD+Urc+mrzZ7R7qz9rkGrVtTbqtJ1E7gnar7GUtlpOl0EjnIj64r2MT+iPFy/kwko7b1WWe/uiag+U7Ygy83+cPjVdzJW2/wA8jfxmtDKwngSpWZZgE/SJ25CDWrs0voung6SWlCUyZEz3T3VmODrhFxdXnQqnShMns5mte3I7RPfUs2xrYeEmeaPYadB70e+mAxO4ingc5IA9NJGyOCVEndufXSdbeSn308RHMeuuIMAEj1UIRyUqO8oj104JO/0Z9dKlIjmJpQB4H10DQkR+J764A9mj2mlASOce2uiOUT6aAOg/yPfXR+T7TS6duz21wTzmBQBwBjcJ9ppAk9yPaaWJHYAKUJHbFMY2DvIT7aUAzySfXSkRVRDr3ygWiD0REpOnb20hWW9J7k+00gSqPop/O/ZSkDwrgkR2UBYyDHJP537K7Srfqp/O/ZT49FIECgBoSfxU/nUsGICR+d+yl0CZ2pdI3o4AbBmNI9v7KSDG6R7f2U4IE7V2nuPKgBgTz6o9v7K6DH0R+d+yqeRfdtujLYTClwdQnaKuJRKRPaAaSEhIWN9Cfzv2V3W7Ep/O/ZXaee1JETtTGIdUwEJ/P/ZT0zH0Uz+V+ymjxG0VwHPamGxHfIdUwoIC0kgiULg/VQrF2AsbNWnzpRWoE+cvrWdtttcx6qOJBioLwDolSN6XkllI6uelJ/pfsrW+Rl5SuOlo0AJ8zcJIVPaisS8tLYEiSeQo/wCS3KtYrjVh65ENXDZttQ/BUoiD6JFTLNBS0N7m8Ohz5MTzRj9Ue2eUQTwjez3o/vigvklsOjs72+UN3lhtB/kp5+8+6tDxxbO3nDlxb26Ct51TaUp8dYq1jrVrBYRpkH5u3b6xH4R5k+s/XV1uct7UT5fGW2Wsza3oWpkqCiErKZI5cqH8L2DONVkrS0BSw3cDSFKJO7aSd6IYpq7btyb58uurOuNISGwfwBHOO+pre2Qw9cOImX161Se3SB9QFVQjCeUFqwf4nxDWZcDdgttSXSTA+lsCewEwJrx7/SxYw2P4XxjOHLKXHrpIcbZVqSEpSog+Br6B4q4SseJFNm/XcJ6NOkBpQTtM9oNfMf8ApW4IYQ4KwselebuFuPpTEqGlIBmBvzmYpBex87BagOqogemmKXO8k09LSikEFMeKgKYUEdo9tMgTmDv2V9EWzaW8VbIQQUJYbSlQ3EaRXz0w0p55DKI1uKCEzykmBX0BfMqs8Tb28wpBaZMeA3+qmgfBafUE2zhmNqBKBKzt9tVCNajO48asM27cDqDbwpmV2aWIJmoL3azuOspPUPWSYI8am7yIjuqreXVvpeZXcsJd0EaCsTuDG1JtLk0Sb4KBxVmFkquXUEyqXH9M+smmqxrQnoXXV+i8bH1qqvln8ilWLexL7DZSoeca3EJIT1SRJPdqFb53K4RClRe2ZTPJLgO3ZWeuPsuOKUjzrI43IKsn049am3lIIbUb9B37O2KyasPxoTu5rjl9+sK/xV7ha5XEXLiW7d9la1HSlIBknu9NNdzWCZuFMvXtohxJgpUuCk91JuDNY45x2R4f8hcZFW6ZPP8AfNv+tT04PjUbBpX9Yt/jXtxzGCAkX9lB/wCKKYc7w8mZyNlPg5P1UXj/AEPRk9njDeG47QkhCHEp7k3DAH96ornhvjO5Uo3KXFHkfvtqD2diq9ys8ph7x3o7W4Zcc3hImT6J5+qkVlcGl1Ta720Q6kwQVxB8TRcP0GifFnk2D4fzjDBbubTTEELL7Zn+1RVOCvoJLSJ/nUfrV6P8o4UbqvbMA/yx9dKMjhikkXdpEbdcb0ao+yHhkzzj5Duxt0Qj+cR8aarB3Ufvcbf8RH61ek/KOJCCRc2qoEnSdX1CoV53ApUoLu2ARuTCo9sUa4LyL48jD4bG3lo89COiSsCT0qRMeg+Jo0lF0Bs8P0wP20f+XeHh/vC09tSIy2DKApN0wpJ5GDH1Uu5BeSlhktkZ9JfmC8P0w+NOBe7Lj/7w+NaZq7xTzTjiHWShAlaojSKgTlMEox53aSP891NZIeyu1NgQOPjk+fU6I+uk6W52+dO5j91Hxo6Mlgv43aTE8xTjfYUc37aOz/MUPJBeRLFNgNC7knd47f8AFHxqWbnSfngN9peT8aOKfxCGUvuOWqWVGAskAKjspjd5hFAabiyVJgHUmjXD2LtzBCU3n8KY8HU/GnIbvjuHFfpR8aMecYb+Hstu5STSouMOolKXbYq8APhRrh7GoTBPRX2/WX6nB8aQNXsyVOAeDg+NFnLnEMr0uu2jah2K0pMeiKyvF9rlb2/Zc4Y4hxePtOiCVodCZUvUdx1D2QOdGuPsNEwuG7wJJUt2P5wR9dJ0V5Egu/pB8aLdPiEIGt+0BgCSU7mprYY25UU25t3VASQnSYHfT1x9goTASk3mkx0v54+NQJVkPONJ6UN9+v8AbRwXGFJKemsiQYPWTzp4Xhz9JyyI9KKWuIduQFcVdTs45H5VJ0txp3dcH9KjBOGG+qxn+hT+hxRR0nR2vRnkvQiPbEU1KPsNEgCHX99Tyvz65Ltzq/dnCO4mjyWcQodVu0V27JRv7qcLTFE/uFpPilHwo1RDRIAh+6JPzqx/n0VyHbkzC3T6KOi2xGsp6O0KtpASk/Z4Gm+Z4nf5i2B7tCfhTtPgnTIDBy7B6pdP9H9lL0l5y+en8g/Ci6bXEmYattzH0B7OVO8zxWoDo7YE9mge3lRsOmAXbjIoUno27hUmD1FbewVP9/douAfyD8KMea41PIMD0AfCpBZ2hb1IQkoPJQA+FAUwB/rA9lz+jI+yujIQT98/mH4Uf82tAd0j2fsrjb2nPSk/59FAUzPkZADdNz6kn4UxQyWghs3CVd6mifhWi82s/wAVNd5vaR9FEf58KaoNLM0kZXkp58DvFvP21J0d44nS5kXkztC7VSffWh82svxG58QD9lJ5jZqST0LZgcwB8KLQKLAPyNciSq6Dio2SpMfbR/yf8L3WT4mtQpbaGbZSbl3eSUpUNh4kxVZtlpKUpShIA5ACBXofkXtiXMlckbBCGh61KJ+ysJdPCU9bW56OP/k8+Hp308Xszd8U5Q4fEm8jUEOthQ70lQB901HcqRnEC3t31eagJdcdZVCp2UhIPsJ8I76j43xr2U4feYtj84lSXNMSVBPMDxp3B9vjrXDNDErC2VCVuEQpSu3V3HwroPLL+ZyDeKxVxePEaWUaon6R7B6zSYO8fv8AF291dW/m7jqdfR6pgHl7qAm5suJs4q0Fy25aWCgssg/u7nf4oT7z7zmay1thsa7d3RhCNkpTzWrsSPGgCDifK3OHxTt7a2Yu+iIK29emEdqpg8q+Tf8ASO4tTmeJcE9esm3Yas7hIQ0rUoaiBMmN5FfX2PvbbK45u5t1odYeRPfz5gj3RXxT/pOYxoeUjzLBM3Nwza2qQ4ltsrDS1KUSkEeqgDxYn0U0nuq8rF3iAddlep9LCh9lNRjbxZhFldqPcGVH7KVoNJZ4Ua844kxTXMKum52/lA/ZXuPEKupbjbrPKVHoQr415LwFjrpjjbFC7tX2OupxPStlM6Uk9tesZ1Dq1W3RNKXpCyY/oimmkS4vwBYlW3fVpjmAfVVVPSIVKrd7b+QTVtpYjdDqfEtqH2U9S9mag/RTTf3H7l8q3PSck6rYEz49arBtbw6ldI46SIk2wM/2pqsnFMJu1v8Ant6pxxBSZQ0QQRHIzv40i8fZdGBavrU+kaQl0oOojv0wU8uZFeK52ubPejiV7Khoxlwh1Sh51pIgAWkAHv8Ape41eFrcMNdIhpbwG3Rrt0JKvXWdsHReJdW6haWWAC5p0qjs5GBRNCcalStb92ntPzKI5eCqmV+SlGgi304cbcRYKaMhaShbSVIUDzM8j2j0Ulykp6S4umHSonUpZbac7eZI9NVm/MdyzfLAJ5OWx29i9qjgKcXOZWkKEBsWWye8mVzSWqXkPqitft2+SGlLbqHEqkLbYRJHjv20StbVR3aZvGm9wEC3R1fDtqgzg7QsdEMk44gr1SLNOqe6SuYirDeHs0hKkXeQQkbx0baQfVVNpKrHGnvRM/5zZqTcWSLs3LJChFoErnlsQnxpbVi5dZSu5afLi06urbJBG/IyNjVHOMPY23Drdw48gGShSQhaZ5HYkEVEwwt2yafu3XmW3D1YQHJjn2jfw3o/ryOt+A0q1edbW2q3fW0Y6q7ZMp8QQR+yh9tbeaw0u4uW3ZMk2oSpQ7oKojbnTVItFCPP16tinpGCACPyVb1Xu7Ppw1qy7BUneRbOpHsHKlFOuQaSe5o7W3cUCtl19YJPJhsEzzqnkbC8skB60addbJALYtE6h47AyKpJaC1BbuTsHuokbW7jcexO/pq2y024CBftSjmlLKzE+mKT1LyKk+CRCblAAcsbpatiot2iSnfs+j7d6iRi7gXK3rdjINoUmQ0qzOhKu8b+6p024W3ptr9a184LShq9EEwPVQ62vH15c41m3C3ezrlSSO8DmZHKhP1uCT9BAN3LDD6F298hp0Q7NknSoDfeFd/LxpLdu1cQlIaB9FsPsVTy8ttxtzztDCSFJIVaqVPYYM7EHtoX5g4gvqRk7AF4HUHWHVbzO2x0nxpbvaxpJW2E12SWrgNmxbWgx10MKKQPEgkCm3NoLhxpaGL9lI+kgNFSHB3QTIoc2yEPBvz3HIdO8Jcc3/8At786sC2cDalO5e1SjckpW5Efm0aWt2Ca8BF0XCW0ickUhR6ibWUiTvsT/mKepp1tOtNpduQZDZt2wT6SaHt27bjetOV1BRmQ0tQ743Iqtn3rjE2nTLSh1Lieod0ncbGCO3eOYMUbt0g02rCLV9bJam8U5aO6wgecttpM8xyAqJw3N9buC4tntIJ6JbGvWrsnlBHaByI51zFo6l1i4v7qxWpNu4hB6FYAUpMA/RI27SN53pPM7l1aibvFuzuFJ6RraB2FMd9U4Vv5BNcElzcPLdWt8X4mCdTCVbxB5+ilA1FIKXz2gmyQT9dOZtMgkLUFWoQjckXoAA5k8hUnmeVmFPtBZV1fv4Ry5ePfS0ye9EuUbpEY6ZTqUJt71aSYKxbISke4mp1OvWaiUOKSpxDjZS8jQqFNqBKdoNNRZ3wjpbm2nnBuFER6k1BkEZdi3uHWFWD7MaEthatQkEFWpQAA3JP/AFoxp61Y3WlorYt9L9lb9GtbqyygrTbgOQY/CJ7eXsq660uCqLpBTvBtEnfflQHhRNy7grdKHGEsW5KVjQtS4A+lKQRpk+2iydLqVdBlA2rnOh0R7qc1pkNK0OtydKFKfuQCJg2yUn66trIftFMuKulWpBVAbjSfxhvzieyq6OnbSQMyhSjP/eup37x1aRKnlQoZZsgHSFKec/V39NS0+UCl4ZXcW9j126AEKs1oM3LbRG4gkqkR27b9/dVy2uWl6FILjgPWBSy2rV9tcp+4Q4lVtk7WQZcDgdc1DlyCRVazxCmnnVWd1buqfKz0XQuI3MmAR7fCh7+dx0vIUU8I2buW4EhQtQPRvMVKjLqQtv74uFpSeslbYOodwOrb01l8XfXF1eKtQi4YcaVpch0kJPqEnwiZos22+pS4zYCtxCkPAD2U7lF8kuCqg+/xGyhBDbKumKVFtLrgSFEdkj0iqGM4puLllTl3i1WoCtIb1lTh9UCBzqAM3awkHLsKSkADSt4HbvlNSKTeBCkt3jHSBJ067hYHgfo771supyVS3Mexju2X1cRWi0nUi4T2bIB+2ocxxS45iGGMFcLtLttSSp162DiFJAMgDfcmPZQZ7DXd1cJedydgl5AGoI6UhXPn1efwq4mzuPpfKzaV6oIbDun0bn/M0PqskeWHxsb4JbHibOp6r99h7mO02TiT7QsCocn5Q8hY3Nmy3ZYe7Fysthbb60aVA7hQMx7aFvX98zkFWXnTyHknrEklIHMnnMR4TVlaw0dD1y/0o/Gtkbe+qj1Uk7kD6aNUkFHeMb5xCvNlYlP8tLS3QPD6Yohj+NrJFq03k+kXeBPzimLfS2oknkJJG1Z5vIIQjSMjcoUDEdCQD6gaq5Z43rISq/YSQ6NDml0L0/imB65n6qUepyXsN9PCt0bUcb4TpOjm4C9+qWv21J91OPetHiwstFwFKHHQAkL07TvWLa6Xom2m8k02lIIltDsK322iKmNtdLnpszqb/FXbkpHjuYpPqpcNgumiFU5m7xd22zlMhaPp0BxTbTJDhSRsQSrbs7D2V9GeSmyNpwdaOuNqQ7djzhSVJggK+jPqg+uvlZGUusbxHaefpavygod0OiEOtjkFGJA25Du7RX0hw75XOHL1kIyDisU90YXD4PRrEfgK7R3SAa6cWdN/ZnNnwyr6o1XEvEthhrLIG4uW03FvbdP0UyshRKUkDtlW1W8NaJssFaW7iRDbCQ5qHhvPvr5vv+MsZmvKEMpmXXThkupKGAyVOaUGUfhRzAJ9Jr1rO+Uzh2/4Rya8Xl20XirdSWm3UKQ5qUNIISdzEztWkM6d7mM8Eo1sajC2mNvMTbZOzsbVp5xrpW1oaCSkkGK66t2czwi3cXbLTz6rPpUKUgHSsomR3b1iuCvKTwti+DsRZ5LNJFyzbpacKmXOe/hTuGPKZw5j+G8fY5HJOOXiEdCuLde5k+EchVrNBcsjtT8I9GxDdsMcy5ZstsNPIS5pbSEjcA9lfF/Hl/c2PGPETS7paHra7U0hpagQ4ASJg7zGkz4mvpThXyh8PY3hDFJzWat2nlIU22FA63EpUQlQSAdiIrxryn5/DZHiW4yWKaD9ndpSvWuyA1qA0qIJ3PIb1lnyxcUdHTY5KbTR5sjiG6CIU6hJHOAqD38jXI4muJIU+3ETulc1WvFP3N4+q1yy2GSslDSrUq0CdhM7xTWmckVp1Z1uJEg2qwY9QrDtwa5OnW0+A+nLoNsi5u2VLS250fSEyErUgyAAZEgx479tL8u2TSVBTKBpA7FjaPA+ihDNoQl1sXluWHo6UKZd1GFSIlMbVdRibJwGL98g85bAn+xWcopcsvnhBljP4pDf7sVODfQC7A9vPlVPIcSMu3K7SwYfVcrbKipCiFNwOfWMc6D5W2s8WwLm4ubhLLq+jS50YhSgJj9zoQm7xy31XFitTriElbjigE78gDCRMz7q0hDa1wZt068hlpKJGrNXMEbp8zKSef8AKFPtsZi0WoWchdruHTLj3QDrbmBBXQW7yDvRJJtVJ35QQfT9GobO6daBhBXqVIBCjp8IqdMqHGdvdh9rE4QrV01xlXFaSApQbQkEzuIn31ZtcXZvAMsXeVUodUT0SvdA8O2s4+/fvBITaOLTqP0WVns2mOyruMs38pfJtn3V2jaGw59HQRvygwT2+w0nGbVtlqUeBb9t+zfUlq5Fw2oGFKa0kwYIIk+4wat2zLKENO5Bx9TjwhPQBtIA7usCT7qF5J1hy8Uh55QbkxD+gD11Xy2PVj2bW+tnXFLeWFIQOvpTH0u8/g8++nCKkv2Of1e/BqSmxS2eguco0qYHUZVBnnyFRv27BtzObyIKhOpVsnl6ligeOusi+2FFpa1n8VhXdPZ41J51dtoCblnouZHSIUk8p7az0TTKuPhhl2wxLoYZtbzItspTuBbJWSSd+a4nwIpzmLxLLLZRk8mHELCi6GUbjfbTqjt3igS7tw6mimAVBSVIWpBkgRuKsYtu/vXCmwsFvAkFZQlS4nnJO3xq/tRF78h1u2xyk6jdZFxHMammQQPfTmbTE3iUtJXfkr3TKmxPq01Sdw2fEacRdcxq6O3Kp9hPZTW8RmrzIMWT1nfssrWoFZtVISkd86dtqjRJmlryxmXQ5j31BpxDqFHSdbUKSRvBgkH0j3VdtW1M2jDl30uh3dsslAHiN5M7HsFD8hjF2+RdsVNZAMMEJDiNbZJCdzqiOdNv8LcWGFsMnbi+U++/EaSspbGoajt3ad4qli1L9i16X+ghcMY+7UOnuMqkpOyWy0PqSKcrE4xSi65kMsApMKAQ3yjvBkH10GYcyjiwBaPqCkzJtFc4PaB3j31ftmM2+P8Asu6MgiE2zu+1So5I8Dk4y8lq3srI6i1k71TJkoKrZtQEnlOvc8pqwu2sAClV7eEJiSLZA9+uq7GK4iDZS3hrttKiYHQqAmJ7eW9RLsuJGWy89h7kDtSGiv1wDNJxk3dEqS4suqssOpSVPu3azzTq6NJ8DvNWWsXYPrDFsb1bqwQNam16vSIH18qyrN65ut1aEqUoa+ruJmeZ7xU3Dltc8QZ1uxauHUoUyp5egQEnlOw2k7UljnIu4xVkmdvXMUsWiXUanDpQEIA1bxy7DMiilxgbVu1ZRd3eRCXEayQ2hQVtvpKjBSDy2oHmWMq0p1aLPLqSHygBCXEpKZMKjSZ5Cpc/aX+EsMRkFvOqN+hS1odbJDY6uxB5T9lbRxNRTjyQ8qbcZcBdFqyt9KkZe8JCYKX7QLSO3qgL2q55gsJGnJ2qgY3Vaup+okVj3OJHrfIBoN2rqS7BUSUnmN+dWHOLi09dsqs2Jtut+7QVejbnWbxZJeExSyRSqzUpS6FBCMhZadJmEPmPT1dvQfGnJKyAFX1sAk6uqw7HvisOrjhtSmVKskyokiH9x6dvTT2eK0aboosU/NEuEF8kLUdyeVadqaXBkpwb5NuhKOkW4L9IUDC9NoqJme1yq4s3XDe3Fll13hQdDlqWejamB1VQowSNpPfzrKN8TXTnmCWrRtLdwZWSFrKANquYR3JX2MzGVeu1sNWrvRqZCSlLiSITI7YntqY4ciuTo1eSDqKZDwjYqyAvLC4cuLFTaVFDKAZCiqAgjtG/uFaYY5loltd9eBxJhRVat8+2RqBHZWOx7OQ+XVWeQL9u9kdA1FW6m1Hqq9g9UUmYyd9w3k7jGpdQ6lt0JPTonUkgbzsaqeKUn9RLIopWzXqsGVOS3kyJEBDlmqP7K+dQowsISW8rb6YCQXGXoB7Z59p+qs41xKtbzzBYtS2wBoKVkT3Dme2plZxS0BSmEJJnk7v9X/SoUJR2aFrUt0zQN41LIUPljHt6fpTbvRJBIG6fCYqROOS/eMuXmaSlhoqOli2WFEkECJFZw5dWiFspU2qF6SuRsYB5e+rDGW65i1ECN1r5yY7qWmnaiXHU1TYeteHmQ8t1OcfCnlStSLPQqd+StUnwJobm2bzCqSs3Lb7ClQhwtwqdzCp9s7zQi64oeOOukIDLZkpHMkCDMGe7aavqtLpt63tb/MXCGVsB9Cmng0RuEhMqnYDu2oWOct58D1qOyZdx5uLm3cuLh7SynsaZKiB2FUqAE9nOnrdYEJdyDiEqO6l2h0+jZzb/AKUAxlqq8scpfi7eWrHq2B6xWD2k9vKq6sktV7btgtLQ6IXqnq+z0GhQaewNqSuzY2oa1At5i2Uoq3Pm7g9XM1WyePurpLLbuXsk2aXA67oDiVaQe4InagNs6suK6FtKYUANK55zy2qRF684VICY0mNlTqMzPuqYxqWpoJWlSYRveG3C+py3ylmQkhKQvpAQkCB1o32A7KsP4Qou3k47MW6LchOhLhcUoH8KerQqzfuHHEwpagVa91AzMk79nbU5ySmWQoslwggddUk7TzjluKJyk+EXBPlstP4S9Lct5G1fcESAhSJMdhKQO+hTTV3cPFvqIW2vZTw0pESN+09kATUtpkL/ACeWWmwuksqZZKgESrUNQBjxNUUP2xfaVYOtF+4KQ84leqVkiJ7tyeVUoSq5INSbpM0Fu24khC8pa7c9Nq5A9B7fZXZCyu3rRxpnM2Cek2WFIW3I7fwD2UJur69sru5bvFIfeb62pUz3AU35Vcdb1qa30kmHOQHqqFFp3pQ/FWFcpgUpe/1dk8ctoAQHHlpWOZ+kdok91RLwKmOiRY5KzVqbSp1K7odVw84kbjbaqHnaLpfWR1kglJSsRHOfE16d5MMPjs5jMgcnZuuraeCAS8RAKdx1TWquW1GTloV2YQYe8UgzkcXJ3Pzuo+5NP+565d6xzFgmBsAlZ9f0a9rPA3DugjzF6DtJuF8uXfUdzwjgBbrSLFc6dIPnC5iPTR2p8JEPPF8s8LyaMhiSC+5bupJlLgkpPIQZj2EV1zbZe7t3FN3VvbKdT1VPLCCZG5AAKo9le6XnAeCVbWzV0m7U22j5kJvXUdWBtIO/Zzp1vwRhjb3CkWatCo6QF5Znny32586rsONPySuoi7R4fcYFpNvajH5GyKktp6RDtwtKg526SUxHd209fDr/AEFq7Y3Nsq4KCLhCbxMSNklJJAg1tvKZh8VgcNa3ONs1tvOXIbUS8pWxST2+ivPE5lJTBQ6VK2iBv2RsamTle6NYbxtMluOHMupR6ANqAG0XDPWO2/0vTTbXh7P6pFuwEq3CjcMmfYumfK1s0tuVXKUoJ1lDYUYBjq77c6ts8R2JIDfnagSNi1BJ5DkaaSrgzbk2XbXA5hJTqFkkz1iq4bJPsV/mar5awz1hauusot3UpklNupC17dsTJ9U1KjiZlkHo0vATtMCdvTNC2OJMtksq4rFIQlm1b1PByFjSTuvcdgG3dvUxi3Lg0dpbsH2+FRn+FrJxV8sLFw4HkKdSA0s76iCeRBHLtNR2vCiLNh1prL2Cw4pJkhwGAOWyCOdRsOpac6G0JDK1pUVFWuSe3V/ntq5krvIWGQctMnpeuUpDinAqAQeQH+eytpZJ7qK2M44Y7OT3Lr2ezgcR0GWvEfyVOqKT7aiueKOIG9xcJeI2OpCFfWKxFjkHA8hK3nQiYI1kiilxcudChaFEz9IGPpDt9lT25RdBrhkTaDbHEuUeuSl5FolKdyfNGpPhyq2OKMshsdEzb9XdGllsR3/g1mfOHiFEah29kRP/AF3pF3Nwu56NxfVSeqCkRPZvHOm4tiTijS2XFWXeWpCwhtQJACGG9z+bUieJ86t1Qaun0o7gqD7tqzbd1cdI4FvKIS5p2iSDuOynrfWhafnFkhWknVE+Pu99S4u9jSMo0aRvN510lTt0+3Bja4UdXvqRriF7WtD+ZvWnyD0bKFdIHdtgoqJET2RWS89QohLilKUUlJlRO/f7jRLEWzHyM/lLtn5wBSkKjbsT7zMHwoUHdspyjwiNTWRyCi5bnFNlMawqUgneCANgKJPZOytMd0Cku+eNblIUOigKAVA9E71mlZd/GtldslpwrVpPSA7c+41q/MTc8EKvby3Ccjfo+ZAEA61yInlskmavS5JalsZKcYSaXJM1chSQWFo3HYr4VcTfvobJFxco2nZxQrz6xvWStIUEySN4E8oqxbOH50JU4khJIhR5iawfTtPk0WaMkbxrN36Epi+uigiRD69/fTmeIbwWrjxvr0L+iSXVQjujfnuKxzHSmejdWohYASpZ3mrbiV6mlBTkqKkEhZk86FFp1YpKMvBoxm8kQk/KNyBEQXlyT7alGSvHG/nbl5au8uKO/juaxtsp5xLkuPFQRIJUdj/kirDgKStSlL20qErO4n01Lg/ZcVH0aNKuieDri3CpYiVOQB28jyqM56wtbhPnDq1JJE+brSSkk8vCs1cvIZ3JTKXDBO/Mftoj5O8ZbZE5a4vUFVo3pSiD2pKlk+gAVUMGq3JillUdkJlHLrLPBy2urBh5I+dVdtglfdvoUSRv7qnssnZY7Fv2t48vz/raVWYDbTigknrQAT4HurL5DKP21q09bFAK1EHUnVtzrXcKWJv+Cs1lb+3l9GotnTpE9FsY7jqT7a3jB6UvBk5xU37J7C+udCXLW5fIUARpeV7Nj76sjJ5RoyjJXyJ3jplEH1E1gWX0NO9C4nS43pStIO4IMEbUUt3luBPRXDqNl7BZ7DIrnlilF7M6FKM1dGuVxFfMmFXjjpI21oSqPaPRSt8Q3iylx11KYHWSpluVTynqTWPF5cKcSfOHt9CiCqZJ2J3FO6S4K5U+skr0xt3eimlNeSHCL8GnczOTKW1h5tCCk9VFs3q1TtHU5R30rHEWRBUfOn9KSQdKUp5bnkBWaQ88SSXSTpVERI5HuqNu4uCuC8sJET1o7RTet+RRxwXg1jGdyr6Vn5QujCoHXI28d+fopflxLqri0yWSuEJUmA2odMl4kKMHUYjYDcdtYe7dWhTry7hbjZ1BLcyE+PjR/hLGW1/i8rfXLC5ZQFMLCNjDbkn0SInvqoYndt2KU4JVQAXlXXeK2bjpkpUx0PRnmltKYIG/YN+db0cRsKdHQXrSb19UqbaYSkjnuVgQrYD21g8zkLN7hjE2zLTfnjK3lPuAJ1KBPVBPPbx9VXrzDMDydWeYYCzdygKieqnWsHf+jW08WvyYxmldo3vyvfJHXcSobSHGUH600xWU6Vawu1sHSBsF2TRmef4NebYjIvlk6Lu5CujMy6o/bV8ZPIISE+calBcCUpMbc+UmuV48kXWo6KhJXRuE3bKlpC8figkc/vJv4UinbcrJRj8RKkpJT5iggbmSDG/Ll2VimsreLuAhbv0DJWW08hPhUb+XukOWoYeGpwaVDo07EmO6mlk4shqJrnL5LDrQZsMYlSpUhaMeyDI37U7emp/l++fWoKWyQ31B8w2I8AdOw5Vir7I3jfSIt3CXBEdQbjaRyrra6vUhaXFrShfWQUkDaBvt4mm45HG9Q4qMZcHoHy5fsoK1XbvRpPW0q0wO3lzoLmshjczaMqBZfyexSHQUKQSCdJcTuR3isRxPcPvXirdl1xwEhCWwpRKlECBFHOJ2k4nhzDZOxaSl5akBzWkxq6Lt7+2niwSS1XbYp5IW1Rbw7CbR1a79i16UFOkJfW6gDcSoHnE8vTR0X7SFFFunFuJABBZtmlJjcc9NYLH3y8qll2/CQXFhpRQIhJVBPvNEeIrMcP5Zm1tLt1DBYK5SqZUFKB8OYpSxyk34ZcXFJeTVC7ZHXOPxpMc/NEp/uxVV84txBD+JsQiZ6qnUfUvlWX+Un1NwbjpISk9ZKTufVXP3K3lKSstKSXAiIPYJnnUKGRPktqNGlxt/jcU+H8bhbYLVIKjcOkQY5gqPcPXVJtGHZffAwNmghXSKi5f7ZI/C27dqBuXRbKFr0Q7KAEA7TsJ3qJi+d86YQhhsKKuZUoxJgmJ32762Wut2YOMbNg/f2V6rp7rCYxT6gI19ISRz3Gvxmrljd2IB6PE4tA5dW1T/AIp7ayb9+82NtAIKt9PYPXQ5GbuyyX/OG0AEIBQgBXKs9GSXDo1+i5PQX8vYl0W18jGsIdSpW7CAkJHOSBt6q2nkdLSGs23ZG3Vb+cNAEPlSt0knb3jwrwjhdAz/ABEu3vXnXdbJglZmRBPuB2r1zyG2zls/xUy8ClTd+Ex4BJA90V04MLhy7Zy5sikqij2pKm9xoaJTt1tz30iktCJt2FCf4OqiLfpLNx9BOtvfaombhwxLiiPHetlF+DmtBF1xt1tCXbdtSUHq7kR76awtpoqCLdIChBBcVuKo+dObAFO/hFOS+ZHVQr206aF/oxvljaxTXDlo7fW9wptN0FBKLjSQdCo/BNeS2tnhFtpdbx9yNJGysgTvE9iN969J8tt4pPDVpLSFhy6CCFExGhVeH2+QIZIDLYCTICl894ArnyKV7HRi4NezaYVautiUlMDd28dPb4R40STZYVhKCMNYwBzUHFRHpV41gHM7cIK1MtWwCJHWCjtIHf41SymevlY/99FKngQoJA2EkQO6sdGSXDo6LhFWzW5/G4y5wvn2Hs3HHFqgWtm8QpSZIJ0kKIiOyh/CLjWJvErt7dbN68ktONXbgUhAVA0r6oJ5DbkJ9NV22fknCWOVSF3LdwltrQFx0ZIIPvSRVTDoF1ekuL09MvTqJgAq/wAitHqhGv8A0UYxnKw6+u2tHVMDDYYkAboClpj8oOU69y1vfKZ89xFk4WkaErQp1sgdxIVv6/GsxmmHsFfi1S8dJQFg7GQRv65keqohkn0IglCiee0GdyeRo0z9laocNBzJ8CWtowp/EPOZXTuWUvhp6PBBRv6jQgWF3pKPubyRSTyNzEdn4lFflhl7M3QaT0VuEoLKEDkNO8+M0KvcpaW10tDoKSet9CZBqo5Zt6WrZi8EIq1KkEsVhXLgrF9bsYlsJ0g316oqUPBKUkn07UaVwxYuGWczhiuB9N99P2UKOYxLmLUi3tyL4MakuTGo85IqGzWbi3Q62o6YJKRvvUvJJf1NIYIy/sF1cJXKlK81Xw4+TH+83RMbDnFRL4NzyRpaweFuAOt1cipU/wBsUPLhV2AnuPYaqgEuFEqCgNzyFKOf9BLpq4kEV8IcSghf3HY5aQZ6tyo//lqW84Z4tusN5icI4yw3pIQhxIACQdiSrsmhnSXDbZhRJI2BUrb2VXZfuLhZ6Yq0Jc0o66hy7fEdlad3Vu0Zdlw8j1eT3iq4tNsQ4NQBGp1sf4q1uT4e4uyuLtbe4sbZhdq4gta7ptCQkJ0kSlUjsrMu3LpWQpbiiQSdZMkb+NCbnIrDiobPcBMxQsl8IHjryakcEZ3fXjOD0DvVcx/jp6OD7xve5d4Kt9o/fTh+pVYt++uCwUwYUI5UKcL7rvV1knYR2VspOXJg4aOGeos8N2zf7rmOGGz/AMHzpf8AiqynA2aRHy9iFCdQ+9rmAfTrrz7D2t11FuLdCQZgE7+EVqWLlDCwu8SvzRPWX0SuuRHYCNq5p5GnSSOzHiuNtsmuuH71gqVj28FkEwSpTV86hQHMkoWoH2TQ/wAwv1g6sbiTsBAySv1quXV3isgu1fs2H2W2wohbqyXNYVzBHLbsHjQrI8WW1tduMLYfUW1EEggA+MU9cpOox3FLHGKuUmrCdtw3d3o1HEYlLRVu4rLqQmfWd/VR3G8PZiwsLmyxt7h7e2uirpmhkQ4VSnTIUpIPqpljksUvFrNw1cuP7qS4zyQmBpHdE9/fVGxujeWSHgkJ1AE9w7/VWUs81H8SodOm/wAtwfeeTziF20Q2wzY3BSomG71o/aKK43hzjVnh9/Cu2Tvm1zrSuXEKEEAAlQJIAgVyXCoDQpOqeaeYqNvIFm5WlxxaAkfSiN/VSj1W1JCfStO2wgrgfOMkoYxWPLCQAgqt2lKPpKhNL9yebRqHyNYq7QegaHZ4RVZvJ3aHCEXT+lSux0xHtpyczeqSsIvbobkdV5QI8edHeT5HolHZDjwnnFAFHD2PKo3HRtj2daqt9wfxZpa814cx6jzX1kgE94647KeM9kWE6Hby5UgI06lvKJ8VHfnvULmVfUhJVe3AETs8pUdm9aLKo71Zm4yltdFf7juMkbq4Yxyv+cE//lqdvhDiOPvjC8PW4P8ADZAp9sOmq/Tm4WE9M8opO5JO9clWlcadRO0pMih9Ul/UI9NJ8yLJ4OulJIujwohO8gX9wqD2/RJq5jsRkMXjchZYrI4RTV2D0jDV0vrAoKYSpxO3M8zVBsOpcdLy0qa1jo0p20x49/OkssnYNXd0jIu3LbaAnT0AEq5zJPLs5eNL5E5bRSL+LGP2kzz3KsXNlkXbe8aWy+jZTax4bekejY1sMVkr/IcM2/DDNi3cphLwSHChUayo6lTCU7791GXspavcN8Q25eQWvNlqYDpEjcgAT2xBgdtZbhS5SxbvKdSCp91GsAbKQIgH31v3fpqOeOBrJpNRj+DmWWj091gLZREaPPn3SPCUiPfVpzhYKWTb3vDLvbCr64bPvFR5PJ4t59CMO04wekWhYLhUNhtHd21ScSSI5zzk1zPPK94nXHp9tpF5XCOZWpSre0wL87w3ll7+0iobrhPil15t9fDtk8tsAJLeRnly21VXabgytaJJ2gT305xUtqAAGmASnaf2011K/wASX00v8iBzAcUtrhXCC1qPal9ap7uS6b8hcTr2PBbuyQANTnL1L8KeLq4E/POhJkp0rKSB7aQ3N84ypC766BCxJDqkiAeQ33qlmg/6kPHkWyZXc4T4kuVFY4MKHJ1a+kWkg94lyieS4Y4vyHC9piV4hfRspb063EJKVAmd9XcTVZd+4SekuXyCJnpFQPaaqOX0tKUlSgNpUqVdsDYmqWb0jN4vb5LNp5Ps+zYpaebtGFAzK7xAjfwNaHiLh45hy3N9d4q06LV1Wr2NRVEqMIO8yfXWaC1pVDkEE/TOw28Ke06XQdA7YBrF52naR0xw3Gmy6eDrRsEMZbHrUY53Tkbct+irO5Rm+x90WVYW5f3Kku21wXW19kgpR7jBokrKosr1hDslnVLvW30gGYq3kOJMekpeYW7bWpASYKiVLE77ez1VUcs+XGyZ4lwpADHJydy+2xb8PXKCoEan3FoQkdpKlJAHprR2/DlohaXbjI45D6YhLKrh4DbvAAoY7xHa3IIYuHVtxJkKAKvXRFWVt12DQ82Dbp0o6bUAFKETtPaD76c8s/EaCGFPdyJnOHrZ4FKMtjNwRDguUc6rfcQtxBSy5w08OYC764T9cVIiXDsqEgjrJ51OVKiQUxHI9lZLqpR8Fy6ZS/sQY3g/M2d9avWLeDZLD4dPm2SJ1dhlKyewkeuvX/JpiMqr5Yurq0tmnHltAhq4SsK0pInY84geqvIlLSI2SQTJBHZXp/kXSlONyxCUg+cIiN/wT21tj6lzlujnydP247M9QsLS8tyqWCpKhBGob1W+SH0mEWr+5/hURFIlRSdo7qWQZAAInkDXWpUcck7FGMudX73Wn8p5FP8Akx0SSGk+l5PwqGPADvpUiJACfVT1hpZi/K7gUXfD9o0/f21skXM6lvT+ArYQkzXkzvB+MQkkZ5tbhiEoaVpHr0z7q9V8rySrA2cairzoGf6Cq8UyOY8yu7dlJSo6wXQeekbkezauLJkk56Yo7sONaLkwDnLJvDrUzc218tt2YdZuULSuDJg6JHPkd67h7EM5y6BtLW+aatyFLfubttDaO6SUbnwG9Gb/AIstXehdtFfJ6dJSQ0pSdYmd47vtpruZWu0Wp1111YEpWuVc+4mtO9KK/HcXx4zf5GowlpYWPD+Rw+RzCLu1uiSno7VXzajvKTt2wdu0eNBBwviwwEJ4kjeSV2Dg+o0MHEDamU2qmE+cBI+dmPWfSKtG4QpI0wSRtvNYyyZPKN4YoLhhnNYLE5jHWjRz1m1eMRquCy4Asdspjt2PPmPGhf8A8P2ykKa4nxa95gnTP5x8KhBKkhQHWFRPupWsBZ0udhVsNqFnlxRMunXNgPLKRY8WLt2z1GwllUd4Tv7DQ7iJsKeZcTG6dJ9R/bQp24cXcrfcUVOKXrUo8yZma1Vjj0Zq9srRS9CHVha1/ioiVH2V2NaJKRxxl3YyiGcXw+wzwkjJ3Y0ui0UtMnsIMbd5EVkLB/odIClJ0LEwY2mPtr0rygXTdthkWlskKS7CdAP4CYhIjv2HqrB/ctnLh115jGFpp36KekQgAegqkVGJa02ysknjaS8FzzpaekKX3NiCOR227/XSOXL4WooUiEiesgAx6vXXfc9m0CXLBW6YJDqD/irncRlwE67FfIpPWT8fE1PbNl1CaLRfWXSghtXKCURG/p8RUSbhxIZUAgk8pKoHv7xFNRZ5ElsKsXSpPMBSe70+AqQ2V8lC1LsX0wuUkkfjTHP01Kx14H3k/JGl91YLgZaCgkzzkiJ7/GrLdv0jsQkKCCqdO/YfqNMtbS8SFhdk/pIAOwjmR39xFXLSzv0Os6rK5BiFRH4sd/oqZRa4KjkjXIOdYKC4lRA0r0kkfyo+qlCPnoS51AAZECNyD2eiidzi8k4bhxvF3UOJkHRz6o+0VXVhsxILWLvlTMjoyYJg1UUwc4gsrWlKdTy1EkT1uWxBEDxq3w5am/yTVqsArWuSB2jSZ+r305zhriBbZ6PD5AnVIHRR2yKP+TrFXlhmLx3LWqrK4QhIaVc9SdRIISO0x7K0UNrZi8u9Ip5+wbwbtpatAgLQVEHfmdvqNef58A5V8jkqD7q3HlCyJf4sukheptjQ0k9+kbn0STWGy6ukvNfekT76eGNTZPUy1YkvR6Nwjg3cxgGLsPhDTatJTqgr0pBiO4EzNY3hy6W26kJecQkqIISojsP216twolOI8mFu6tadYtHblQG6gXNUH2FNeaucP5R67afw2ByaLQttKGplRlUdYyfGarQmmkT3JJpsLjIPhwp841AuRC0JOxI8PGp37h5TNwp1NusNAKAUkidp5g+kVRRguISlQXhr8SQZ6Ejuq63h8sBcJXi75SlJhKSmN4O/1Vy9qvB2rNF+Sg5mVBYJt2ZSZ2UQDvSWedLz6kBgBKfHcjnExPOmuYHLlfWxtweRPIdvpp9rw/eWxDgs3y8qNSFBPVIB5GfRWqxQp7HM8knLkZd5hDzymFWqShX4QdMAcz2f5ilVkEOjSWm9SVBO6iJiR2c644C+VerWzZq0xASXED61d9WlYPJagVWon+fa7z/K8aHjXCQozdu2OS851QkNBK08oJIMA9/jUCby4buNKFpRpcKYSgAneIn1CrKsXkfmtVuiQkD98tDeI/G8KgdwOVW6takWQCnCrr5BkbT+VUrH+jd5YpckVxduLS4XH1kjTI1mBsCY99XuHsCOIHbxSIIbdaQRvvIVP1UOXwzleiUlt3FaTEAZJiZ/Orc+S8mxtn2XVIsnmblLT6SArpVpTMzPjzGxkVpHFp3Mp59WyPNeIXl2ramG1QguONqBEyATB9PcfGpcGodBbBXJakQPSqKH8QuFwpJ5lxxUek1ZxSym2tiPpAII9tEo/wAaFGX80v8ARq+MsCMEm1UpKC05dL2QhQ/B7Z9B27KG2rrYtLOHHdRT1oUfxSfritx5WVt3WMthaPNXa1XZQlCDulakKgyTsOXvrEWWFyCGbca8cNI3nIsg8o/GpOGqOxWPNplUid1xSbRxxLyipLkdYA7aoqBvJPpUrT0ak6AoEo2Jj01buMZdOY3oZsS+Ffg37J1DUT+NVJvCZLo1hKLc9UBMXbJ7h+NWSwt3sbPMvDJri9dQRszqKZJAJneO+oX7q7Rbre0sle0AgyZBPf6qW7xGRgKDLMAAEectd5J/CpVWV4plKehClJH8MjeExznxNUsVeDGWVN8lU3jzjCi42wCSBASSBuB3+n2VyH1KYuHGm2UADsQZMAneT3xVhGNvNPRpt1SVTHSoj6U9/dFO+SMim1uALNa3FJhMLRHICfpeBqtP6EpL2VWLm6dadK3Uo0JmQgbnf4U191TXSJ6Z0wjcajzPb6dqmtsFmyw4Dj3ipWxCSk6vYrxNQ3XDnEBCiMXeKBMzA38OdNY7G8ySsXh62ZyPFjNq4E6FMuDf8I6VHf2VDx3YjFvW1ok9SAsCI7x9dW8Jb32Du7RWRxVyw752FB9xEAI0kKSD37zU3lRVbXSMZdWr6nYLjJJEdUQUx/a9taKKUkczyNwexmMZ1WEjtKtq32WwzLfDhybSAs9G0tR57agCK8/tTobbIkbjevTeFr62ewBsL26ShaVKRCuSmyJPsJNYZdpWdeB/SjINLQptOgaStzYp2PP4CnPXj7SnA1dPoSkABOsnePH1U9ODvmkpDjuNb0qnSq+bQQN+wmRzpjmLuVurUbvE6SQY+UGvjTWMffj7LvnF2FtpRdFUJJMhJ7h3eJr1vyF3Dy8XlipxK5uGwOqBA0mvHra1dbLhNxYKVAibxrfmfxu+vXfIOwtGJyqSpggPt7ofQv8AA8DTx46ldEZckZRpM9R6ZY3JTtykUoUQAAoEDtIqPolfjNxP8IO/004oUdUKb5fwifjXRpaOLUhUOrWdyPUK4rXA6x8Y2rkNrAI1NSY/71PxrltLVyU0BHa6n40afQ9SPMPL/cFvhSxJWr99/jH8RVeA4Fba82wHAno1LSj6x9te9f6QONubvhaxQyu0BF6DLlyhA+grvNeCpxmRxpAV5uttwgFTVw27HiYJjnzpaNmPuPZF/jHE+bHHKbbKW1lTZA7FSCR7D7qjvn4ZQkiCTPPsrV3V3Y5DCKbu3kIulsC4QgjfpEzBHpgj11gMg/qfCUnkIrL8qXo3i3juT8mtXimnOGhkbdQW+GCvSBvsesPr9lBEQi3aRCezs7tz74o9whkWWUFi8d0MLSVBQEwrtB8CPqoff2DYyFycc+25aJUOj6RaUnSRMbnsO3qqIu7Rq/r9vZChxbbalpcKZJEBZ5xA981yn3lgBt9aiEkwYM7wOY9NI4w6GUJQbfUN1S8jnHp7zUGh4lcm2GqBPTo2A9fpqlD9EPMr5M7esO2l0/bvoUh1pZQpKhBBB3BHfRfDXCg2zpKgoEokHcUEcJK1EmSd5NW8eohBAJjVNdGSNxOLDJxkau4aGSsW7e6vkWqkKKkuLStfdt1QT31S+5SyVGnP2Sldv3q9t7U1KTKo7NQ98zU1ukaiI7a5I5JQVI9J4I5XbKR4TtAd87Zf1d34UqeE7Qf79sz/APTu/CiIA00xPNQ8Yo78wfR40UhwnZmR8vWe3/lnfhUg4TsAADnLdSuZi3cA9Q01bQJKp7KVIBcBPMCBR35gukxlQcJWB/3236rdz4U9XCNjt0fEDY23m1d+wVeb+n6qU9h7aj5E0X8PGUE8KWkiOI0D0Wr1SfctZjf7pBP/AKR3f31bpVgdETG4Ip/JmL4WMpnhqwSd+JFkdpTZOz/eqYWLNkyWbfKu3oUdWlTC29HiNRPP7KerZKSAJiuIHVPj9lTLPKSpjj00ISTQDz5Ub/WUwFBJB9Ag0FyBPSIPbEUczKQXVqjfSN6hwVu1d8TYa3uUBxl25QhaDyUCRtXXi8HB1O7aL9hk1dGLG6uktsFroC6CSEjTEkc9u4VM7hba8caQzxezcXC5JSpt+RtO53oZxYw1bcUZZm3Qltpu6cShCRskTyFM4ZJ+Wrfc8l/3TVP6JyREZPJKMZB1vgl1Q63ENpHP6D5/w0/7g1H/AH/b7f8AAeP2UatlqlPWPOPdRdACU7CIFec+tyI9H4WMxn3ApP0s9bz3G2dqZvgGx0dfMAnl1bdfwrTvE9IkTtMeqo0H5yJPI1L6zIxro8ZnU8A44Hr5bV/yF1E55PrTWSjNICOwGyWY9dacKPSJ3PIVYST0Y9MUl1uVA+ixsyCfJ7bGf9eNx/6FfxpT5PrTf/Xje3/kF/GtjcdUp07SOykIBWkEbHnT+dkF8HEYS74XwuOKRe5x3ryAUY8x711UceYxhQ3icgu6ZnWsuI6Ig7CIBMiAN6L8doSGLZQSAouKBI/JFZBWyCe2u/FN5IJy8nDlisM6ieoeTPGY/Jv5Vy/sWbwNhtTfnDQVp1aiYB79qF8f46xxPEKU2NuLe16Jt1Tbc6U7qnT3bCYol5IpCcrBI2Y5fkqoV5XNsyvc7Wjfb4qqG7np8G62jr8gS4ythkrc2l/dPss6gsqZbCySJgAGNt6baYDC3a1+bZW7gDVCrBJ2PLfWKyiSRyNaLhPdF1/Rrace1D6nNhl38tSCh4SxW/8ArS5Md1in/wDZSDhDExPyleR/6RH69FUGGkkczTGlHffsrj+Tk9npvo8XoHJ4PxIM/KF+oeFqgf46ceE8NEedZDV2fMI/Wq+XFaJ1GZqdpRLSCTuedS+pyewXSYvQFVwriJjz3IegMN/rV33LYgf7Xkf0LX61GV9VXV23qV0aUAjmSJpfKyew+Ji9AJHDWHHK7yX6Fr9anHhzDoBUbrKnt2Q0PtoxpTAMCq97+9XSI2SfqNOPUTb5CXS40uDNqusEynVbDNhyJHSPNlBI5SAO/wBdCLy7NwwlsFRCFSAfERVZYgCKNWdow5whlbpbSTcNXts2hztSlSXNQ9BgeyvT0q7PF1t7FRs9VtIO4q6cy0h5stMqRpSEkc5I7fXVS3SFPNhQkaapH93c7esRvv2ms4xUrs3lklFfUONjBXRSn5OvEulQClC8TKie0Aoo01w5gVCSzkp8Lhv/APXWawYBy1tI5OfYa3MwmubqM0sbSizp6THHIm5IHK4YwIBIYyJ37bhH6leveQnE421xWXFq1dBKn0E63kq30nlCRXmiuVer+RIAYvKR2vIP9k1liz5JSps3zdPjUG0j0HzO2/Ed/PHwrvM7aPoO/nj4VMBzrhyNdmqRwaIkAs7X+Dd/PHwpTZ2gn5t388fCpRXHlT1SHoR5n5ccdjH+GrFN2xcrQLwEBDyUmdCu0pNfP125w/ZPuNIw7zxQQNS74pUdu5KeVfQ/luE8O2M/xsf3FV8yZBKdBdj5xVw4FK7SBEUsUnKTthlioY00iycoX7uUtltuClCdU6R6aHLUXXirvNNt/wB0Ue0IJHsp7YEiraS4MYylLZhjHAKQs6tSdto5Huq8LLH3LSDcY1wugQp1Nwoa/GIgVTsAAgkDtP10dZAKSOwcq5pScZPSejCCnBagd8lYbSfvC5/rP/srk4vCzvYXJns86j/BRZCEkCQKUNI1KGkRWfdn7L7GP0f/2Q==
