##There are conflicting reports of Aerosol transmission, a possible 1% rate of new coronavirus infection, and 35 other news stories

Micro signal

What happened before the Earth was destroyed?

According to Dr. Syzygium aromaticum's real time data, as of Feb. 9,2020, there were 37,286 confirmed cases, 28,942 suspected cases, 2,692 new confirmed cases, and 3,916 new suspected cases in China. Among them, 6188 cases of severe disease, 813 cases of death, 2837 cases of cure.

Development of epidemic situation

1. There are different theories about the spread of aerosols. At the press conference of the Shanghai Leading Group for Epidemic Prevention and Control held on February 8, "Health and anti-epidemic experts have told us that the main transmission routes of new coronavirus are direct transmission, aerosol transmission and contact transmission, " said Zeng Qun, deputy director of the Shanghai Municipal Bureau of Civil Affairs, the National Health Commission (NHRC) has recently published the fifth revised edition of the COVID-19. The results showed that the main routes of transmission were via respiratory droplets and contact. The route of transmission, such as Aerosol and alimentary canal, "remains to be determined. ".

2. "false negative" frequent, the central guidance group experts recommended that discharge should consider the length of onset. Recently, there have been many cases of "false negative" nucleic acid test of new coronavirus, that is, patients themselves are infected with COVID-19, but the nucleic acid test report was negative. In order to prevent and control the epidemic to the greatest extent, many places have raised the discharge requirements compared with the discharge standards issued by the National Health and Health Commission, including the addition of fecal nucleic acid testing, extended observation time, etc. . The Beijing News spoke with Tong Zhaohui, an expert from the Central Guidance Group and Vice President of Beijing Chaoyang Hospital. He believes that discharge due to the time of onset, at least two weeks after the onset, review of imaging, two negative to consider discharge, and discharge should also be self-isolation, and follow-up.

3. The virus test showed a "false negative, " and experts recommended 14 days of isolation for those who recovered. Associate Director, Department of Internal Medicine, National Sun Yat-sen University, zhou Yuqi, an expert from the guangdong-hubei medical team, said: "medical staff should be really cautious in the management of patients' discharge from hospital. We are in accordance with the requirements of the "diagnosis and treatment plan for pneumonia with COVID-19 infection" in clinical practice. Patients not only need to test negative for respiratory pathogens nucleic acid twice in a row, but also their clinical symptoms should improve significantly. Ct should show that there is no inflammation before discharge from isolation. These three conditions can not be dispensed with without basically ensuring the patient's recovery,"Zhou Yuqi stressed at the same time, at present, the medical community's understanding of the new coronavirus is not deep enough. The above discharge criteria are only based on the current level of knowledge. Therefore, for safety reasons, hospitals usually keep discharged patients in isolation for 14 days to observe the change of body temperature and body temperature Doctors to discharge patients to follow-up, to ensure that the illness does not appear in isolation period of relapse, is really cured.

4. The disease mortality of new Crown Disease was first reported in Foshan, Hubei Province. On February 9, Hubei Province reported the latest situation of the new coronavirus pneumonia, and for the first time detailed statistics of the mortality rate in various cities in the province. According to the report, 780 cases died in Hubei Province, with a case fatality rate of 2.88% . From high to low, Tianmen had the highest case fatality rate of 5.08% with 10 deaths, followed by Wuhan with 608 with a case fatality rate of 4.06% .

5. A total of 80 doctors at Wuhan Mental Health Center, Foshan, Wuhan, China, were diagnosed with new pneumonia. According to the Weibo Account@china, an in-hospital infection has been reported at the Wuhan Mental Health Center (Wuhan Mental Hospital) . At least 50 patients and 30 medical staff have been diagnosed with new crown pneumonia, according to sources inside the hospital, which is the largest in Hubei Province. It is reported that the pre-medical personnel have no protective equipment, post-protection equipment although improved, but so far into the contaminated area of medical personnel still do not have three-level protective equipment, can only do secondary protection, face masks and other materials shortage. On February 6, one confirmed patient died in the ICU of the Mental Health Center. The deceased was an elderly patient.

6. Another confirmed case has been reported in Baodi Department Store in Tianjin, Florida, quarantining nearly, people. On February 2, Tianjin released information on five confirmed cases, saying they were all related to Baodi department store. One of the confirmed cases announced this morning has also been linked to the department store. Earlier, "Baodi Department Store Epidemic" has 194 sales staff and 9200 customers to take appropriate isolation measures. At today's press conference, the responsible person said that the number of customers who had visited Baodi department stores during that period had increased by 2,500, bringing the total to 11,700.

Kill. A new type of coronary pneumonia has been diagnosed in the front desk of KFC in Xi'an Fo. According to a report from the office of the COVID-19 in the Yanta District of Xi'an, an epidemiological investigation and follow up of a pneumonia patient with COVID-19 infection found that the patient had travelled on K1131 from Zhengzhou to Xi'an on January 12,2020, after arriving at the Xi'an Railway Station, take bus No. 5 between 16:00 and 17:00 to the Northwest Hydropower House 5-2-612. In the afternoon of January 13, go to the staff activity center of Dongyi Road, take bus No. 204 / 709 to and from Dianzhengjie station to Dianerjie station. Do not go out the rest of the time. January 14 between 22:00 and 23:00 take the No. 5 bus from Ziwu Road Station to Ziwei city, Sadovaya. On January 17, I was working at the front desk of KFC Zhuque restaurant (Yintai city, Xiaozhai) . My main job was to prepare food. The working hours were 10:00-22:00,9:00-10:00 every day by way of 214 / 709, take the No. 5 bus (Ziwu Road to Lagerstroemia Indica Garden Station) home between 22:00 and 23:00. The passenger is now a confirmed case of COVID-19 pneumonia.

Future Studies

1. Professor of epidemiology at Oxford University on the epidemic. According to an exclusive interview with "the intellectuals" by epidemiologist Chen Zhengming, a tenured professor at Oxford University, "In addition to using complex mathematical models to predict the real rate of infection in Wuhan, the available public data can also be used for extrapolation. It is reported that more than 1,000 evacuees from various countries in the virus nucleic acid testing found that the infection rate of about 1.5% . Similarly, estimates of the number of people from Wuhan and the level of infection rates during the Spring Festival in Wenzhou, Zhejiang, show similar results. In addition, the degree of underestimation of the number of infected people in Wuhan can be deduced by comparing the great difference of mortality level between the infected people in Wuhan and those in areas outside Hubei. If 1.0%-1.5% of the estimated infection rate, the actual number of people infected in Wuhan has been close to or more than six figures, far more than the number of people reported so far. It's also similar to what a recent study by Hong Kong scholars predicted."

2. A clinical study in central South Hospital revealed high nosocomial infection rate of new coronary pneumonia. According to a paper published Feb. 7 in The Journal of The American Medical Association, of The 138 patients admitted to The Jama from Jan. 1 to Jan. 28, about 41.3% of the patients had nosocomial infection, of which 40(29%) were health care workers and 17(12.3%) were hospitalized for other reasons. This may be related to the complexity of the early clinical symptoms of NCP (such as abdominal pain, diarrhea, dizziness and other atypical symptoms) , which means that non-front-line departments are also at risk of exposure. If the early "alarm" sounded in time, health-care workers may be less serious risk of infection.

Urban Prevention and control

1. The supply of living materials is stable throughout the country. On February 9, the joint defense and Joint Control Mechanism of the State Council held a press conference. Chen Da, deputy director of the National Development and Reform Commission, said that the supply of important living materials in key regions such as the country and Wuhan is guaranteed and prices are expected to be stable overall. Chen Da said that according to the latest monitoring data, on February 8, the retail prices of rice and flour oil in 36 large and medium-sized cities across the country were basically unchanged from before the festival, while the prices of pork had stabilized after a small increase, and the prices of eggs had steadily declined, prices for 15 vegetables are down 10 percent from their January 30 high. In the later stage, the supply of important living materials in key areas such as the country and Wuhan is guaranteed, and prices are expected to be generally stable. We will continue to strengthen monitoring, the contradictions between supply and demand of individual regions and varieties that may arise shall be solved in a timely manner.

2. All suspected patients in Wuhan Foshan were examined in two days. On February 8th, jiang Chaoliang, secretary of the CPC Hubei Provincial Committee and Commander of the provincial command for the prevention and control of pneumonia, said that "all suspected cases accumulated in the whole city will be tested in two days. " Also known as "complete nucleic acid testing of all suspected cases in Wuhan by February 7 at the latest" . There are currently more than 28,900 suspected cases in the country.

3. The first group of 30 people was admitted to Mount Thor Hospital in Wuhan. From February 8, Thor Mountain Hospital put into use, special admission to critical and critical illness, planning 1500 beds, the first batch of 30 people. The Huoshenshan Hospital, which opened on February 4, now has 286 beds and plans to have 1,000 beds, according to the "utilization of hospital beds in designated hospitals in the city" released by the Wuhan Municipal Health and Health Commission. As of February 8, a total of 9,312 beds have been opened in 29 designated hospitals in Wuhan. At present, Wuhan is divided into three levels of isolation, designated hospitals and temporary hospitals as the first level, shelter hospitals as the second level, requisitioned hotels, party schools, universities as the third level.

4. Foshan Wuhan University Central South Hospital takes over Raytheon Hospital. According to Hubei Daily News, 9 pm from Wuhan University Zhongnan Hospital, 8 night began to enter the Leishenshan hospital, fully take over the hospital. The President of Raytheon Hospital is Wang Xinghuan, president of Zhongnan Hospital of Wuhan University. It is reported that on the 8th night, Leishenshan Hospital received the first batch of referral patients, were admitted to the hospital infection 16 ward. The Ward is in charge of the medical team of Wuhan First Hospital. Parallel to the 16th Ward, the 15th Ward, medical staff from the Provincial Cancer Hospital have also been stationed. According to the previous plan, Raytheon Mountain Hospital by Wuhan Health Committee set up a special class for management. In order to facilitate the management, it was taken over by the central South Hospital of Wuhan University. The medical team already stationed in the hospital did not need to withdraw, and continued to carry out rescue work in their respective wards.

5. Medical care is in short supply at Mount Thor Hospital in Wuhan. February 9, Wuhan, Hubei Province. South-central hospital officials said that the current hospital framework has been put together, will focus on solving the problem of large gaps in health care. At the same time, according to the clinical experience and relevant national guidelines to ensure the normal operation of the hospital.

6. Wuhan is disinfected twice a day. To effectively reduce the risk of transmission of new crown pneumonia (NCP) , new Wuhan has launched a citywide disinfection and control programme for NCP. Starting on the 9th, a twice-a-day central disinfection campaign was launched across Wuhan. According to the unified plan, the city will carry out elimination at 10:00 a.m. and 4:00 p.m. every day, the key areas of elimination and killing are: city-wide medical institutions, centralized isolation points, sick families, close contacts'families, communities, key units (including supermarkets, hotels) , market markets, public toilets, Transfer station, etc. .

Kill. $1,000 reward for active treatment of fever, Florida, Shiyan. Fang County, Shiyan, Hubei issued the "fever patient consultation incentive notice" (No. 7) issued notice 3:1. Where fever personnel to the county and township designated hospitals active fever outpatient treatment, reward of 1000 yuan. 2. A reward of 500 yuan shall be given to the cadres (including working teams and village doctors) of towns, villages and groups who check and verify 1 case of fever. 3. The people who report fever and check it out will be rewarded 500 yuan for each case.

8. People from seven provinces, including Hubei and Zhejiang, were sent back to Wuxi Foshan. According to Wuxi news release, according to the spirit of circular No. 7, read as follows: from Hubei, Zhejiang, Guangdong, Henan, Hunan, Anhui, Jiangxi seven provinces personnel, all persuade back.

9. Practice in a public place called off in Henan Province. On February 7, the notice of Henan Province on strengthening the management of internship training for students during the COVID-19 epidemic prevention and control was released, all the schools concerned are required to attach great importance to the management of students'practice training during the epidemic prevention and control period. For the teachers and students who can not be withdrawn temporarily because of the off-campus practice training, all schools should regard it as the key object of attention and assign special persons to be responsible for it to prevent the "management blind area" . During the duration of the epidemic, all internships involving stations, airports, docks, supermarkets, hotels, pavilions and other crowded and mobile public places were stopped.

Medical Solution

1. Ribavirin, adjust your dosage. On February 8, the National Health and COVID-19 commission released a revised version of its guidelines for the diagnosis and treatment of pneumonia. The revised version adjusts Ribavirin's dosage compared with the revised version released on February 5, from "1200 mg / TIME, 8 hours once" to "500 mg / TIME, 2 to 3 times daily intravenous infusion" .

"Ribavirin" is a broad-spectrum antiviral drug, and the drug profile is consistent with "human respiratory syncytial virus disease. " . In the analysis of Clove Garden, it was pointed out that safety should be paid attention to when using Ribavirin. The main adverse reactions were skin lesions such as rashes, gastrointestinal reactions such as nausea and vomiting, type I hypersensitivity and hemolytic anemia. Welling is the most dangerous class x pregnancy drug in the FDA's pregnancy drug classification, and is banned for use by pregnant women. The WHO reported more than 8,600 adverse drug reactions related to Ribavirin in its database, involving more than 26,000 adverse reactions, including fetal abnormalities.

Peripheral influence

1. Cruise lines refuse to accept Chinese passports. Royal Caribbean Cruises Ltd. , the world's second largest cruise line, said it would no longer accept passengers with passports from mainland China, Hong Kong and Macau, and Norwegian Cruise Line announced similar rules. Passengers who have not been to China for months are still being turned away, sparking a controversy over racial discrimination.

2. Ministry of Agriculture and rural areas responds to feed shortage in breeding industry in Wuhan. On February 9, the joint defense and Joint Control Mechanism of the State Council held a press conference. In response to the feed shortage in the breeding industry in Wuhan, Kong Liang, deputy director of the Animal Husbandry and Veterinary Bureau of the Ministry of Agriculture and rural areas, said that the local feed production enterprises have been coordinated to resume production and work. The feed shortage in Wuhan is being alleviated and will continue to be paid attention to this issue.

3. University of Chinese Academy of Social Sciences Fires Teacher for making "inappropriate remarks" about the outbreak. On the evening of February 6, Zhou Peiyi, an external teacher at the Chinese Academy of Social Sciences University's School of Grammar and law, made the following comments on Wechat. On February 7, the Chinese Academy of Social Sciences University's School of Grammar and law issued a dismissal notice to Zhou Peiyi.

The media attention

1. The boss of Xiantao civil mask factory talks about the resistance of production. Hubei Xiantao mask factory boss through "Caixin FM" talk about production resistance, originally specializing in export, now face export blocked, domestic sales were closed state. Problems include rising prices for materials, job-hopping or fear of infection, not showing up for work, and lack of medical equipment. "since the export of medical devices was transferred to the domestic market, the cost of production licenses for domestic medical devices was very high, so we didn't do it all the time. We also operated without a license. Recently, we were ordered by the market supervision bureau to close down our business, but the civilian is a protective products, there was a civilian market, do not need a license, but now must be licensed, we export things can meet the standard of "disposable medical masks" , but there is no license. Many units want me to show the test report, but it is impossible to show the test report every batch to a third party. This cost and time are not allowed."At present, overseas customers also question the situation in the affected areas and consider buying from Vietnam, we may not be able to export overseas in the future.

2. Appeal for non-infectious Wuhan Patients in urgent need of medical attention to be transferred to another place. Zhang Hongjie, a scholar of Qing History at Renmin University of China, called for non-infectious Wuhan patients who needed urgent treatment to be transferred to another place via Weibo. "I call for new crown patients to be referred elsewhere, and many question it for fear of endangering the safety of locals. Well, this outbreak in Wuhan has also brought about serious secondary disasters. Many hospitals have been requisitioned for fever clinics, large numbers of dialysis patients, cancer patients who need chemotherapy, and other chronic diseases that can not be treated in time. These people are not a small number, in danger, no way into heaven no door, sitting in a wooden basin across the Yangtze River, was also persuaded to return. Can you organize a team to transfer them? Are these people contagious? This part of the patients can not be dismissed, to make an exception to give them a way out!"

3. Two suggestions on reducing false negative nucleic acid test. According to Douban@redrain, "This is my friend [ associate virologist at Rockefeller University ] based on the information he has gathered, and based on years of professional experience, he believes that kits are still in short supply, but misuse can lead to waste and misjudgment, and further delay the outbreak, so he would like to see more front-line personnel and kit manufacturers see it, even if it helps a little. "

The main measures are as follows: positive control during nucleic acid test in order to eliminate the possibility of operation error and keep communication with kit developers.

4. Sulfur dioxide pollution in Wuhan sparks controversy. According to Douban user@extremely quiet, the highest concentration of instantaneous sulfur dioxide in Wuhan was 1,342.27 micrograms per cubic meter, according to the relevant air quality monitoring website. This may be due to industrial emissions, the incineration of medical waste and the burning of dead bodies.

5. The Family Affiliated Hospital of Zhengzhou Education Department in Henan Province has refused to let medical staff who live in the area. According to Weibo User@baiybobcat, "Last night, in Zhengzhou, Henan Province, the Education Department's Family Affiliated Hospital, the property owners actually let them vote on whether or not to let the medical staff they rent back to live there, and specifically reminded that they should take a responsible attitude toward the hospital. Attached is a screenshot of the chat record! The result of the war plague vote: the owner of the No. 46 Hospital of the teaching and Research Office unanimously approved that the medical staff would not be allowed to go back to live there."

6. Four ICU directors explain virus. The latest report from Caixin, Interviewed Four first-line anti-epidemic director of the ICU in Wuhan, revealed the difficulties faced by the hospital as well as the specific medical treatment.

Kill. Wuhan schoolgirl strikes an iron fist for help. According to Weibo User@isle  , "HELP THEM! ！! My aunt shot the video to me, this is the real event of their community today, many help in vain, her mother because of pneumonia has no hospital bed admission, she can only at home to knock on the iron bowl to the NEIGHBORS CALL FOR HELP! ！! Neighbors called 911. They still don't have a bed for 120. Who can understand such despair! ？? As the people of Wuhan who are also under quarantine, we can only do so that more people can see Such things are still happening in Wuhan every day . Thank you for your help in forwarding"

8. United States House of Representatives hearing on the outbreak of coronavirus pneumonia (I). According to Weibo User@hongxiu Tianfan ING, "China is on the front line in an all-out battle with the COVID-19, with exhausted healthcare workers and a serious shortage of testing tools and personal protective equipment such as face masks, goggles and gloves that have to be rationed. At a time when many Chinese people are suffering from disease, anxiety and uncertainty, it is important and timely for American public health professionals and health care professionals to reach out to China and provide humanitarian and technical support. The support will boost the morale of Chinese colleagues, serve as an international witness for health care workers on the front lines of the epidemic, and help provide technical support for the latest antiviral drug clinical trials. I am encouraged to hear that the CDC's Beijing Office will be organizing a medical team soon."

9. Grass-roots work is too difficult to solicit solutions. According to Douban, the difficulties facing grassroots work include: 1) How to end panic; 2) how to supervise the return workers; 3) not cooperating with the temperature test; and 4) scaremongering.

10. I hope that the leaders at all levels will seriously consider the decision to close the area. According to Weibo User@hubai, "The evils of gated communities. First, it indirectly increases the chance of people gathering, thus increasing the probability of human-to-human transmission. Second, if an epidemic breaks out in a community due to the transmission of couriers, it would be relatively easy to screen people who used to be isolated at home, as long as they track the delivery routes of couriers. Now, "the difficulty of screening has increased to an exponential level... for the elderly, single mothers with small children, people with disabilities and chronic diseases in the community, a gated community is no doubt forcing them out of their homes... and finally, every time they are forced to travel, they consume a mask... "

Kill. Questions on bureaucracy and formalism by the staff of the grass-roots town and street organs. According to Weibo User@fanruchen, who plans to die alone, "The whole street, facing the risk of infection, braving the whites of the people's eyes, clenching their teeth, and passing out more than 1,000 people who had recently worked in a foreign market, did not see a direct city official really come to help us visit. They all came to take a photo and left. The public accounts seemed to be very busy. The real working town street cadres and community workers did not have time to take photos and engage in flashy propaganda.

"And one leader checks in the morning and another supervises in the afternoon. When the leaders come to inspect and supervise the town, they have to wait on them, even if they can't visit them, they have to wait on them. And the secret investigation team asked the public every day whether we had gone to the platoon... a community of only five or six workers, thrown into the various communities are not a splash... do not believe our words you do it yourself?"

12. Student dormitories are being used in controversial way. According to the Weibo Account@campus, "some students complained that the university had not even given a notice to convert the student dormitory building into a hospital room... "

13. Expansion of Shanghai Public Health Clinic Center in Xiaotangshan. A temporary medical housing project for emergency treatment at the Shanghai Public Health Clinical Center has been launched, according to documents posted online.

All News and news sources in this article can be viewed at the following link: https://docs.google.com/document/d/17gthexyberm0qs9dsjlne9uip2debyblt6awktxyk1g/edit  , COVID-192.8

Go to "discover"-"take a look" browse "friends watching"

Sent

####Send it to take a look

Sending

Leave a message

A scan of wechat
Pay attention to the account


-------------
title: There are conflicting reports of Aerosol transmission, a possible 1% rate of new coronavirus infection, and 35 other news stories
source: suo-you-de-yu
authors: _
editors: _
proofreader: _
photographer: _
translator: _
via: https://github.com/2019ncovmemory/nCovMemory
link: https://mp.weixin.qq.com/s/b3UwuBaM9kJnU6yWQ9i1cw
archive: http://archive.ph/Sxi2v
snapshot: https://github.com/2019ncovmemory/nCovMemory/blob/master/archive/jpg/649.jpg
lead: We've picked up the big news for you on the day of the new pneumonia
cover: data:image/jpeg;base64,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
