##Nobody

Micro Signal biz-leaders

Function introduction, define Chinese commercial power

Author: Wang Lu Guo Ruyi
Source: biz-leaders

Author: Wang Lu Guo Ruyi

Source: biz-leaders

Ignition, clutch, gear, handbrake, gas..

As soon as the van started, the nobodies knew they were outlaws.

They bear too many human lives, have their own, have family members, have colleagues, as well as the thousands of doctors and patients in Hubei.

In the long winter night, they have to race against the virus, to fight against time.

Before this trip, they were a bunch of nobodies, nobodies.

After this trip, they're still a bunch of nobodies, nobodies.

If on a winter's night a traveler

As soon as he entered Hubei, Zhang put a gas mask on his head.

The gas mask cost $300. As for the mask and the suit, he was already armed.

It was January 25,2020, the first day of the Lunar New Year. He drove a van with Tianjin plates, which had traveled more than 1,000 kilometers. Open space. Tired. I'm a little nervous.

He just spent his New Year's Eve in a van.

Best Express driver Cheung Chi Keung

It has been five days since the COVID-19 was confirmed as "human-to-human" , and two days since Wuhan declared "lock down" -- as if Zhang Zhiqiang knew something about the epidemic.

Zhang Zhiqiang, 28, is a logistics driver for best express. On New Year's Eve, they had already had a holiday, and he was preparing to return to his hometown in Cangzhou, Hebei Province for the New Year. Before setting out, I heard from my colleague that there was a batch of materials urgently needed to be sent to Wuhan. Without thinking too much, he got the leader to sign up and take over the task.

At 9 p.m. he went back to his apartment, took a shower, had a meal, and packed a few simple things. At 10 o'clock, he picked up the goods from Wuqing in Tianjin. "As soon as I got into Wuqing, they gave me a sprayer to sterilize my car. "

There's 1,200 vials of disinfectant in that car. Zhang's 4-meter-long van holds the heat, so the disinfectant won't freeze.

"after setting out, I took the Daguang Expressway, passed through Shandong and Henan, and then went straight to Hubei, which is 1,280 km from Wuqing. "

Before leaving, Zhang Zhiqiang called his parents, both party members, to support his decision, but repeatedly told him to pay attention to their own safety. He later learned that he was the first Tianjin City rushed to Wuhan delivery of emergency supplies logistics drivers.

"I'm young, I'm resistant, I'm not married. I think it's a good thing to do, so let me do it, " he told business people.

When Zhang Zhiqiang set out, Chongqing driver Xiao Jianbo had just finished his Chinese New Year Dinner. He in the Shentong Express Wechat work group to see the news, to transport a batch of materials to Wuhan. At this time the group of colleagues have been very eager to sign up, he immediately called the captain, want to undertake the task.

Later that night, he and a colleague were informed to leave for Chongqing Shuangfu International Agricultural Wholesale Market. The two trucks were loaded with 40 tons of vegetables, Broccoli, celery, cabbage and so on. At 10 a.m. on the first day of the Lunar New Year, he and another colleague set off from Chongqing on their way to Wuhan.

On New Year's Eve, a total of 729 cases were confirmed in Hubei. First Day, 1052 cases.

The virus is running from Wuhan to Hubei to the whole country; the life-saving car is running from the whole country to Hubei to Wuhan.

In Hunan, Debon, a Chinese New Year delivery driver in his hometown in Taojiang County, Yiyang, made early preparations to rush back to Changsha the next morning to deliver a truckload of supplies to Huangshi Central Hospital. When he signed up, he told his wife, Peng Jiali, who also works in Debang, that 2020 is just the beginning, and we should do something meaningful. Wife Answers: "If you want to go, I also go with you! "

Debon, a delivery driver, and his wife, Peng Jiali

In Xi'an, He Jianwen and Zhu Kun, transport drivers for Zto Express, signed up on wechat group one after another to take on the task of delivering medical supplies to Tongji Pufang Hospital in Red Cliff, Hubei Province. Both are veterans, they say, and that's how the army has always taught them to "go for anything. ".

In Jiangxi, Yu Lianhua, a zto express delivery driver who lives in Shangrao, signed up to deliver supplies to the Hubei epidemic area and will drive more than 200 kilometers back to Nanchang on standby.

The epidemic is severe, all over the country's transport drivers at the moment to come forward, enthusiastically assume the task of transporting supplies to Wuhan. Many of them, joined by Ali rookie built the green channel, loaded with epidemic areas in need of a variety of medical supplies, to the Hubei Gallop.

Walk with a load

He Jianwen and Zhu Kun set off from Xi'an on the second day of the Lunar New Year. The transportation process was a little tortuous.

They were transporting supplies such as face masks, protective clothing and medical gloves to Tongji Pufang Hospital in Red Cliff, Hubei Province. By the time they arrived, there were 14 confirmed cases in Red Cliff, all receiving treatment here.

Zhong Tong Express driver he Jianwen

When they reached the south Red Cliff toll booth, they were told that the road ahead was closed and that the entrance to the station was blocked.

The toll booth workers were so eager to see that they were delivering relief supplies that they pulled out their cell phones to help track the route and told them they could turn around and go to the West Red Cliff toll booth.

However, when they arrived at Red Cliff West Toll Gate, they were stopped by staff because they did not have a pass. Less than 20 kilometers away from the hospital, but watching the material was blocked, unable to enter, the two drivers worried.

Along the way, the highway service stations were closed, they did not eat a meal on the road, only to drink hot water against. Regardless of hunger, two people found before the departure team captain to give them the Wuhan New Crown Pneumonia Emergency Command phone, and according to tips, try to contact the local headquarters in Chibi.

Several Times, they got a mobile phone number, as requested, to the list of goods, vehicles, pictures and description of the past. In less than 10 minutes, the phone rang and they were finally cleared.

On the third day of the Lunar New Year, Ri Shun logistics driver Guang Tao, who set off from Qingdao with 9,000 protective clothing to Wuhan Tongji Hospital, encountered the last thing long-distance drivers wanted to encounter: bad weather.

The 9,000 suits on board were donated by dupont to Tongji Hospital. Because can not find the logistics company, only to the rookie logistics platform for help. Through the company, Qiguangtao took over the task.

He and his companions set out in the wee hours of the morning, alternating every 300 kilometres or so. But as soon as the sun came up, it began to snow. The car arrived in Jiangsu, Anhui Province, the snow under more and more big. After 3:30 a.m. , the snow finally slackened, but it began to rain and fog over the mountains, obscuring the road.

They had to slow down to be safe. Didn't arrive at Tongji Hospital until after 1:00 p.m. We drove almost nonstop for 13 hours, eating a few apples and drinking a few cans of coffee.

"probably people have a thing, they don't feel sleepy, " Qi said.

By that time, service stations in Hubei had been largely closed, and almost every driver was hungry. Xie Chaofeng luck, he said fortunately his wife careful, with a meal, although not enough for two people to share, but the quality of insulation bucket is good, send supplies, Rice or warm.

"I'm a legend. "

Xie and his wife remember the road as empty as if it had been set up for us. Once in Hubei, highway junctions are all checkpoints, pull up a few police cordons to stand by, "feel the atmosphere immediately tense up. ".

On the second day of the Lunar New Year, Huangshi had 36 confirmed cases, and Huangshi central was one of the two designated treatment hospitals. In order to protect them, the hospital finally did not let them to the hospital district, but found an open space, the material transferred to a few private cars, transferred back to the hospital.

He Jianwen uses "American blockbuster" to describe what he saw and heard at the time. He was born in Xi'an, but for many years he traveled from place to place, becoming familiar with many parts of Hubei, including Wuhan. Hubei, on the other hand, was unlike anything he had ever seen: The cities he passed were quiet, and many people were wearing protective clothing where they could see people.

"It used to be nice to go to the service area in Hubei, where the food was good and the people were warm. Now you feel like you're in an empty city, " he said, reminding them of the movie "I'm a legend. ". In that movie, the whole city is infected with a virus, leaving the hero living alone in the city.

Zhang Zhiqiang, the gas-mask-wearing driver, arrived in Wuhan at 3 pm on the first day of the first lunar month.

Under the Highway Junction, the traffic police looked at the list of goods, see is medical supplies, the immediate release through. He did not dare to delay, and soon arrived at the Donghu New Technology Development Zone, the address of the rendezvous that had been agreed upon. Instead, the warehouse was full. Zhang Zhiqiang hurriedly found another two warehouses, finally in 20 kilometers away before the delivery of this batch of disinfectant to each other.

He remembers being told on the phone that you were coming from the north and you were fine, but we were in a bit of danger, so we spoke on the phone. When he got off the truck to unload the goods, he kept a distance of four or five meters from the other party.

When Zhang Zhiqiang pounced on Wuhan, it was the third day of the city's "closure" . As of 10:00 pm that day, including Hubei, 30 provinces across the country had launched a first-level response to major public health emergencies. At the heart of the outbreak, Wuhan's hospitals are declaring a shortage of protective materials, and the city is anxiously awaiting more aid.

After 13 hours of driving, Qiguangtao finally arrived at its destination —— Tongji Hospital in Wuhan.

As one of the best hospitals in Wuhan, Tongji Hospital has been under great pressure since the outbreak of the epidemic. Protective clothing and N95 masks are always in short supply. Received the telephone Qiguang Tao, the hospital counterpart overjoyed, did not expect to miss the protective clothing so quickly sent.

However, because the hospital really can not spare manpower, the original plan at the junction of the highway to transfer, temporary instead of directly to the hospital. According to the donors before departure, Qiguangtao and his companions put on new protective clothing, according to the navigation opened to the Tongji Hospital.

Turning into the hospital parking lot, "a door on the silly eyes, the heart click a moment. ". He saw that all the medical staff and the delivery personnel, all wearing protective clothing, wearing goggles, masks and shoe covers, from top to bottom wrapped tightly.

"It was such a powerful scene that I was immediately nervous. "

He was relieved when he entered the loading and unloading department and saw that the doctors there were wearing only face masks.

In Wuhan, Tongji Hospital, Xiehe Hospital, Zhongnan Hospital and Provincial People's Hospital have been considered as the four best hospitals. The outbreak of the hospital, has also been affecting the parties. On the sixth day of the Lunar New Year, a batch of medical aid from Heilongjiang, Inner Mongolia and Hainan was collected at the Zhongtong Jiangxi Nanchang Transit Center. At 5 pm, Yu Lianhua, who had been on call for four days, drove the supplies to the Wuhan Union Hospital.

Yu Lianhua, zto express driver

As he set off, the company provided him with an N95 mask and disposable gloves, and repeatedly told him to protect himself. In Xiehe, Yu Lianhua was most impressed by "urgency" .

"there were a lot of people at the hospital during the unloading and they were very anxious. Some of the cargo was offloaded and used on the spot. I felt at the time that they were very short of these materials and needed them urgently, " Yu told "business figures" .

Quarantined

Zhang Zhiqiang had a little trouble on his way back.

Wuhan was effectively closed off. The police told him that the area of Hankou he was going to pass through would be completely closed that day. He had been trying for hours to find a way to the highway since about nine o'clock in the evening, either by blocking it with a large iron plate or blocking it with a mound of earth.

By then, the checks on people leaving the city were already extremely strict. There are traffic police and medical personnel at every intersection in the city. Every passing car is checked and any person with abnormal body temperature is immediately pulled away by an ambulance. After passing four checkpoints, Zhang got on the expressway around 3 am the next day.

He told "business people" that when he returned to his hometown in Cangzhou, Hebei Province, he burned all the clothes he had worn on the trip to Wuhan and then isolated himself at home. Although the body did not feel unwell, but he heard the news that the virus has a 14-day incubation period, so do not dare to underestimate. "My hometown is a bungalow, I live in a house, my mother lives in a house. I cook and eat by myself, so it's more convenient to be isolated. "

Xiao Jianbo, who set out on the first day of the Lunar New Year, returned to Chongqing the next day. The city of Banan District had them sequestered in a farmhouse resort under its jurisdiction, with food and laundry delivered. They heard that the mayor of Banan District had ordered that the driver of the food delivery service in Wuhan should be taken care of.

Shentong express driver Xiao Jianbo

The plain-spoken Chongqing driver repeatedly said that he had just completed a very ordinary transportation task, which in fact did not help much, but made a little contribution to the people of Wuhan. Since the departure, he said, six other colleagues have been on standby.

Xie Chaofeng and his wife set out from Changsha on the afternoon of the second day of the Lunar New Year. After Huangshi had handed over all the materials, it was nearly 11 o'clock in the evening. They set out on their return journey that night. "The hospital there is also very practical, said now stay you for one night, you will not agree. " Xie Chaofeng laughed.

They thought they might have to go back in isolation for two or three days, but they didn't think it would take half a month. At the moment, they are home in self-isolation, the two are looking forward to the end of isolation, go home to take a good look at the 8-month-old children.

He Jianwen and Zhu Kun Return, two people about the separation, he Jianwen said, isolation is for our own good, but also for colleagues, friends, family are good. After getting off the highway, they were directed by traffic police to a designated parking lot, then boarded a 120 ambulance and taken directly to the quarantine zone. On the 120 bus, two fellow soldiers took a Selfie.

What he Jianwen misses most is the village 80 old mother. During the quarantine, he wrote a letter to his mother, saying, "you must eat well, and when I come back next week, I will cook for you. "

Qiguangtao on the way back to Qingdao felt tired, "after all, the night before the car, the road did not rest. " The fourth day of the New Year after returning, he also self-isolation to the present. He said jokingly that he had always wanted to have a rest when he worked, but now that he was really free, he felt so uncomfortable. He said he would still go to Wuhan if he needed to next time and his body would allow it.

February 6, after 10 days and nights of hard work, Wuhan Raytheon Hospital began acceptance and ready to hand over. As of September, more than thirty-seven thousand people had been confirmed to have been infected. The situation remains critical.

Yu Lianhua, who set off on January 30, will be the last of the drivers to be released from quarantine. More than a decade ago, he and his family visited Wuhan, Yellow Crane Tower and other scenic spots. In the future, he said, he would go to Wuhan again, perhaps with his daughter, and tell her that this was the place where his father had come to deliver aid.

Nobody

On Feb. 4, Zhang lifted the quarantine and began driving sports cars again.

"I'm going to pick it up later, pick it up from Baodi District, and then I'm going to Beijing to deliver medical supplies to five hospitals, and I'm going to deliver it today [ February 5] . "

Beijing is not as bad as Wuhan, but it is just as bad; Beijing is not as far away, but Zhang is just as desperate.

He and his fellow truckers were the nobodies of society, the little people. They just become outlaws the moment they set out. These nobodies know they're racing against time, they know they're fighting the virus.

They never think of themselves as "heroes" . Heroes are the medical staff on the front line. They were just doing their job -- driving a car, making deliveries. "It's the right thing to do, and it's for my own life, " Zhang said

"There are no heroes who fall from the sky, only mortals who rise up. "

At a particular point in time, a particular emotion and a particular mission, they became aware of their responsibilities. They carry heavy loads through the cold night. They became the people we wanted to be the most.

They may not be able to change the world, but something will, at least -- Foshan

"This Spring Festival is so different, " Yu said.

(head figure is rishun logistics driver Qi Guangtao)

* Photo provided by interviewees

Recommended reading

Seriously declare: "Business Person" all original articles, reprint must be authorized. All Forms of illegal republication, including but not limited to piracy, unauthorized republication by a third party without the authorization of a "business person" , is an act of tort, "Business Person" will publish the "blacklist" and pursue legal responsibility. "business people" are only willing to work with institutions that respect intellectual property rights.

Write, meet, collaborate, and contact bizleaders@qqq. Com
Add to Wechat biz-leader, reprint authorized or invite you to join the group of business friends

Wechat name: Business figure

WECHAT ID: biz-leaders
1. Long press the Qr Code on the right to follow.
2. I look forward to seeing you at the top with the stars. Welcome to share and comment, welcome to leave a message or private message to us to provide clues on topics.
3. Click "read the original" to see the official website of business figures, access to more exciting content.

Write, meet, collaborate, and contact bizleaders@qqq. Com
Add to Wechat biz-leader, reprint authorized or invite you to join the group of business friends

Write, meet, collaborate, and contact bizleaders@qqq. Com

Add to Wechat biz-leader, reprint authorized or invite you to join the group of business friends

Wechat name: Business figure

WECHAT ID: biz-leaders
1. Long press the Qr Code on the right to follow.
2. I look forward to seeing you at the top with the stars. Welcome to share and comment, welcome to leave a message or private message to us to provide clues on topics.
3. Click "read the original" to see the official website of business figures, access to more exciting content.

Wechat name: Business figure

WECHAT ID: biz-leaders

1. Long press the Qr Code on the right to follow.
2. I look forward to seeing you at the top with the stars. Welcome to share and comment, welcome to leave a message or private message to us to provide clues on topics.
3. Click "read the original" to see the official website of business figures, access to more exciting content.

Go to "discover"-"take a look" browse "friends watching"

Sent

####Send it to take a look

Sending

A scan of wechat
Pay attention to the account


-------------
title: Nobody
source: Business figure
authors: _
editors: _
proofreader: _
photographer: _
translator: _
via: https://github.com/2019ncovmemory/nCovMemory
link: https://mp.weixin.qq.com/s/UiH9nX9gXItafQDU2RZHnQ
archive: http://archive.ph/8aCkF
snapshot: https://github.com/2019ncovmemory/nCovMemory/blob/master/archive/jpg/685.jpg
lead: There are no heroes who fall from the sky, only mortals who rise up.
cover: data:image/jpeg;base64,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
