##Epidemic Period Special Chapter (this is an organization management ability test)

Micro-signal Mengbeiyu

Feature Introduction, an anachronistic cynic's thought and attempt.

Harvard: A SPECIAL EPISODE OF THE EPIDEMIC: A test of organizational management

Li Niangang, deputy mayor of the town on the other end of the phone growled: "Meng Beiyu, did you go this morning to get 4000 masks? "? Who told you to pick it up? Do you know that these 4,000 masks are for our market supervision group, not for Your Material Protection Group Take those 4,000 masks to the blue sky right now

I said, "Mayor Li, I thought all the materials were collected first by our material support group and then distributed. ". And it was the administration office that called me to pick it up. I was notified by the administration office every time I got supplies."

"You just don't get it, " Li said angrily. "If it's from the CDC, you should get it. But if it's from the market, you should get it from us. You're the material support group, and I'm the market supervision group

I felt that I was wronged. When I received the materials, no one told me the origin of the materials. Even the people who handed them out could not say exactly what route the materials had taken to get here, how do they know if it's market regulation or the CDC? All they knew was that they had received supplies, and they sent them to every town according to the list, as long as the amount they received and the amount they gave matched. Who cares where it came from.

I said: "Mayor Lee, this material I have given Empress Lü Zhi signed for, you can... so, I call and Empress Lü Zhi contact, let her to the materials to blue sky. "

"Empress Lü Zhi, Empress Lü Zhi and Empress Lü Zhi have sent the masks to the village! I don't care how you do it, I want all the 4,000 masks back, " Li said by telephone. "They are the products of our market supervision team and are given to the blue sky for distribution. "

I promised to hang up the phone and call Empress Lü Zhi, "Empress Lü Zhi, this is Meng Beiyu. Do you still have the 4,000 masks I got from the County Housing Reserve Center this morning? Mayor Li just called me and said the masks should be given to their market supervision team to hand over to the blue sky. "

"The blue sky is right in front of us, " Empress Lü Zhi said. I don't know, no one told me, most of these masks are still in storage, but 500 of them have already been sent out, mayor Lee told us to take them all back, how can we take them back? I don't know what to do."

I said, "well, you talk to blue sky, we'll give her the remaining 3,500 masks, then replace the morning masks with other masks, give her 500 masks, okay? "

"We only have a few hundred masks in the warehouse, " Empress Lü Zhi said. "If we give her 500 masks, there won't be any in the warehouse. I have to leave some in the warehouse. If there's an emergency, I can't even get a mask out of the warehouse. "

I said, well, talk to blue sky and see what they do with it, and if you can, see if you can replace 4,000 with 3,500, and some things 1 / 10th worse isn't so bad! I'll contact deputy mayor Takashi and see if I can get a few hundred down."

I called Long Xiuxian, deputy mayor of the material support group: "Long Mayor, just now mayor Li Niangang called and said that they should get the 4,000 masks in the material reserve center in the morning, but there have already been 500 out of Lühou, and now mayor Li wants us to give 4,000 to the blue sky intact. "

Deputy Mayor Takashi obviously knows about this, he was also very angry and said: "This guy, why not say in the morning, if he said ahead of time, why do we bother to go to the county to get it back, directly told him to get it. ". Don't worry about him. What he wants is his business. Minister Fan of the county called us to pick it up. If there's a problem, let him call Minister Fan. And Secretary Yellow Emperor at the Party Committee has made it clear that all materials in the town are collected by our material support group and redistributed, and it is not wrong for us to receive them. Leave him alone."

I just got off the phone with Deputy Mayor Takashi, deputy Mayor Li called: "Meng Beiyu, you quickly mask to the Blue Sky, I am now anxious to use, send out all back, hear! "! If it comes from the market, we should get it. If it comes from the CDC, you get it."

After Mayor Lee hung up the phone, I called Empress Lü Zhi and said, "how are things going with the Blue Sky? "

Empress Lü Zhi said: "What can I do? Mayor Li is holding on to 4,000 masks. The Blue Sky must listen to the leadership. I talked to blue sky and gave him the remaining 3,500 masks. I'll get her another 500 gauze masks. ". She reported to Deputy Mayor Li has 4,000 masks, those 500 masks are not the same thing can not let deputy mayor Li know, or else may have more problems. This is obviously a conflict between two of their leaders, who insist that we, the people at the bottom of the line, have an argument first, and we listen to who wins."

I said: "Or, I will report this matter to Mayor Tian Wu, let him to coordinate, these two deputy mayors have to listen to the mayor! "

"Goodbye, " Empress Lü Zhi said. "Mayor Tian has been busy with flood recovery and reconstruction and the demolition of the Tourism Development Zone. "

I said: "This is when, still busy with flood recovery and reconstruction? Still busy with demolition? Not to say less gathering, less meetings? "

"As we said at the last meeting, we hoped that the county level could postpone the deadline for reconstruction and demolition, but the county leaders did not agree and demanded that we complete the reconstruction in accordance with the original schedule. Now the deadline for reconstruction is only two months away and the deadline for demolition is only three months away, " Empress Lü Zhi said. The county government refused to give us time, so we had no choice but to press ahead. At present, the prevention and control of the epidemic is mainly the work of Secretary Huang himself."

I said, "I'll call Secretary Huang and ask him to coordinate. Otherwise, how can I do my work? "? How do I know where the supplies are coming from? He doesn't even know who's guarding the warehouse. He just sends us the right amount."

"If the deputy mayors find out, will they think you're snitching? " Empress Lü Zhi said. "You'll offend both deputy mayors. " I suddenly calmed down, i thought Empress Lü Zhi had a point, and I let it go.

The village cadres standing below shouted, "young man, have you finished making your phone call? Hurry up and move. We have things to do back in the village! " I am not very familiar with these village cadres. I am generally only familiar with the four regular cadres in the village, most of the village committee members, production team leaders and party members who came to move the materials this time.

County Housing Reserve Center B is the former grain depot, not a professional material reserve point. This time we took supplies are folding bed, this folding bed is a social donation, stainless steel, a bed weighs dozens of pounds, we took out to each checkpoint, for their night duty.

The material was piled to the top, eight meters high, and it looked like it was about to fall. If we pulled it from the bottom, it would be hard to know if we could pull it out. Secondly, if we pulled it from the bottom, these piles of stainless steel bedstead would fall down and bury us.

Village cadres are older, dare not climb up, I had to climb up the bed pile straight edge, fortunately there are many gaps in the stainless steel bed frame, there are many grip and foot places, so although the angle is straight 90 degrees, but it wasn't that hard to climb. What matters is the psychological pressure. The 8-meter-high bed frame wobbled during the climb, thinking that if the 8-meter-high pile of stainless steel beds fell down, I and the village cadres would be paralyzed if we didn't die.

So I stand on the top of the bed frame down, in fact, jumpy, spare time to pay attention to the feet and around the material pile, for fear of suddenly falling down. After we managed to get some of the bedsteads down, they put them together to form a second step, which went like this: I stood on top of the bed pile, and I kept handing the bedsteads to the two guys on the second floor, and the two guys handed the bedsteads to the two guys on the ground, the two men then handed the bedstead to the others and moved it from the warehouse to the car.

The initial handling is jumpy, for fear of these several high bed frame instability down, when the material pile was dismantled by US less than 5 meters high, we finally compared the bold handling. But my waist a little bit can not stand, we started with masks, then tired sweating, breathing is laborious, also took off the mask, take off his coat, from day to night.

But this is not the most difficult thing in the distribution of supplies, the most difficult is to control the chaos.

We originally wanted to pull all the materials from the county reserve center to Niaoyuhuazhen government to distribute them later, but there was a problem: yesterday was the Lantern Festival, you couldn't hire any porters at all, and there was only one truck, after the truck drivers had been hired by Tofu town, we asked him to help us find other drivers.

We had no workers, it took me and a few village cadres 40 minutes to fill a truck, and then the truck took the supplies to Niaoyuhuazhen, and then it took another 60 minutes to unload them, and then it took another 20 minutes to get back to the county supply center, which means a round trip like this could take two hours. At that rate, we'd have to work late into the night to get all our supplies back to Niaoyuhuazhen, and more importantly, the Niaoyuhuazhen government doesn't have a warehouse to store that much. Moreover, these village cadres will not carry me all the way until the middle of the night. They will leave after two hours at most. This does not mean that they are not dedicated to their work. After all, as they are at the grassroots level, they have more heavy work to do, and their salary is only a few hundred dollars a month, you can't ask too much of them.

So we came up with a second plan, because Niaoyuhuazhen is the nearest town outside of Chengguan, Chamdo. We can take all the materials out and put them in the courtyard of the county's material reserve center, which is a big courtyard, and ask each village to collect them by itself. That is to say, we distributed the materials directly in the courtyard of the county material reserve center.

But no. The weather is not beautiful, the county began to rain in the afternoon, if the bed and quilt wet, can not immediately put into use.

So that's not gonNa work either.

So we came up with a third plan, a village by village leader. This plan is similar to the second plan, but we do not lead out of the material, but to a village, we will take a village from the County Material Reserve Center House out to him, make a record of the warehouse.

For example, we need to take 10 beds and give them to three villages, village a 2 beds, village b 3 beds and village c 5 beds. Under normal circumstances, we first take 10 beds from the material reserve center and give them to each of the three ABC villages; but now, we first take 2 beds to village a, then take 3 beds to village B, then take 5 beds to village C, that is, take 3 times. The only problem with this plan is that it would be particularly annoying to the staff of the material reserve center, who would only need to make one outgoing record and now needs to make more than 20 outgoing records.

Fortunately, the staff at the reserve center was a particularly patient middle-aged man who agreed to our plan, but we made a mistake. Because we underestimated how long it would take a village to get supplies, a village to get a tent, then a stainless steel bedstead, then a quilt, then a brown mat, fast ones take 10 minutes, slow ones take more than half an hour. And when we called the villages to get supplies, all the villages arrived almost at the same time, and if we went from village to village to get supplies, the last village would have to wait a long, long time, maybe until midnight.

So I had to agree to let several villages get it at the same time, but here's what happened:

"How many did you get? Five, right? Okay, I've got it down. "

"Wait, did you two get the bed frame log? Did the middle-aged guy do it? "

"I know, I know, you've been here a long time, but only one village is allowed to move tents in this corridor now, and I'll make sure you guys move them when they're done. "

"Wait, do I keep track of the tents in your car? Do I count the 10 tents? Are these the 10 tents? Or are these the new tents? "

"What, you're going to change it? You don't need five tents now, you only need three tents? ! Okay, okay, I'll write it down on a piece of paper. "

"has this quilt been taken from the floor? Or is it left over? Hey, everybody, look here. Who took it out of the floor? ! Is it registered? "

"Hey, wait, what village are you from? You have to report to me before you get anything. Oh, from Guhua town? ! Sorry, I thought you were the village cadres of our town of Niaoyuhuazhen. "

"You stop, you've got everything, you can't take any more. What, the tent you took is broken? You're going to replace it now, aren't you? Did you take the broken one back? "

"hold on a second. I have to take this. Hold on a second. "

"What, from Hehai? You can't find the county reserve center? Is there a branch road in the Industrial Park? There's a gate to your right. "

"Hey, mayor long, I'm delivering supplies. Did you call a car? Are you going to take 20 separate sets of supplies to the government? "

"Hello, big brother. You are from confluence village, right? We are going to transport 20 sets of supplies to the government. Can you help me carry 20 sets of supplies to the CAR after you move? Yes, yes, yes, that's the big blue van. "

"What, you need to make a note for your shipment, ok, ok, ok, you help me with the paper, I'll write it for you! "

"Hello, North Frog community? You'RE GONNA change tents. You'RE GONNA change tents that just pop open? I can't. I'm too busy to change. What, you're just gonNA throw it away and send it back? Well, bring you back, bring you back, but you'll have to look for it yourself in the warehouse. There aren't many of these tents

"Wait, you can't take the car away right now. Everyone, before you take each car away, ask me first. I want to count it one last time before you take it away. "

……

So on and so forth, dozens of village cadres surrounded me, they kept moving materials from the warehouse out, I think I really broke down. I called Deputy Mayor Takashi and told him to send me two more men. I can't handle this alone. A few minutes later, Hou'an and Ou Yuewen came over, Ou Yuewen is still the same, his arrival did not help, Hou'an really helped me a lot, I do not know how he is in the chaos to record each village to receive supplies. Finally, he and the county supplies reserve center staff reconciliation, I was in the dark, the final result is the difference between two quilts and four stainless steel bedstead.

The staff at the county supply center insisted that we had taken out two quilts and four stainless steel bedsteads from the warehouse, but our distribution records did not show that. In response, I argued with the village chief of Gemstone:

I saw their village leaders take two quilts, then two more, then four more, eight beds altogether. But they insisted that they had only taken two beds, and then four beds, six beds. We were deadlocked. I asked them to call all the officials from the village who came to see me today. They said they had already asked. There were only six quilts.

They said: "Is it necessary? Isn't it just two quilts? Would we steal your quilts on purpose? Who knows how to use this quilt except for Disaster Relief? ! I think it's okay to be short of two quilts? "

I said, "you think it's all right because you won't be signing the release form later! "! I'll have to sign it later. I have to make sure all the numbers match up! You don't know what those officials up there are capable of, these two quilts can say that I embezzled relief materials, just yesterday, the secretary of the city of Tam Giang, was fired on the spot by the new mayor for reciting the wrong number of people in Quarantine! These two quilts are not worth much, but they are enough to kill me!"

Finally, everyone stopped to urge us. Finally, the staff of the County Material Reserve Center came over and pulled me aside, do not delay time, now this 2 bed quilt and 4 bed frame I help you to fill up, later I will find you 2 bed quilt and 4 bed frame to, this amount I still have ways to fill up, more is not good. It's getting dark now, so let's get everyone on the trucks. We don't have any lights in the warehouse, so we can't move at night."

When I went back, it was already raining heavily, because the staff of Xingguo community went home for the Lantern Festival, they couldn't find someone to move the car. So, we agreed to go to the Xingguo community to help them get off. In the heavy rain, I, Hou An, Ou Yuewen, the truck driver, and the staff of the Xingguo Community worked together in the rain, and when the work was finished, we were all drenched.

Then I remembered that I hadn't eaten all day and no one else had either. The truck driver was in a hurry to get home for the Lantern Festival and drove off. Hou'an and o'yuewen ordered a bucket of instant noodles at the Kōkoku community office and were going to finish eating at the Kōkoku community office before leaving. In fact, I think the most difficult thing is that the staff member of Xingguo community, who has been carrying things from the afternoon to the County Material Reserve Center, to the office at 7:30 at night, carrying materials in heavy rain. He is just a community grid worker, 200 yuan a month.

I hurried home, the results of the residential gate was stopped by security, he said I did not wear a mask, not allowed to go in. I felt all over the body can not find a mask, just remember at that time to carry things too tired, breathless, put the mask in the warehouse. I quickly called my relatives, to their home to ask for a mask, before entering the community's door.

When he got home, he took off his wet clothes, pants and socks and lay down on the SOFA under a blanket. After lying down for a while, I got up and cooked two packets of instant noodles in the kitchen. I wrote more than 1000 words. I was in no mood to continue writing, so I deleted them.

Played a few phone games and went to bed.

Share this article with everyone you know

WECHAT SWEEPS UP Praise for author

####Send it to the author

People Admire

Long-press the QR code to transfer the funds to me

Under apple's new rules, wechat's iOS version of the APP has been turned off to support public accounts through Qr code transfers.

Go to "discover"-"take a look" browse "friends watching"

Sent

####Send it to take a look

Sending

A scan of wechat
Pay attention to the account


-------------
title: Epidemic Period Special Chapter (this is an organization management ability test)
source: ji-ceng-xu-gou-gu-shi
authors: _
editors: _
proofreader: _
photographer: _
translator: _
via: https://github.com/2019ncovmemory/nCovMemory
link: https://mp.weixin.qq.com/s/nLSCycdxQU_jtovTPBxGNw
archive: http://archive.ph/opySs
snapshot: https://github.com/2019ncovmemory/nCovMemory/blob/master/archive/jpg/980.jpg
lead: I hurried home, the results of the residential gate was stopped by security, he said I did not wear a mask, not allowed to go in. I felt all over the body can not find a mask, just remember at that time to carry things too tired, breathless, put the mask in the warehouse. I quickly called my relatives, to their home to ask for a mask, before entering the community's door.
cover: data:image/jpeg;base64,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
