##A Wuhan Volunteer's anxiety: How does the pregnant woman go to see a doctor?

Micro-signal Zairenjian11

Features, with a calm narrative against the cold | phoenix network produced in the human studio

Phoenix News Client, produced by Phoenix Network Studio on Earth

On January 22, a team called the Zhuo Ming Disaster Information Service Center established the NCOV volunteer alliance, the initiator is my friend.

There are more than 300 online doctors in the big volunteer alliance, forming a team of online therapists from all disciplines; there are 200 to 300 social workers and counselors in the wechat group who do psychological support, there is also a team of volunteers responsible for searching information, docking supplies and coordinating management.

I joined on the 23rd for psychological support. Based on my experience in disaster relief, I know that psychological support should be given at a later stage and that the immediate task is emergency relief. I found this special group of pregnant women in urgent need of help, set up a special team to help pregnant women.

There's like 40 or 50 of US pregnant women. We were in a large group with pregnant women and medical staff. There is an information group that collects medical and medical information related to pregnant women. Hospital beds. We'll update them every two days. It's a tough process, because a lot of the phones are dead. In addition, we also set up a group of parturient group, the Group of drugs, non-infected pregnant women, such as small groups, pregnant women will also be in each other, sharing information.

Online medical support is a huge help. For example, if someone sends us a Radiogram, we'll send it to the doctor immediately. There's aspiration, severe illness, infection, heart... doctors from all departments, all at the same time looking at the Radiogram, general consultation. The results feed back to the patient faster than he can wait in line at the hospital. When doctors communicate with patients online, there is an emotional connection, is to cheer up, for pregnant women and many seriously ill patients, can give a lot of psychological comfort and support.

On January 28, the Wuhan Health Commission issued a document, "notice on medical care for special patients during the new pneumonia epidemic, " designating four designated hospitals to receive confirmed and suspected pregnant and lying-in patients. But it's not just a piece of paper, it's a hospital that needs a maternity ward that can do the surgery, it needs an isolation ward, it needs adequate protection.

After the document came down, we volunteers to call the past, four designated hospitals, three clear answer do not accept, no conditions. Only Concorde West said they would, but not until the ward was finished. Concorde has been responsible enough to take in many pregnant women. Their beds are very tight, and their supplies have been stuck for days, always in a tight state. How do you expect the paramedics to deal with that?

But pregnant women and their families don't understand what it's like to be a paramedic. They have a fever, about to give birth, always worried about the life of the fetus in the belly is in danger, who will understand them? What they're dealing with is rejection everywhere.

A lot of us do psychological support, but what do we do now? Are Looking for a cure. Finding a bed is a very important part of our job. For an emergency pregnant woman's family, you let them dozens of calls one by one, also can not get through, they will be very desperate. It'll be easier with all of US helping. We also have experience in communication and expression, and know how to highlight the key points, clearly describe the situation, and use our words to act as a lubricant and bridge in their communication with the community and hospitals.

They were alone, feeling that the family had been abandoned, that there was no way to find a doctor. Now that they have us and someone to keep them company, it's a relief. They can regain their ability and actively seek solutions without becoming weaker and weaker.

On January 31, we were contacted by an infected pregnant woman who was about to give birth. We'll dock directly with Concorde West. The hospital told me that the maternity ward had not been renovated and that it would be ready in a day or two. At that time, I was informed that many protective materials arrived in Wuhan that night and would be sent to the hospital.

The next day I sent the couple to reconcile. By then they had already made several trips to the hospital, experienced to the hospital was rejected, call 120 always can not get through, no car home situation, very desperate, do not want to call 120. I lost my temper with them and forced them to call 120. Fortunately, 120 got through, sent them to the ward and just good renovation, the husband and wife both live in, smoothly gave birth to a 7-jin boy.

Well, that's good news. With this successful case, does it mean that everyone can go to Concord West? I contacted the municipal women's Federation and the Provincial Women's Federation, and everyone was reporting the process. And then you get another critical pregnant woman, and you find out it's not working, and the tunnel's still not open.

At a little after 9 pm on February 3, the husband of a pregnant woman in Huangpi District added me to Wechat. His wife, 34 weeks pregnant, has a fever of 38.4 degrees, has been running a fever for more than 10 days, asthma day by day more serious, is highly suspected patient. I immediately began to connect her to the hospital and an online ob-gyn. Doctors believe that pregnant women with high fever itself is very easy to cause fetal asphyxia, the need for urgent medical attention. She was 34 weeks pregnant, and although the fetus was formed, it was still small, possibly premature, and in critical condition.

This couple's going to the hospital. They don't have a car. A family friend with a sports car took a risk and sent them to the hospital.

Before they contacted us, they first went to Huangpi People's Hospital, which refused to accept. They also went to the Eastern Hospital of Hubei Provincial People's Hospital and required a transfer certificate from Huangpi People's Hospital. But they're not in Huangpi District. How can they get a transfer certificate? In fact, there are no beds in the People's East Hospital.

In the early morning of the 4th, they went to Zhongnan Hospital, where they had a nucleic acid test, and they had to wait two or three days for the results. Central South Hospital is not a designated hospital, nor admission. By the morning of the 4th, we got through to the Western Union, and the hospital said it was closed. I told them to go, but they wouldn't take it. I don't think it's because there are no beds, the maternity ward hasn't been renovated, and the doctors don't have enough protective equipment. What's more, she hadn't been diagnosed yet and was still waiting for the results of the nucleic acid test. But she's in labor. What do we do?

I got another one on the 4th. Pregnant woman 39 weeks pregnant, has seen red. She didn't have a fever, just a cough. She had a CT scan at the provincial maternity and children's hospital, which suggested possible infection. Provincial Women and children are not designated hospitals, it is clear that she can not be admitted, even if the nucleic acid test is negative can not be admitted. She checked with central South Hospital. No charge. Asked the People's Eastern Hospital, the People's Eastern Hospital said she is mild illness, do not accept, afraid that she was infected more seriously after entering, and there is no bed. But she's red at 39 weeks. What if the contractions are stronger?

On her way to save the women and children, I went to a deputy director of obstetrics who was being quarantined to talk to her online. The doctor told her, see red case, may be born in three days, or a week, do not worry, have been trying to stabilize her mood. But what if she's giving birth that night? She hasn't been diagnosed. What hospital?

From the first time I helped a pregnant woman, I found the whole process so confusing. I'm looking at a bunch of hospitals. What number am I calling? I went through a bunch of files, and when I hit them on purpose, I couldn't find a single hospital that had been remodeled. I ask the hospital again, how can be admitted? They said it had to be confirmed. So what's a diagnosis? You have to get a CT, do a blood test, get a CT to confirm it's a suspect, and then do a nucleic acid test. Okay, so we find the hospital that can do the nucleic acid test, and we tell you that there's no kit, so you have to wait in line. You'll have to wait a day or two for the test results. But the pregnant woman has reduced fetal movement, the fetus may be very dangerous, how can she wait?

On the 4th, those two emergency cases were never solved. I am too anxious, made a lot of phone calls to the provincial women's Federation, throw the situation over, they are also anxious. They've been getting a lot of calls of their own, coordinating with the community, and the community has no way. The other day I said on the phone, what is the procedure for pregnant women? If you can't identify a hospital that will specifically receive suspected or infected pregnant women, this tunnel will never open. Always in a save, can not save, meet difficult how to do?

The pregnant woman's medical procedure in fact soon we all know: First Blood test, CT, CT showed infection after doing nucleic acid test, nucleic acid test positive diagnosis, and then contact the hospital.

But the problem is the diagnosis. The policy is nucleic acid testing to confirm admission to designated hospitals. Where CT has a little infection symptoms, an ordinary provincial women and children, women and children how dare to admit it? And a lot of people CT showed infection, but the nucleic acid test is negative, can not be confirmed, and can not be admitted to designated hospitals, no hospital admission. You have to run the nucleic acid test again, wait for the results, before and after it will be nearly 10 days.

The families of the suspected or confirmed pregnant women may not have a car and travel to hospitals where they can not be treated and to another hospital. Doesn't that mean the infection's always on the move? Some of the patients'families seem to be healthy, but you let them run over and over, and they don't get infected?

Sometimes we get a call for a pregnant woman to show her chest x-ray to an online doctor. It's definitely infected. Again ask, her husband is also suspected, several people in the family have cough fever symptoms.

There aren't enough beds. There are too many patients. At the time, the government quarantined people in their homes, but did not provide any disinfection measures or quarantine guidelines. How can an ordinary person have experience in home quarantine? The most you can do is wear a mask. How can you be sure you have no contact with your family? This often results in a family cluster infection. Once they have a fever and cough, they must run back and forth to the hospital to confirm the diagnosis. The number of cross-infections is GONNA go up.

How about the step of confirming the infection to the pregnant woman? Find the hospital, tell them you haven't broken the water, that it's not urgent enough, and I can't take you. Hospitals can't help it. They just don't have beds, protective materials or equipment. It's not the hospital's problem. The paramedics are working their asses off.

I'm getting a couple of red flags. Thirty-eight or nine weeks pregnant, long running fevers, stomachaches, and redness. This kind of situation usually you go to any hospital, the emergency department immediately stay in hospital observation, see a few days to give birth. Not yet. The hospital wants you on a fetal monitor, says it's normal. Go home and wait.

The volunteers had to call one hospital after another to see which had a delivery room and a bed, and you had the test results, so they added you. It was really a long shot to be admitted to the hospital those days.

I'd really like to stop this one-by-one rescue. I thought, pregnant women are a very special group, shouldn't there be a priority access? Suspected pregnant women can not use nucleic acid testing, using CT direct diagnosis? Designated designated hospitals, is it possible to reserve some beds for suspected and confirmed pregnant women? But when I said that, I thought, "How could I? "? Aren't people all the same? You mean the old man isn't important or dangerous? But pregnant women are really a special group, and medical resources and medical treatment system is strained, chaotic to this extent, I really very difficult.

February 4, I from 7:00 in the morning to the evening, the phone did not put down, even eat with, ready for news, continuous contact. At the end of the day, those two pregnant women still couldn't get into the hospital. I'm really desperate. The pregnant woman's family is desperate. How can you be counseling them at this point? I do mindfulness exercises myself, but I watched a bunch of groups online that day coaching families on mindfulness exercises, and I really wanted to call him a Harvard -- his wife had a fever and couldn't breathe.

I consider myself a veteran of psychological rescues and crisis interventions. The 2008 earthquake relief, and the many suicide interventions and major depression interventions I've had on a daily basis, I've never felt so powerless. 2008 earthquake, you are around a person who is still alive, suddenly died, this is a huge impact. They were desperate and calling for help, but at the same time they could see a lot of resources, supplies and troops coming in to help them.

In this case, the patient felt abandoned in the call for help. The whole system the patients face is so chaotic, they don't feel supported by society. To the hospital, which is understandable. But can daily life and travel be guaranteed? Traffic's stopped. You understand, it's to keep us from going out there and infecting people. But we have to go to the hospital. We have to survive. You say the community provides cars, but I can't get in line, so I'm just GonNa die at home? And then I got to the hospital, and there were no pills, no shots. I had a C.T. scan of the infection, and I had to wait in line for the nucleic acid test, and I couldn't get the Kit. I finally finished the test, and I still haven't been able to get in. It was a feeling of hopelessness.

Some families have already lost one person, and the kind of panic they have is, "I can't help him, he's dead, will I be next? " You Watch the family around you get sick, you go to the hospital, you make all the calls, even the things you don't do, the people you don't look for, it doesn't work, you just watch the person fall apart until they die. And not one person, but one family member after another. It's too traumatic. They feel panic, sadness, despair, even anger.

Many of our volunteers are brought into this state of despair. Some volunteers on-line rescue, the person who calls for help immediately respiratory failure, you guide him, encourage him, while a group of people called 120 urgently. The car's not here yet, and you're just GonNa let it happen. A guy you've never met asks you for help from a distance, and this guy says no and it's over. But what happens when it's gone? There's no grieving process for the family, and they need to be isolated. The grief and trauma is really intense. We're still in a state of stress, depending on how we recover from the outbreak.

A lot of volunteers tell me at night, it's hard. I especially feel sorry for the enthusiastic and inexperienced young volunteers. One day, I lost my temper with a close friend on the team. I say it's very irresponsible of you to let such a group of young people do this. I cry myself sometimes, and I can get it together the next day. But they're not trained, and that can be very traumatic. We've seen a lot of doctors die online, and this time they can't take it. They also need to go out at night to catch their breath. Every day we have a lot of emotional release in the group, but also need to give each other support.

The night of the 4th, I felt so tight. I needed a break from crying. The next day I sent out a friend's note saying it was my day off. That day, I dealt with some of the hand of the written work, do some elderly and seriously ill patients of psychological support. Then a pregnant woman's husband came to a Wechat, "can I bother you today? " He saw my friend circle, it is really very embarrassed. I mean, you can bother me whenever you want. It's not even a bother.

There was another patient on the afternoon of the 8th, one of the more interesting ones these days. That day, the nurse told him to pack his things and transfer to the hospital. 120 would come soon. She didn't tell him where to transfer. He sent me a wechat message saying: "I'm going to get into an ambulance, I don't know where to go. " I was a little worried, but I still joked with him and asked him to tell me what was going on. He said, "don't worry, I'll tell you as soon as I can. " Then he kept me informed of where he was and where he was all the way. To the hospital also said to me: "Now in the hospital, but also have to wait, into the ward I will tell you. " A little while to another: "into the ward, I think the conditions are good. "

I can feel the need and gratitude of these patients and their families. A sick man in this mess would be very upset. At this point, you're communicating with him, making him feel like there's someone else with him.

The infected pregnant woman who saw red on the 4th was finally delivered by Caesarean Section in the People's East Hospital on February 5th. Both mother and child are safe. 34-week-old pregnant woman from Huangpi District, another day on the phone. On the 6th, the community informed them that they could go to Huangpi People's Hospital. To the hospital for Fetal Heart Monitoring, and re-examination of CT, the doctor may be judged to be ahead of the Cesarean section. But there was no way to do it here in Huangpi District, so I wrote up a referral and transferred to Concorde West. The next afternoon, she gave birth by Caesarean section in the Western hospital. The child was taken to a children's Hospital for isolation and further observation.

Children born at this time are so strong.

To these days, although pregnant women do not really form a priority access, but it is much less difficult. Before, the hospital ward delivery room, protective materials and equipment, do not have admission conditions. You have to force a pregnant woman into a hospital where she can be admitted at the last minute. Today, volunteers still call the hospital every day to check whether pregnant women are available. The hospital has not said publicly that they are available, and the phone is often disconnected. However, from the situation in these days, more urgent pregnant women do nucleic acid testing can be priority. The community does not reject a pregnant woman as long as the hospital can do a fetal heart test, and the doctor can decide whether to deliver or transfer her to another hospital. Not as desperate as the last few days, when there was no one to turn to.

Now, it's not really up to us to find a hospital for pregnant women. Our job is to help them talk to the community, to provide online medical support, and to guide them in how to describe their symptoms to the hospital. These days, there is no original so fly rescue information, I get up in the morning are not so nervous, suddenly also a bit uncomfortable.

At this stage of the situation, patients can see the patient, the community is the most critical link, all patients beds are almost by the community and hospital docking. Huangpi District, the mother who ended up in the hospital, was connected by the community. So when a patient is in an emergency, the volunteer has to constantly harass the community, keep the person informed, and maybe get a front row seat to a bed faster. We reported the emergency case to the municipal women's Union, and they also called the community, and asked the community to report the case to the emergency, and to move the patient to the front.

After conducting a centralized isolation of suspected and confirmed patients, our large volunteer team had an idea to do a docking of online and offline medical care. The idea was to connect with the communities in each quarantine zone, so that our online doctors could look at the CT scans of patients, and see if they had a diagnosis, if they needed to be transferred, rather than having the communities determine patient priorities. But the idea didn't go forward, many departments didn't connect, and the community didn't speak to us. I think the current situation is that there is no mechanism for the agencies to coordinate their work and everyone does their own thing.

With the centralized quarantine, we have entered a new phase of our relief effort. Conditions in the quarantines are very different, and we don't yet know what criteria the community uses to allocate patients.

One of the patients I followed for two or three days, he saw that the quarantine area was unsterile, he reported it floor by floor, making all the calls he could. That day, he had a high fever of 103. He couldn't eat at all, but he worked hard to eat. He sweats a lot after taking the TYLENOL, and he gets really upset when he does. He said, "I'm not anxious, am I? " I said, "you're just working really hard to get better. "

Every patient in the affected area is fighting for their lives.

The new type of pneumonia is affecting people's hearts,

"In the world" is now available to National Netizens:

(1) video diary of the epidemic area
If you're in an infected area,
Please use photos (video) and written records
Everything you hear and see
No less than 3 photos
Text not less than 300 words
How to contribute: Zairenjianliving

(2) true story of the fight against the epidemic
Whether you're a first-line paramedic, a volunteer,
Confirmed or suspected patients and their family members, discharged patients, etc. ,
If you want to tell the story of the outbreak,
Please contact Zairenjian living on Wechat

The new type of pneumonia is affecting people's hearts,

"In the world" is now available to National Netizens:

(1) video diary of the epidemic area

If you're in an infected area,

Please use photos (video) and written records

Everything you hear and see

No less than 3 photos

Text not less than 300 words

How to contribute: Zairenjianliving

(2) true story of the fight against the epidemic

Whether you're a first-line paramedic, a volunteer,

Confirmed or suspected patients and their family members, discharged patients, etc. ,

If you want to tell the story of the outbreak,

Please contact Zairenjian living on Wechat

Go to "discover"-"take a look" browse "friends watching"

Sent

####Send it to take a look

Sending

A scan of wechat
Pay attention to the account


-------------
title: A Wuhan Volunteer's anxiety: How does the pregnant woman go to see a doctor?
source: zai-ren-jian-living
authors: _
editors: _
proofreader: _
photographer: _
translator: _
via: https://github.com/2019ncovmemory/nCovMemory
link: https://mp.weixin.qq.com/s/kFLdftkXXFvBOEdFqBWFuA
archive: http://archive.is/DWuHX
snapshot: https://github.com/2019ncovmemory/nCovMemory/blob/master/archive/jpg/996.jpg
lead: Every patient in the affected area is fighting for their lives.
cover: data:image/jpeg;base64,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
