##NCP Life Support: Can Save one is one, there are still hundreds of oxygen machines can not send out | in-depth report

Wechat Bqshenyidu

Features, Beijing Youth Daily, the official public number

Reporter / Yan Xingyue Intern Reporter / Chen Weijing

Editor / Ji Weiwei

Volunteers deliver oxygen machines to patients in a contactless manner

This is a daily online consultation of about 200 people, by more than 50 Wechat Group "ask" new pneumonia "online hospital.

It's not really a hospital, it's more like a support system. The NCP (new crown) Life Support Team (NCP life support) is a voluntary initiative of a group of doctors and public welfare individuals. It recruits volunteers with clinical practice qualifications, social workers and psychology backgrounds through the Internet, in the form of online collaboration, to provide physical and mental rehabilitation support for patients with new coronary pneumonia and their families. More than 600 people have joined.

"Online medical rescue is actually very limited. " This is NCP life support founder Hao Nan and the team of volunteers are very clear point. They're gonNA build on that.

At present, NCP life support is trying to find a way to raise a batch of oxygen machine to Wuhan and Hubei and other places to the medical point and patients home. For the ANOXIC patients with new coronary pneumonia who can not be admitted to the hospital, oxygen means hope for life. But because of the lack of drivers, distribution difficulties, there are still hundreds of oxygen machines can not be sent out.

Hao Nan, founder of NCP life support

"Limited" help, can help one is one

"On January 22, there was a report of asymptomatic infection, and the Internet gradually began to flood with posts from people who could not go to hospitals, and medical resources were stretched to the limit. " To Make Hao Nan aware of the severity of the epidemic. On the evening of New Year's Eve, he posted an NCP life support recruitment post on Weibo:

"We are an online group of volunteers who have gathered spontaneously to support patients and their families who may have COVID-19 pneumonia in and around Wuhan. We are now seeking help from patients who do not have access to adequate medical support, and trying to reach them to support them in helping themselves at home and matching appropriate medical resources..."

Within a day, Hao received more than 2,000 applications, including 200 with a medical background. After initial screening, 25 doctors with clinical experience became the initial volunteers for NCP life support.

Beijing Civil Aviation General Hospital emergency physician also joined NCP life support on the same day, becoming the "coordinator" of the team, "I am a emergency physician, I want to help solve a few questions, can help a is A

At present, NCP Life Support Online consultation about 200 times a day. In the course of contact with patients, they found that the situation is more serious than expected.

Patients who enter the "online hospital" are placed in different patient groups depending on the severity of their condition.

For patients with mild illness, they take two ways to help, on the one hand, medical consultation, Doctor Ali will ask patients to report their CT results, body temperature, blood oxygen and other data in the group, "But online medical care is very limited. We can't prescribe medications. We're not the attending physician. Then again, patients tell us that they can't get the medicine, or that they can't get it delivered. "We're basically looking at what basic drugs are available to patients, which ones to take and which ones to mitigate the complications. "

On the other hand, it relieves anxiety. In some patients, CT showed that the inflammation of the lungs was not serious, and the blood tests were normal. The main symptom was cough, "Some people may just have pneumonia or a cold, but in Wuhan, they are anxious. We track their progress, like if a patient has a fever of 103, and he says, "should we go to the hospital? "? I suggest we get some sleep, and we'll probably be fine the next day. For example, sometimes people say they can't breathe, and then I ask them, can you breathe while you're on your phone? He thought about it and said it seemed like it could be done."

When the "Shelter Hospital" was put into use, the number of inquiries from patients with mild illness was cut by a third. Due to the Shelter Hospital and the hotel isolation point of medical care shortage, there will still be patients will report their physical condition to Alex, ask how.

"there is only one need for critically ill patients, and that is hospitalization, " Hao said. Many critically ill patients experience long waits before being admitted to a hospital. NCP Life support requires at least three volunteers to assist each critically ill patient who enters an "online hospital" .

First, a volunteer physician is needed to keep in touch with relatives of critically ill patients, calmly help them think, and guide them on how to maintain their consciousness and vital signs. "I told the daughter of a seriously ill patient who was out on the street buying drugs, but she didn't know where to buy them and was taking her chances on the street, you have to go home and be with the patient, and you can leave the buying to relatives and friends. By the time she got back, the old man had given up on himself and even had his oxygen taken out. If you go back a little later, you can't save him."Hao Nan said.

While doctors guide family members to care for critically ill patients, NCP life support will send a volunteer to help critically ill patients connect with the community. Experienced volunteers are more aware of the Community Grid Operation of Wuhan Health Commission than patients'family members. The volunteers identified the community by the patient's address, found the people in the community, and then found the contact information of the Community Hospital.

In addition, a volunteer is also required to help synchronously dial 120. "120 is very difficult to get through, and it is necessary to call repeatedly. " Sometimes patients dial 120 and do not know how to express their symptoms and needs, at this point, the volunteers told the family how to communicate effectively to avoid missed opportunities.

NCP Life Support Volunteers through network collaboration

While you're trying to calm your nerves, judge who's in the most hurry

Alex believes that the current shortage of personnel is the biggest NCP life support problems.

There's an exceptional shortage of doctors in the smoking department. There are four or five "serious cases" in the 18 groups managed by ally, most of whom have respiratory system symptoms, and there must be at least five smokers in each group, depending on the number of doctors and patients. But there are only 16 psychiatrists in the group, and even one in each group is hard to satisfy.

"When we were most stressed, we were the only two doctors in a group, and we had nearly 50 patients to consult, so we had to calm our nerves and decide who was more anxious, and then we gave priority to the patients who were most ill, " Li said.

The doctors on the team are all front-line workers. Some of the chief and deputy chief doctors themselves have heavy work to do and can only use their limited rest time to serve, "There's a lot of pressure because there's a lot more data on patients now. "

In Alex's view, the psychologist is another big gap in NCP life support, "When we contacted some patients, we found that he was desperate, he would cry to us for more than 20 minutes, and when we tried to help him, he was very negative, saying it was no use, it was too late. "

Facing the patients with psychological trauma, Alex felt very weak, an emergency department doctor can understand CT, read the data, but can not say comfort words. "We hope to have a professional psychological team to support them. The trauma of people in Wuhan and even Hubei is very serious, " said Ali.

Alex's Day revolves around the "network hospital" in the patient to turn, a computer, a mobile phone, frequently switches in each patient group. "When I returned to Beijing on January 31, I was quarantined for a week. I was quarantined in my hospital ward. During that time I devoted myself to volunteer service. "

The number of patients in the group increased by hundreds every day. From February 3, Alex was so busy that he only had one meal a day. At 8 a.m. , Alex Wakes up, drinks a bag of milk, assigns volunteers to tasks, and then "triages" new patients into different groups. After lunch, he threw himself into the patient's condition and coordinated the resources of the supply group to try to help the patient solve the problem.

The first oxygen machine delivered to the patient is supplying oxygen to an old man

Getting through to 120 is the warmest thing that's happened today

Busy Day, there are a group of "little angels" in support of Alex and NCP Life Support Team.

"I especially want to thank some medical students who come from all over the country to join our group, to look for patients online every day, and then call them, " he said.

Alex calls the Medical Students "Cherubs, " and because they have no clinical experience, the cherubs can not participate in medical help, but they are the first person the patient comes into contact with in the process. After contacting the patient, the little angel records the patient's breathing, heartbeat, blood oxygen, blood pressure and body temperature, and makes a preliminary judgment based on the professional knowledge he has learned in school, and will sort out the "case" to the group of professional doctors.

"But some of the patients died while they were on the phone, " he said. "these were young women in their early 20s, many of them facing life and death for the first time, and the pressure was intense. ".

There are nearly 100 of these little angels, and the numbers are volatile, with some students leaving after a few days on the job, unable to handle the pressure from their patients. A "little angel" told Alex, "It seems that I learned medicine can not help them a lot. "

To keep the Cherubs from losing their love of Medicine, Dr. Alex asks them to report to him every night before bed: Is there anything that warms you today?

"there are more patients diagnosed today than there were yesterday! "

"I made five calls and three of them are now in the hospital. "

"helped a patient get through to 120 today! "

Dr. Alex thinks if we all cheer together, we'll always make it.

As "no contact" arrived at the oxygen machine, the volunteer shouted through the mask from afar: You have to be strong, it will get better

"Can you help him? "

A 20-year-old girl named Ting impressed Eric.

At 10:00 a.m. on Feb. 2, Ali saw Tingting's message on Weibo asking for help: GRANDMA's condition is very bad, and she hasn't been hospitalized yet. Alex sent her a private message asking if she needed help? Ting replied "need" and added a Li's wechat.

Ting said to Alex: "I thought it was all fake, I sent help information through many channels, you are the first contact with me, thank you very much! "

At 4 pm that day, Ting contacted Alex again, but grandma had already left. She cried to Eric, the body will soon be pulled to the funeral home, immediately cremated, can not be sent to the funeral, the ashes will also have to wait until the end of the epidemic to deal with.

"after everything that happened, you can write it down, if you like, whether you are sad or helpless. It will help you to calm down. " Then he asked Rick, "Can I volunteer? I hope there aren't more families like us. "

Although Ting did not meet the recruitment requirements for volunteers and did not join the organization, when she saw someone on the Internet asking for help, she would forward the information to Eric and say, "can you help him? "

Patients who have been helped often pull new patients into the NCP life support group. According to Hao Nan, NCP life support has formed eight departments, is A "first-line clinic" , "second-line Ward" , "third-line Ward" and more than 50 wechat groups, "online hospital.

Contactless release process for NCP life support production

The last mile of the oxygen machine

In addition to online medical consulting services, the NCP life support team is also looking for medical supplies for patients. As of 13:00 on February 11, NCP life support had collected 1,945 oxygen generators through public welfare channels, of which 1,292 had been sent to medical sites and 56 to patients'families.

Patients in need need only need to fill out an online form, after a doctor's review, they can apply for Oxygen Dispensers Home Service.

"At the moment, there are enough oxygen generators, but the difficulty is distribution. We were going to ask the community to help with the delivery, but the community work is almost saturated, so we have to find our own fleet to deliver, " Hao said.

Given the precedent of volunteer infections, the team wanted to minimize the chance that patients, family members and volunteer drivers would meet, and he developed a "contactless delivery method" :

1. A vehicle carrying an oxygen machine arrives at the patient's residence, calls the patient, and places the machine on the ground, 25 meters away, waiting for the patient to come downstairs to receive the goods.

2, the patient arrived at the gate of the community, holding the receipt sheet, waving to the driver.

3. The driver takes a picture of the patient holding the receipt, indicating that the delivery is complete.

Despite such careful delivery methods, the limited number of drivers willing to take part in the delivery, due to the need to travel to the community of seriously ill patients, is a major problem facing Hao Nan, "I really tried my best to get people to look for it in the local volunteer network. I searched everywhere and kept repeating our delivery method to the drivers. At present, there are only three or five drivers from the civilian rescue team helping, so we can only send out less than 20 a day. "

NCP Life support will continue to dock patients on the The Adjuster. After the patient receives the oxygen machine, a "little angel" volunteer guides the patient or family online one-on-one on how to use the machine, and explains the process and disinfection precautions.

These oxygen machines give hope to patients who are still at home, "One of our patients ran out of oxygen the night before last. If the oxygen machine had not arrived yesterday, it would have been very difficult for him to survive last night. Now he has used it for two days and is able to watch TV on his own, " Hao said.

Due to distribution difficulties, there are still several oxygen machines can not be dispatched, NCP life support hopes to recruit some drivers in Hubei with the help of the Shenzhen once platform. The following is the contact information.

At the request of the interviewee, the text of a Li as a pseudonym

[ anti-infringement notice ] this article is jointly produced by the Beijing Youth Daily and the Toutiao and is not to be reproduced without authorization.

Farewell to Dr. Li Wenliang: May Heaven be virus-free | in-depth report

In-depth report on a 30-hour journey home

A volunteer of Wuhan Red Cross Society | in-depth report

Go to "discover"-"take a look" browse "friends watching"

Sent

####Send it to take a look

Sending

A scan of wechat
Pay attention to the account


-------------
title: NCP Life Support: Can Save one is one, there are still hundreds of oxygen machines can not send out | in-depth report
source: bei-qing-shen-yi-du
authors: _
editors: _
proofreader: _
photographer: _
translator: _
via: https://github.com/2019ncovmemory/nCovMemory
link: https://mp.weixin.qq.com/s/wCYbsbluWRxQ8Sdl_lmq-g
archive: http://archive.is/2Xl4R
snapshot: https://github.com/2019ncovmemory/nCovMemory/blob/master/archive/jpg/994.jpg
lead: A volunteer driver is urgently needed to deliver oxygen machines to the seriously ill
cover: data:image/jpeg;base64,/9j/4AAQSkZJRgABAQAAAQABAAD/2wBDAAYEBQYFBAYGBQYHBwYIChAKCgkJChQODwwQFxQYGBcUFhYaHSUfGhsjHBYWICwgIyYnKSopGR8tMC0oMCUoKSj/2wBDAQcHBwoIChMKChMoGhYaKCgoKCgoKCgoKCgoKCgoKCgoKCgoKCgoKCgoKCgoKCgoKCgoKCgoKCgoKCgoKCgoKCj/wAARCADMAeADASIAAhEBAxEB/8QAHAAAAQUBAQEAAAAAAAAAAAAABQIDBAYHAQAI/8QARhAAAgEDAwIEAwUGBQIEBAcAAQIDAAQRBRIhMUEGEyJRYXGBBxQykaEVI0JSscEzYtHh8ENyJIKS8QhzwuIWJTREVXTS/8QAGgEAAwEBAQEAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAECAwQFBv/EACcRAAICAgMAAgIBBQEAAAAAAAABAhESIQMxQQRREyIFFDIzQnGB/9oADAMBAAIRAxEAPwDA+3WnZBiPHcGkou4c0sqep/Dmk2MRD1GfcCusAGYnscUq3GZioHxFKuSVY5I3Z5AoQDSA7veujdmnEU7SSMCuA8njpSbKijwXiuhc98Upeh7e1dIwePzoTKOKMV05B+FexXVxg5qiHI5knoaTgg0qugZoIs8oy1WjwfZl9WgeSNpIkYFgASMfGgECLnmrL4eu7i0mMtoJTLHiUGPkKF6kj2qWNM177QE8L3XhtX0yyNrfbcNs5G3HP61hkSbpvJyAjHBbGdvPWtmlkuPFujJeppcMQM/l3EsHDPJwOQTx13YAxWaaxpI07UQY2V0LnkdB171jlujq409FVvQyXLbm3fE9xTuoyGaBZGYlgV69eVx/ar9d/Zdqt/o+l6taXem+TeoWEc1ysDLg4/jwD9KpvibS5dKvrmynMZnjjRm8uVZFzjnBUkY5961j0ZTe2Ag2Km6NqtzpGq21/Zvtnt3Ei/HHY/A9KFb+OtOKcDmnohH2n9mvjC28W6JBeRBFlxtlhBz5bDsc9PeqX9oHhqyg1i519YjHdOViyrel15BJX34HPsKyH7EPFA8P+MYo7iRls739w+Oz/wADfnx9a+jPHEbz6MZHUNC8i9R05/vXM1i9G8XaPlf7SwG1eFsjAjIP51UH5hZh03AVoP2yRbdQsyFABRs4+YrPcelg34Rg10w6MJdkZQSWx7U9ITHhpM5xkU20gx6K7qIVXjwcs0SnPXmqJExs07kcAAVI9MdrcoOCUGPzpiAMjE46jiujdJKecKMZFJjRDYenNSLeMlNzc05MUXg9qaacqSq9PemA9hV6ACk25IMjJ+JcEfnURldhuYkCp+nqA8it3WlYESctvYYwc9Ka2k9afm/xW+BxSCMj60wGSmByaTjFSGU7VwKbCFmO3PFAkNntXqeZE8o9d4754xTFAxUMTy3EaRIXkZgFVRyT7Vpq2Z07w5p0OR5o3vJg/wARaq/9m0Cm/uLx03vFtijGOQWzk/kOvxq0+JUlS5aNhgBRtHsMVhySuVG0FSsrt0C6lugzQi9XbIuOho1cSDYFUjIPNC9S27lYAkEU4iYGnJLPsGSaadAFDYGetPbJS2I0JPypxdNu5Odu0fE4rZMyYxZYuJ0jbgMcVGmdhKVQdDRCwgEWqxROMurdc/CoxTE0rnbjftxnnPXp7U/QoYWKQjPv704sDdScGpgAx0pp5PUVxxRYJCPLJUKzMQO2eK8qqDilrkLk0s7WiRVwHVmJ9OM9MZOee/yosqhICjk4FPX0cUdwy20rTQ4GJCu3ccc8ZPQ1EkJzg4zS1HpPqz8KAoWbaQ2b3WYxEJBHguNxOM/h64+PSkRHI9Rri+XtcOhYkDaQ2Npzzn34rx/w/SMUCY+ppxIpJYZJY43eKMZd1UkL8z2r2nvGlndeaoMrYEbkHI65H1rsV5cQaZLaQ7UjmGJeuXAIIB57YoAYLjAPv0pOaRFH+LcT04we9Kxg0CRGuTlzjtXIwViQj4n9a5P/AIjU/GgKKCwHGeaaEw3af4qow5Jxg0867YTu4w3A96m6pYvb6kiLwpcEHHuaVrcFvFdSReaVkToO3IzWaDIG2oZrgBT1Pak3qFLmVeCQcE1J0uJ1vYyCrAcnHamtSyt5LnoxNN6Q1tjkQ2WLOwzvYIp+XJ/tT2n2EuoTiG0jeWZjgIi5Jr1tbtLpFyQ3MDJJg9CCdp/qK0nwXNZ+Hrf75GxTUHmRYpQRiL1A5buMgMOv9azlKlZtFWZvPZTWty9tdRvFKpwVYYIPtim1h9GVzn2x+dXX7R9Rjv8AxEdrxTzL/iXKZ/esec89uaK+HPs7vtfs/wBqacYligGJo3fDbj1wPlQnoVGZPgSsvsdtcIJbGKJ3mkzWt7cRMNogYiRjkYOfjUJwF5J+tXFmUk0N7QpyelKXbTTOGPFcBI71RBLj2g/Gp9pcSRNujdlHQ7TjIoSj89akRuA2RQkK6NM8KeJ4ra2uUvLlkYBXaSciXeQfwovbIHU5xjqM1c/EekL4o8OWxsxBBqrKHMPoVsFuCwXgZyKxqC2aa0trkITGZPKfYOR/7itp+ye5uIdWfSjErz5LzysFVogvYHOCOnTua5uSGLyO7401KMk+10QPtX0GfT/sv8LWeobfvls8ysE5Byc8HH9qw+S0lhVWaJlhkVgjYOGx1xX1F9qnleI9GmltbiSSGO5WKPI4VgrbiPmayHXdKtofs6t5fL2XkGpvG+W5IZAen0rSL3SOZr0yFtucY5zSjgKACKdnQLLIAD170yANvxrRko6rOjqVOCOQfavrjSdSOr/ZNpV8zGR5UiLtnOGBIbP1Br5FJ+PNb39iGsi6+zrWtJc5ksrlJ1BP8Dkf/UD+dZTWjXjZSftnBS7sWxnIYf0rL+qMSc1un2naFcaro93PbDLWKCdl25LLkg4+XX6VhZ2jIJ4HtVcb0RPsjgFiQKkRAEbpcZAGM+1NhsAhOPelXCY8kgkhkBPNaEnprgLkJy1etUaUTM55C7uDUfDPKI4wWdjgKoySauGneB9bWz+830AsbaROHuOCRjOQo5PGPlkVLdDRUYzuyGHSmyATkk4+FTr61/ZupXVnPlpYXKMR0zSIJrNZg11DLIhzkBgv9qY0MzjeiEZ4HQV1pCJGKewqS11a+RsjhYMGY7sjkHGB9MfrUIEB3I+lJD8HoEEvqcnnmjulWFgNOnnviwkDhETGQRjLH5gUFjumFl5IQEGTfnvnBH96nJb6ld2F00cKpBAvmOfYcDOT8xTsQ21pIkCYXgor5+BGc0MQ4nf8qJahbXlrDtnu90bAKAjZDYJx07Zzg0Pt7f1k4DYx1PXPShCESspcYwW6YphlIYipSb7ULI8Cssg9Bdcg4POKYldmdix5PwoQBzwPcS2+sqig+VKQrHsp/hJ+v9av3jPB1RtvQqBj44rK7C5a0uQyZMg6c8H4VpusDzsS5wJY1lAznG5QcVjNVKzWD0V26VWHJGM9BQu4YlWQnJB7UWdcq2e1CrhcSMVHBpxF2MQeZ99tFXeIycvgcDnmrHePEZZHjXahPAPtVYxMxIFxsT+UcV4RIvMk7t8zVsNHI2D+IFIPG/OfoagKAbqX50a05LX75GUyZBnGT8DQLcUmd8ZBbFVEiRO7VHaFieMZzXFndh6QBSiZCudwqqEmLVSAuSMjrTsxiKxeXEsRVcOd5Yuffnp8hSdLtJNQvILdZhGZXChm6Lnuan6t4bnsLe4mlmVo45FjVhn95uPUUFXegWfLzkkUlpIx+ErwMcVM1bRntrkx2mZoioIlKlMn5Ghd1sNw5jTy14G0HODjmgm2h4Sxgc5zSg5yFEbEt0GOtJt0zaXTMM4UYyPjVgv7EKlvcKJPMSNFAHToc/WmlYWBAtw5KxwMT7U24nU4K4o2IL63kS4CxiNxkBuv5dqXd2290LJsD9OufhRQmyFpekz388cctylurc7mXIA96E3aiO5mjjm81FYhX6bh71cNbuHsdCNnA5HnFRIQOo9qqEcTKnnH8HQmh6BbPQwllDHmn7pfKa2CquWTPIry/h9ByOopWonF3ahj0jWkOjToLJL3S9LuXYvL5pt5PhtAZc/Gqr4qQx6/eAfzcflV08IwS6pomsRWc7g/e4JAUO0sGjYMD7DIFVbxBZ3A1C8leNvLSXyywyVU9hms0/2objFRT9B3h8FtTTpkA9a5eBZGYocgP/WntGjaLUAcdRgY+PFKuofInkjcYO0fn/wU2KHYbt71NQ0n7kLa3he3tiu6JMNN61PrPcgZ5qGbwPcX+18RBiWGeGwcD50rwXDLLraYiZolU+aR/Cp4yfqRSPEziK/kjLxvIxzI8eNrMDzjHBGeMj2qe3RtWrJ1xobQR6XcC8tJheHKxwyZdOcYYdjW5/ZpeXHhjXL+wu5FNiNKW+lBxuXCe/v1FYT4TjF9runwKQGaVVXPY1qF5N5M3jJ5n8uLyYbBWMJQE5BKBf4cjr7VnN/skVFJwbKrqWsWOseI7YXto8WkrNloo3zI4/idnPJb9OMCqz42i0xNbuBoUcqaeT+7WVssPnV0vPCV3Ha6ZfwRxSWt6qsjCQbuVPpx1zwaoVxCzz4weCBz2zVxaRg06BkNhcSxPLFDI6R/iZVJCj4+1R8HuK1FbW78PfZ4JILo41S5a3miT+JFQEA/HJNZ29uwkKlSDzkHtVRlZMo46GLOE3F1FCHRDI4Xc5wBk9SfajJ0u0RoVXU4meRFYgxthDk5UkZ6Y/WlfsB4tFtdQaaNjcStGsAzvG3HPTGDnHBNck025trqSK4heKWM4ZWGCp9q0jtmM3RfvA9hao02m3F5aPBfBURklyUlByjYIBHPH1q8aZpj6J4kja1iKlJVBlkUFm49S5+QNZBpttO2JPKcqp5IFb54I1WHU9FtbnUbUXUluWglYgFnPBDH34wOar8MZO5PTPMn87l+PqGn9969JviGxYeE9YazUs0N00xRBn/DJOPqCKofiSNbz7LdVdbhFhS5huI06s2Vxzjt8T7VrWgy2t9pmsAxyrZzSCVgvDYcYIH/AKf1rIpLWdfBHjHTb+U2ps3iEaBCTIilyo/7Tnr04rN8ag6R6fBzS5oKbXZgl1C0d1KHGTnIpkxgplvlirTqWkTypDcQxHeUB2Y/EMdR70A9MSz/AHpGUhSBkYO6pUkzfFgqQYJxWw/YFp1yuneI9TOwWbpFaDuzOJA/HwA/rWMSzFiSOB2rSfsO8RvZard6NLloNRUMv+WROQfqMj8qUloqDpmq6ze3On29/LY2/wB4l+6tiPB5OenHzr5aY+qUEbTnke1fU2uvdW+6SyiMswTG0Y6bhk8nsOa+ZtSs5mvb1yoGHduRjODz9fhS49DnvZG0m1N5eRQFggkbZu64onrnh+80qwiuLnZ5TnETBwfMAJGRjtkVH8LDZr2nySW/nwidA0Rzh8npxzVt1qBLy3SzuWkX1+aXjYEYbkcHj36Vr/6YTlKNUrKZ4Y8w+I9O8qMPKbiMKpOASWFbLCJdZmntYr6Q/cRJbyi5lCRLlCDsyccYJJ7isi8MW7DxPYxptfNwqru7kHjvV+0SG4XxheWRjMjTSSoV4yx2twO2flSpSCbcUZ74qUp4i1FWOWWUgneHyR3yOvzoQWGDRvxe+/xFeu3Du+5h0wxAz+tBGGenPyFOi07VjtjE1zL5cQ9WCakTWqwScOr4wcdR8qiBWgbLAqSOMjtSzKTyNpx7A0h2T5IJYbWDcVw4EgKj3+NGNQnN1p8C5WOYsqPtUjzEyoAwB2xn5mgmkxp99H30k24dEI3cepgP6ZNdPmQXyK58za4TDnOfVg8H5UhhXV7C3jhZY5iZCygCQhQiqDxyc/ShVzcFIRHmMhOPSAc/M96XqH7zzJMQmVpSzALj64HAHShM8jj0sRweAKEIltJJInlzcLHyoHQZ5qDKQZCV5FLiJkbAwAfel49ROADntQh3o8HaDbMFK54BxWgadeG/0OxlY5dYzE3H8uQM/Ss+mZ2Ty5MYXkVdfDimPwhDKgG9riRCT2Awf7mo5FoqH0IkIRWBOTnpUK5jEsTBRhiaMWtsl2k5dcuo9JHahk8TwyMjjDgDI9qhPZdFfuIyHbJIPsKUttH+7yxIYZJ9jUnUlUYK9WH60zFGjeUo5Y9eO9broxa2SdMhRLtChyQzcZ+BoLNtETZzu3569sUf05VS7VAASC/qxjsar82CHH+Y04+iORD09TTy8RnJ7VFjHp5YipQA8k4OeKYEzRXaGeCRAC4YEZ6Ua8Qancy6dHFMIVUTI2ASTxmgmnMI5ImbGARmlavOkoVVbJ3ZoAsetnUZyl5JbBYHAkZzkAcE1RkO6TJHetM1bUrZ/CKQlvLmMKkI8g3OMHDADtWaRn1kDtVNISv0mgH7pcHopKj9TVuljhfT0MkhjZNvBI2klcgDnOcc1VVlgFikbbvNadSwHTYB/XNS7u7RryOSOONI4zuEb+oE4/Ec9+KSvwtNLsMX9tKttD5suSsQx/Cen68UM0u6R3ENw7MgyQzZJX2pOr6xPcQLG6I8YwFk27T8Rnv1AoWjuXXyVPmOQq4qknexTcX0Wzx9aiC3sZUJKTKCD2br/tVXmWQwRpJG+xUABOAc1aPGXn2+kadFdFXeNkGOwwlVyW5EsMgKnLdMjvU8l2HG9DEYwgrmt83a47RqP0pxFJHAHFR9UeN7tzBu2AADd16VKKvRtP2Mx7LrW7YkFRHG4x3xJj+jVE1QWMer+Krec3CyPal41QBl3Bt2Wz07c/E0Z+yGyeHxLKtwjItzYMChBBypQ/2zVi8ReBtRttT1PW7axMsFwrQxjGRyMZrKH+R0E1+isy3RtPijv7mUkSRJbCXkdCVzQzV4SZbVyp9UfPzq+eHfBGvapdS2CwyQO67SpTblfj8MVM1/wHeaLqMdvrW3yEjJR8DIO33HUZ7VclQoFH8G3ktjr95FE5XzreWIj39O4fqoNV7WSRqlwp4CcAfCrppemRp4zW4SJjaH+MZ2hiMYz9aY1DwjdXOrXcltZSmGRHKlVON+TjHw6VCauzSSbVCfA+lRan4lsbcfuRLZPJlOfUInOfhyuauf216pcGTRLBrgEi3jmmjUYJk2gbm+PWhvgjRNV0XxJo19JagQRxGOcuw4B3g8Z9jVh+1bw5f614tjutHtoZbJIUTcrjBA54/Ok2rsKajRbPCssM3gm03Pujiu4YVDr+HqeD/5sVjuu6S9nqDnB535HyNbL4RtJ47N7KWxZbLMcyDyyT5qvz9NuKHeI/Ct7qVsDFYFZ1kkO5xtG1h3P0rFyplRjcQJ4ptWstC8ORsFcRS/eJ0bkEucA/8ApAoD4R0Iz+LYE1NsLfCUo5AbP41DnPbK81qGp6b+0dKiiubW3juEhjTJfHKgj+4/Whdvp72+r21xcS2v3e3hMKDLFsEH2HXLH9KqMvENrJ2Z69neX2qx2s6lharHBGFjwBGDgcdsjn61b9HsoYbiVVSWW0eaWUqybxIY22KG/Mn61YfL0+C3hukRpdTmLJNKqNgKvC4THy+fNFiulwQQrBDqAbkcqTgHBPXHU5rRSp6M3C1srfjnRIdT8gaLo6WgjX1OH/Hn4GmvCejXek6kbS7mfD7HxbyYAkDKArHvw5yPhVruYUDq1qs8rnqZYe3t/alx2ErSNcTQOrIjOgVDweOeR8M/StZctrFnL/TRcsmHPDyfdNNvU83z40tcgsRuYiV85x35xQPxFcRPZa3bureVdaW8wcY25Qnggjr6hj5Gm9C1qe48QeJ7B0hEVtpsksG1Cu7LZOffkdaj6l480keENOudQDta6np81uY0BPrAUgfmetKnaN1UYtIzLTZY9V8O2kKDbNa7chR6iuMZH6VRvtCs5o7pZJYjH5sasSVI3HGDVs8L6uuk/crg4EX+HKD/ACluv0q4faLoKa5oBEIUzoN8TE4BPsT7EVzP9JmqlnE+aClWX7MH8vx1pO3+KQr091anG8O3KySpNDGQin/BcFiewFT/AAHo1za+NNJme0uI4lmJ3OhwBtbvW7loyUWb/Y27X2qGBVyTA5/UV89+MdElsfF97atmPzZiwVjhSG5Hy6mvpLwwxTxEm3ALQSAZ+hrGvtzh2ast6iP5Ks0fmEgqxJyOnXo36VnDZpJJGaxWvlahDDAGjdrnYPVnaQ3HI+Her/faWlpoEd6QwYMhXP8AKy+/fn8qzqw1ULq9jJt9SXSyZHHO79K2DxTqcE/hiS2t50ny4wBwQA2T8MfGrkCpGS+H4hJ4stEYhVNzjJ7da0+/uk03UmnjiUbJU2yopJRSjE7c9CSefnWa6KDH4ps96cfeBxnBJrVbzTGj0dJNWheG53KJIy4y4yOSRkA8Gqszmr0Yh4jJbUnZjlmVSSe5xQznHXFG/FaKmqybRhe3PQZNBuoODVko4d7DLvnjA3HpVi8LWqTQFYIo2v3fes0vKxoOOnck/wBKrTHg5IrY/sZs9H1RLyDUljMkSRhBuKMRznp1FRNutGvFV2zIpjcwSypcMSd5LA8ZYd6Ka0WXXpF3YRyJRxn8QDf3Na79r2ieGdI8Lz3AtIIdQnkUW7FmLNgjdgZ9u9Y9qcFxcDT5ljZiYArH4KxUfoBQnrZM6XRIe1KxvcRSRyxk7CwyCTjORQOXaCeDz1oglpcIkqlwm9AMD3B/96YmtzECG59zQmiBkIVtVfkDcV6fI0mKUqxKsQ3wrjnzCAdxUDoTgCksojwRxTsY45zvJOWIrVvs+0iPUPs8idnZX+/TA4x7LWX6RYXWrX0VpZRNLcTHai+5+PsPjX0VoukQ+HfDVjo8biSSMGWV8fjduSR8O3yFZ8kvDSCK5YeHY445QsswJOMgCuS+E7Nizu8zMeSS3+1WuIbY8Aj5VFuSQDsrNfZbMc8WabFp99EkW7y3QnLHPOeaGoD5q7UyQOgNWT7R22ajZRkY/dsfmM0BEboy7cqSufnW8XoxZL04SCeRhGUQhwSp46Hj9KqUoJZ/nWneGr+1i8KavZXOw3M7I8P4t3AbPTjv396zKX8T/OtOiFtDkUY2jIyaXKNsRwK7F+FflXbj/Cb5UWM6JNkK++KisxJz9aSZDtHHGK5vGV5+dAFv+0SGGx1SxtrRURI9OtwwX+YxhmJ+JLHNVWBNznGMmndQ1G41C6M97PJcS4C73OTgDAH0Arlim9mySPlTAclgMRidv8PeASPzqTPaQz3bFn2wg5+ODUnxEiW+k6TCjFtwkmYt1ySB/ahkl8GsktxGBh97N3zyMfLmq6BBG4XShpkkCzztMu54yclM/l3qBpd9BbyxtNbmQdGGe3wpmO5VZEYxq4VdpVuh+NMqUVmIB6YxQ52JRSC+t6qur6mZkhMUQVQsechcDFNxbXEgVV9I9qFw7mc+X1FSUWZAzIRg/i4qG77LUfokbc+n3xUC8UJcyKOgNEYuZEz7jNDrwhrqVuPxGiPYuj6stNM1CCWKaOLbKhB/GBkAYIz8ana3qfjGRora1tpBYEFidu+NSOzHFWlZEB9G0Ueg1eJdHkt5pwufYg4rm45KLs6uaT5NMxvRB4xg1Iz2dlOk4Y/4Med4/Pip3irSvGmqWvm6vp8vmhsr5rqAy/QnHetW8MX9ol4qxyM8h4/DgfnRTxpqQtbLbtifcM4Jrd8mSObGnoxWwsVtrJbaa1RI06Rk55+go1Z3vlNwzqo/h5K/rQnV9buN7LD5cQz/AAoP61Wri6uJCS8shz8eK5ZHSafF4kt4VG8x5/zAVxPF8jPstNuc8YXj9M1lqGRjgAk+wHNTorS7jGZWFuh5/eMQT/5Ryaihpsvmoa9qDqd16sfyTH980CvZ7y6XbHrMjO3YJgD+9AwY0zsVpm9z6R/rSkuJBwp8se0Yx/vTSSAnXOiXLRZbW7kuff0D8s5qO3hligMesXckvf8AhX/WuJM3OO9Tba4YHDHA9zSzS8DElW/hm9+6qbLU7syjqVAUD65ya7ceF9W8pDDqmpyT59W5sKPlyc0b0u4tlA86aLHsHdf6CrHptzYTSARCN8e0rn+oFP8AIicWyo2mkeJLOKFrLV9QM/R1c+gfLuaKW2jeIr26aHUp7iRNuz/F9IIGAfqc1pOnC2CDYIAQN5+AHekXF7beRNNAQ7oVBC+5NdfC4y7R5ny48q/aM6SKbo3g+80rXb/U7t1k+9Wb2xwTwOo4rJftb8Ny6FoeklmfyfPkRFYY2+kdPbpX0rqcp+5owYerjb78VjH/AMRM4m8K6WGm82SK7ORtC9UPt8q0X96NOPXHTdmRjwrrWpeFYbvSraW6WaRhtXA2bTjj3zWg+H9Uuh4Wtk1uF7e+iTy5o34I28buffANRfs91uWHwjHa3G02olkwFOGGT3+FSNcW31SD0QKCoON3f61y81yk0dEZKEbZmesabZrqMslndND5jbgm4jB6nHHTmn/DA1JfEemt5zzWwnUMwmyNp45FBdesLu0u9zRTxjOFIGQfkak+DoLhPEmmuVkVfPXdhccd806aWy1KMto36J0t9St5WTzBtZSN+3gr1/2qk/bBc266JPbxWqyLJsfDLluDn046DHerxbyCPULJ2GVyQfltNQfGF7CkizyRkW8JG9Y13+YDxgjr3PFTF0ykrR8xLdW6kFbBQwIIIPSrNHrMDwOrKiMyn1c8nNDdc0C4XWruPT7K4NqJT5fp6A9BmmG0e7hXEkMufYDj861WzKUXZM0qSzfWg93cqsOCd20tg8YreovB2mSxJme4beqsRMxEZyuenfPSvm9bSVXB8rr0JrTfBmsaw90N1yLcRxnYgwA4UfhAJxnH51E0/Cl9Mov2taRb6Z4yms7EFkVI9oVi3JHQdzyaAf8A4X1n/wDi7pf+5cf1q5faFZ3U/iEX08pkkk24kRcAEdKvml+LbYwoLyORXAGX2B1J7njnr8KrNpCULZiSWDWdtLJcWqFoQSwLg98djQm31K4sdXjvbVjBLEwKeWcYHtWu/a9qmnX2gWa2ckLSG49excHG09axy6t/LRWLZLDPT41UdrZLWL0PeINe1LxBe/edVupLiQDagbog9gOgqRpl9LELdbpma2U4Kjr8KGrD+7BxznrTrDdbZ3cg9KppNEh03xdnaMkLjjA5PzqNJeK4bPIyRzV30/7PLi402yuoLy3VpYEl2spGCRnHWo939nGrwhzE1tN34J/0rBUmVgyj742Kk7WzwBXFIeUrtBbHXHFHZ/Bmr2ZIa0ZyeAEbOKE3Fhe2k5Wa0ljPcFTzV2mFUEfAmufsbxHBO5CQvmGRmHAVuM/DnFbpOnmzLLI4ywAODxxXzRJHM7MPKcj2CmvoDwbdPqXhTS55g/mJF5Lbhg7l4/0qJr00g9UGoFLJwc4phnkyVNuytnqe9TLNSAwXoaeSKZmPmKgUDgrUIpmR/aFYoNStpLof9MqPXt5zmqFf3SplITJuQ4zuyPpWufaVpi6hos+0fvYDuQnuf/bNY2bKXuy4+dbQMmGvD0zI7OZiqPC28HkHig8duZN5c7eeOKdjka3i2ls4GMUgXrHIbOKsNHjFt/jrkufLKkjmkm4BPf8AKmZJATxVIQoYIwQKb8oN+HPFeDgjGBXY3Ck9aYjnklcnmnYJPLyQaUpY8+rFcWPJJOcUAcuZpLmRWlbIUbQPYUwyEkkZFSSEA4PNeXB69KAojpG2eRSih7CpDhV/Cc0qME88ZoseJFiV423KPnUrz2Khdppflt7rSTMIWKyJnjtSKWuxyMgkcg0Nc/vG+dLDMMsCR8aYLHJ700Qz7IWSyLYa5lcn4k0Wt5IzaskLkRn/ACn/AEqrRyIGGMUZtY7p4C23yoe7ynYv61yRR1NBXTRCtwNkhz8z1ohr7W7IiykkledrbjVegls4H9dw9w/8sQ2r/wCo/wBqlXOpS7P/AAqLAPdRlv8A1HmqFRDk0PT5VMtyZoI253SnZ+Xc1B+4+H485E8p+GQP96YuQ0kjPI7MxPLMcmoksJbODS0PYXFzpUUeyCJ4FxjMXpJ+Zzmo+zRCxZxPk88tn+9B5LJm7k1Gm0xiDtJzS0GywD9hp/DJ9W/3pJu9AjyfIkP/AJ/96rQ02QZztpxNPZeoH5U6FYf/AGjoT8CwnI/7v/up2O/0RelhKB/3/wD3UEitNv8ADUpIQBjYPyqcR5BpNT0NuDY3J+UuP/qqdY6lo8MqvFYXI+Pn/wBs1XYoF5yv5VLiXYpbA4+FGKE3ZfIfEijSLma3spY0dRCkpxsU99zUNtZX1O2gRZJRLGdx2ndCwD7s5HQ8YyfYU7rpNp4N07TABl28yQ4xz+I/qa5pcbWmjwRKFaKSDDrjrn/nSt/ipSZ5f8lKXFxtpWWTV7j7ujRQtMXQAqCRtXIz0rHfHVxqOtTtaXfh6WS1jl3RzC7EfmEAjPQ44J4rUNUldzbygMQ8cZYqOelVTxkjfd0HrEDNzgHg/SuvmgoJTR5/8X8r83JycD/16KBp5+6W6QQWEcNtu/ej74ZXAPUhSoB/OiE1xBa4WKQy2z8liMOnyH++KbvrSGGNZoVZgMBy24YPz+NNO8Qt/PSKCSP+OOTt+XOK4pu3Z9CoqqGJnSRT++t2iJ/jRzn5jpXtLslS7jmiVPS4bAVtv0J6VFBeNzcaXFJsxmSIHOP9qtnh6/jvreVfu8sEip/1JS2447c1N6BRS6C9+NyWuD1b+1A9bFwu5Imbn+EZJNH5k3i0H+cf0NQdYtso7GOe4UdojtdfkalIEzPZW1YyPMl04UHBO0NgfEVy4jvJ4DI8oeMDnbGCvzzzj8hRKW3ErmSA3VwVzlZCscifI96jLLOrF45pA6nHl7hHL+Y4P1quiqK7JiRGSZw7fzCNTge24Ci+kWzrKrR3iqMHZu9/hnio80plvt3l4kHQyKqO31HBqbFEbm9RCAk7YHKbCPj6eDRkTRI1nTreezZZ1LDd5igNscDHPw69qF6N4afVZWXTmI2YDmRgAoOcE9+3tRjxFeiOHaSw2DbvYEbuPf8Asaa8LeNLXSLZree2jdCxPmwgBs/Hsf0oTFRB8aeDNJtY7W21DXJot7eYFVF+WSvUjrWUeMNFuNEvobecBo2jDxTKDtlQk4Yf84rdPEPiDwl4otrd7qUO0BPJGxlPQhucgcdPyrP/ALYPE2n65DZWGmxNMbVyRKq8AYxtB79B+VXFuyWtWZ3LJbjRVjVv/Fefkrz+ArjPt1FQ1cmLySpJY8Yp6OxuH5EJUe7VyWFraZTu9Q9QOK1MzcbLxhZR2kENxaXcPlxqmdoccDHY57VJh8VaTITtu0jb2kBQ/rWb2d2t1CskFwCSPUsuBg9+aeJEjYlOARjI9QrncTeMjQNQ1NZ7ZvJuA2B1VwazS/vJDcs7yuWBP8VJlhgBPlMhk/yEr+fSocmmBgZH2KP/AOx1oikgbsTJeEE5dv8A1Vsf2eRKvg+z2kM0rSTHnIGWIH1wBWGzWBJO2FyB3BJzWkfY5dSxpqGnEt5aqJ0BP4ecMB+lVNaEuzTrYjI45qWqHYSOlQ9MVmkJIBGcZNFfLyCF5B7CshsqGvROY5EZdyYIb61gF5OkNxLCckxsUOB3BxX0pqsOyCZUH7xxgZNfNF9AsVzMpc71cg5HcE5rWDIaIcs2/OAaY3N7VJMYPOaSY+eGArZEjS5I5r2BTpjPY5pOxvY00I5EqscHOK86BWwOlLjwpyeK65DD0nmgBogjoTSld16Ma9jI561zaaAPbjknNKjlZfiPakFTXugoAe88E5ZAflSxOmMhCPrUXtXhRQ7JMlxkDYCKYdyxJY5NcrnzoELQowYSMwAHGB3phhjPtTlJIoGj63XVBFxYWsUA6b29b/men0pLXEtw26eVpG92OaGI4XoafWZQOvPtXGmdQRhZUIJp+S63LjJ/KhQuAOhNKScMRlC49t2M07CiQ0g7n86etba4uc+RC7j+bGB+dFNJteFkaxhjX+ZyWY/nRSW5S0jJYhR2z3+AFSFA228PysM3Eyxj2UbjUPWdOFlPGsbsyOufVjqKmnXJ2c4hTbnjPUUi8uWvhGZgo2ZxtFUhAURLn1U6kSexomkEY5ODSmNugOXUcdDQAPEAHVadW3HsKVLe2qEgtn4gUiPU4Cw2o+PeiwJCWwx0qZp9kk19bwsmVZwWz7Dk/wBKVask6BkIKminhuLzLu4nYEogCJjnnvSk6QRVsb8VvvuVBziKPOPbOT/ap1smYoIzwREo+HQUO1WQS3Fy+M+or9BxRm3MQl2tJGu0AKCeavieKSMPkLKwa0pW0gjLhEjRox2YkNUr7sLmyZM5JHBI701Hbqt1K5OSspxjgjPU5+tG02o+xjntyCTXdzckZcSSPm/4743Lw/MnyT6dopjaDfvJJGl2scbjBGwH8qrq+HNStLoxz3yGM8HMe8MP/VWlX4msmR4Y1ZG6tJLt/Sol/pkmt2wZLq4s5UO4G0lxu46HivPs+pRmOpeGNQ0qbz7YmaxOCGe4ZNvwIJpi00q6Ui6s9rEMN8MUgYhe54I4+FaFZaDcKHiuZLu5jYbXE90rfpigF94am0i6Z4711tSePMlwflQBKmby4rZsA+scGnzcNvAwAvvj/ntTV7GzQWyoMsXTAoNNNf2l4yhYniY4ZGuFQr8QPeghEzVNItL4CR7QPJj0yRAg/M4HP1oBqelTJAI7yxluYB+F4o9jr/5j/fijv7bmtpTC8QcRgD/Exz1zx86cPiLcu1rXI/8AmtWL5GmdC47RRJtHvY4j5QlvLbH+DPD+8T4jDf0/Kpvh/SbqG7jeOz1VI9p3K0BGD7g1YLi9il5S2MZ+Ep/pRK18UXkEaqqIwUAeonmhcj9E+Mq+o6ZqFrpN65gnii3+YT5fQDvzVGu9RuWiMct3cmBjyYnyPqtbRceLZri3khlsrdo5FKurEsCCOcisI1uCOC+kWKB7QqT0lBAGeODyK0hLIhxorHjCeyghtUXZLMX3kBCOBx6j/aotpe2kwRidhHUHpQjxRcNcarIGYP5foBHehIyv4SRXVFaOdvZfLy5sZYVWKXAHWq5qbQyf4RPpOOaG20rF9rMTnp1qRLwmNvfrVUSE9AdD5kUgYsQGwGHHboetFjbFnxHOqH+V8r/tQLw9IranbwPFHIHYrzx1HuKuF/pcC+i2hv4pTjKvEGjz881lPRpDYGvhdpGBKG2DowAI/MUPaZwoCsSPpVvtfDGoTlS8McceQS8UuP05oqfB0DL/AOJk8/4lQp/MVCnFF4sz831yY/L3Rkezjn9aun2TpLFfajdSqVXylhHH4iWzxn/t/Wo994OiH/6a5lXH8MgDiiXhGCbRppIryCCW2IJUxkg7jx0P0pykmqGk0aZpH3lxcTzCMLuwkaHO1R70Wt5gw4wKrmn3KQWs88LOEReYyOhxR2zOVXeeWGflWaBkbUOICWODivm3xXam08R6hEc480sM9w3IP619I6kAVIJ7VkX2oWFtbyx3kcfmSOPWCvQdjVQlTE43EzXae+B8zXBCepXA9+tPmVCPSm35N/rXYzG4I3er/Mv9xW5kMEDp1+RpY27TkVIdXK+n1D4MGpsYBO5MH5EUCGQue4A+Jrm0dxxTrjPIDY+hpC/8zTTAS0S/zD6U20Qxwfzp8qdoyGH0zSdvsyk/l/WiwGih+FJKEU8UccFTj5f6V7jGD2ppgMEEdRSTT+wZ4FeKAjmmAwOa9TmzA4pGKAOUkilYpJoA+kY7leu3mnknLnlCKj22ZXCRKZGboFGTVr0vQFG2S9Px8ten1NcR2sG6fY3F6wWKNivdicKPrVs0zSobNQ7ASyj+I9B8hTks8VpACxVIl6ADA+lV7UNZluAyRkpF7DqfnQAa1HWI7cMsO15ehOeFquT3Mtw7PJISSeuaiFmJ5PFcLYHWgLH88fjJ+tJEpX+Jvlmosk2zI5+dPWMfnyEuMKPfvQInRpPICfNjX4M9cks7naX3Ky/BqlxWkY/6UQA7kZJqbCoB4UYX2XFArK6qvySjDB6kU4jAjtVqjhWVRkDpnkU7baNbSlC0C4zyM44oCyDoVpP91eREb1fhJq66PC9hpzGQc7S7HI60i6UWGm5toRNOQAg7DJ6n5UzLc3LabMJ1VUOEBwckk9KmT8Kg6tgi5WRljwcszKM47kijv/7iPADZbgZwKCBy9xCAeQ4H61ZdFtobkO88QZkPDbuMfKrRjLWyBMETVZYvWN21xjvxRBtPlmljlja4KlcnbJx+VVhPEltceNdW04FFNnBEN2OpJPH04/Ortp91braAyN5ZDlRtAy3et22lR58IRlPNe7IzWiLbNHPOVYtxuYE13T7FoDvkaRh7u4wR9DRG4CXsTxQtHuHdxkiq7rHiax0m8S2vd4uiP8ND6fmOMVzuz0Y9HrvTDJfSXEerXcSqQXjVhs+nH96b1SzgvtLa2Ny+8erzNx3ZHzGDUm31Y6sVFtABGo/FuOTntVa12C5s7uTZa3AQ8+Z57FfqPrQmDIepTpbWsErE+l0bgdOaC6rq2l61fQ2gmmtLpjgyiNVDHsM0VvWg8u0Fxgxh42cEZ9O4Zoz+z7CGTfHZ2IU+pW8sZ+hPNXJUREoMtv8Ad7maLzHkKOVLt1NdHWpGoMsup3rqRgzN0pnFcr7Os8OKUOK4opzbSA8uN2Ky/wATXN+NTaPWR5qAny1lGPR2wwGcYxWmqCHzUS936nAILzS3njK9JYsDj3PVfgR9RWnG6ZE1aPnfxVpVtp8tq1rfi8eeMyS+gr5bbsbeevzoJGjO4VeSatn2mWaWHiqa3jtntohEjJG5yQCM9cnPOaEeG4UlvWkkTzEjU8dOT0rvi/1s4mtgcZHNGNKsjqO8CWOJAQCzcfpQlsqxFXfwRc2dppzi90yO78yTeHyQwGMY9iKJOlYRVsTDorafG+yGK6B/68Z34+RHT8qetIGLAW8skL9wz4H5j+9Gr+9ZvMbRLGS2yvHlAhgO/bmgth5V04E2pzQS7gDGwC7jz/FkADp1rC2+zZUgxJd6zEiofvKsBw6PwR78cGptpdanNblhqOAOonRF/XNBJNKiZI5S7ynauIY5jKznPcDkZ+HSmJdPtUE0jJFIqqCCsmRjuTg8AdOe+ajFFBG4u3jcl9YMDE84mDr+RFSdKvjPcPG+qwXUaxs7bE2sBj3HxxQf9mRzxzfd9LlBXgZXZg4wSO547EUb0B4bO2awvNOUAgOGVCrSkE884J6VTQJh/R9SlNtBFDNHG80gVt/qO32+taBDJ5acAZ4GM8YqizXcEETTxWrbfw79mFx7cdOaIad4htLyEiKZcrwUzg9ux5xUob2WPVCTCxQkPjAxVE1OD77eyrJH5gRQSD0HvRu+1lEtlS1ZWmB9Sscke1Cby8iaDbvRXfl17j50gXVGN30KQXlzGjoVDkAFc8VCER5IAwPiKses6eBdMiOHZuRnGCcnPP5UPhs4VcrdROrdgH4roTMZIFowXqin606JMqdu4fXIowllaLvE0R/y7ct/ehc6xo5CqwH/AD3oJobwT2WkgYbBNewOwzXWXaQcMtMQ6sBZSV2vj2baabcSL/DIo9iM17IxyQ3wxXtwz6WlT4g5FMZ5HJ6DLf5TivO0qH1BsfEZru9iCPPB+fFeBKKWLkHtigQkOD2XPw4rnU89PzpRl3csFY+5FJzntiqA8QvZs00/XpTg56V4r70AR65in2HHFM7TTA+j7C5ntMi2lMZPUqBk1NGo3rdbuYD4HFCUbHODTqOc/PtXEdjCDTSykeZLJIRwNxzilKQFDE8j3qKp9WAwAx7da6u7eQxB+VAWSN/B2DikSOAD6gBTbPgg449h2pkuSTnOBQIftUaeZcgke+OKPRfu4wgO7BxwKE2d1tymMDvjFF7Q7kJIB3DOM0gJcWeNudx6cYp6NtoK4IyfnTEDkbd59XTj41NtkO5mjC+3B6UCJMC4Hp5I5JolbOVVpNpJAAIzUOJHxiQkORj5GpLb/urAHMn4QCQOfYUAGNHDXsrhwhjjwQUBGT9ab8WzLFHaWw6uxfHfA/8Aei/h61EGnozDDy+tiTkmql4xus60UWNnEKhM44BPJ/qKm7ZXgOglWXUrRYypG9mP0Unirx4ZAdrn08gAbjVE0hBNrSSZT93G5IxyScAH+tXbw9uW4lIVuoBParWmRJWmjObVP2N9smq23lwhdVgE6TOpJUjqBj3P9q0R5vIhf93DLjBO84APTj3oP9pWnbTaapCMSwPtZgOdp/tTemaol6UDN5bsODnIz3q5TtnNxwWP/BjUvtC/Zd6LYWJnI4ZbaFiR8OKlWdnoHj6aE6ho93FMiF0aaKVB15w/GDntWgaXaWItozGibmHO45Oe9SZrSDy22IqORwyjBqaNc/CiT+GIvDFkz6Zc3Cx5/wCpIWI/7T2rN/tG1DVlt4prS4uWAOJEVj+8Hb4cH+tb4NNtbq1AkV5EbnDOTVa1fw15UheyG6M9VY9PlUtMqMk9HzNqfiLUo7SK3vTLFLjaQ5C559/b4/GtJ8Ca7catokaX9kwMIxHIZNwdT054OfmPrT/i7QLe7322owtJG+SoBwVPwPY0I8P6ZNpNmLZJ3kSA/um6OE/lb5Gm5WtjUaJF4v8A+YXeBgea3HtUOR9rnMhwOwXNSA5lmmc9WkJNdEMZJJjXJ6kisE6N2rIsNwufxM+c4yAOnXvTqXHqwYzj33r/AK1KSGPH+Gnw9IpflR/yJn5UWNKhsYKhhg55qvJD4vlfEktokJYqdzgMU7H0jKt8Rn4irPtA+AxVX1mbXNNvzBp9lcXdnJGXjkUr+6bn0gseR8D9KqBEzFvtL++Dxddw6jcefPCqJvznjGQOg96tP2beDY9b8Om6lu3iBuHTaiAk4A5zVM8cX0+oeI7u7vIliuHVPMjUEbSFAxg9DxWl6D4P1qz0Wyggu0EM0YlkjDN6JD6lYdMYyMkZ6dK65uoJWcqVyZjl5H5N5PDnOyRlz74JFX/w/rDR6BbWNxNm1Kg+lDuT5Ef0qiahDNHqV1FN651mZGxzltxB/WtPh8JR/suHy5/JuI1COZDmPPs3AKH5jHxp8jVbDj7B0lhcXEpOkXLXqnspKyD5qf7ZobeWM6uyXSRhh13yLuH61LnsLjT7gx3u+B15Uqp5HuD3Hxrs8ttcvm7kmdjwZAo3f15rNFtEC1W9sMS2s8EqZGYTICSAc4x7fKp9rr0dwJre/dbWN23unlnBYdwRzn4HioH3F5ZGFqyyDqM4U4+pph7djlZRG4HHqbkfI09BstG6T7tFd25aRTjCGQbi+cbcA5I46frip1zqP/gWIaG4kkTK7gVeIt1AzwenbrVNtLJ4ZVls7+FHByI3yTn8sGptpDdG5LzMFY4BMVtk8dPrSpDTDU8qyJBG9xJY2pBK8sHAIz6tvBJ7DPfsKalMCzxHdcTCEBgySAkjI3bjn24HenYtHku5Gdp755mO4maEgE+5OaeOiXmWBhY54J4ANKxgrUriZoRFawgKjHbJ+PO5s/i+vcmg73V4pLbkDdJCx/EOuKvNnpiJhLu1RRjGfOJJ+leudHgZSEtbTaehZSxoySFTZmE16HYlpB1z1pdvqkcYO8q2RyACM/UVcrrQ7QkxvDbjPdItp/Ohlx4bghbcs8qfIjFWpolpgU6laTIqNZyHAxuQHPz5pq2jaaQIWkUf5k4H50Vm0x4wVSQyqfc1ENsY2O5SKpNBX2OSaTD5ZYzqrdiOBUCW0cHbFcJKOw3VMUkZGMj2NOLK4U+hVPZlGCKLE9ghreRTtkt23HoQCDTsVhclcxLKvwdcVOfUL+EYSXevsyimnvLm74kt5N380eRT2GKIIsriSQjahfv6hXbizaJf3jxq38uc0+LW8jPmRbj3weDSxqUsbbbiFWI/mGKexUQEt5XQsihsdcGkMrISHUgj34orNqEU0eIv3Lj3QEVyOeURf+It/Nj7OozSyYsQSfga9zg8GjX3WymXJby+/Tbio7WgVsW90pPtTUh4gvIPfBrx571OmguFB8yJW/zBQahFVGQykGqTsTRvsSsCG7n27U9lc5zzTCYPGSD79qcJUDOCVz1xmuM6ByNirAlxjvSzJ6NoznPGaZYj3HbtXmdUwv4m784x8KAHmbAwRyKQfScgHeT0ApsyKVHxHYfnS1fIG0F2zwM4oAQCwbIJJz0B6VY7ByMYkRcgHk859gKrxXByQzH8QDdKOaQyrGrjywSMAdf1oAM2xVnZwBkcDPAzU22uAx3B1+bL/aoUDMEZ3ZFYgkgd/wDnWpKrldrhWIGVw3PxPP8AvQATgnKgnIweNw4BBqPcNNfXUVtCu0M4G9Wxnnp/enrZV27zHIOMEr7fEZ69aJ+FdOSXWJbl0dGjBHOcHtQxouSBIrdVBAVQFHPYVnGpyxT3dzJjeZpSVwc9OPy6Vd/EdyLTSrh4thl2kIDz6jwKzCw3wxhXkeRs4XcvAPOcAD4YqYAwr4ebfqV6/lKgVET9ST/arVpM17ueO0ZduckuOM1UNIuFs5p/vLCOKYgjeTuBAxyT1H9KsdvdyWoYwnhuetUIO61YTT6Hc/e3V2Vd2EU9MYIwOemayPw/4ostG1NbPU2khilf93LcW5jKHPfcMgEd62bSr0ahaFGkO/GCV4INfNn2+aH4g0/xDNeT+beaZIDJHImWEag9COxH9OapEH0Jol5HbXskjMHgn53fiI9iD7UfF7bzvmK9hAx0LYx+dfF/gn7RdW8OyxIJmvNMB9VtIe3+Vuq/SvofwZ478GeK4VhNytnfPj9zctscH2Vjwf8AnFN2icUajY3Eb74UnikkTlth96RcDeMSKDntjIqsto97YXLS6dcFkYYyAFYD+hojDvkGybUZjJj8IIU/lUOQ1Ctlb8aaaiQCaBVVVOcAYwfcCqI94La4V33tj27itO1LSIZQ37yUt7s2f61nWrWBtb6S0bYV/EjEc49qns0QOnVPvlw0JBiaQlSPaugfCmPvFvbu8ctxEjBuAzheO3WnPvlrjP3mED/5g/1rM1T0OoMZpYFRDqViDg3ttn28wf6179q2C8m9twP/AJgooZLYZVh0yKqbara6OJEvL2Z1UZWORRyfhzn60bm17S0Rz9/tshScBxms0jtYPE87XE92YbwKA+QSpwMA47fGr419kTZWdeig1jW7vULgBBNJvOT2/wDatSbxlpkRWK1Kt5caZBlXAyPSBzkmqXd+Eb2ISrE9vPHjIYNjNVpDceH71YZ43QBt0DEn0ZPIGDg59zW9KXph1skaZpLv42t7m9Mcm6886SPGMndux+dapeakzIlzIsEcquQ0gTa6Jn+MMwOPn+VY9NqskN2bmKWM3CncA+G5+OeDRfT/ABAJxujd0Ukb0Zj6T3kcqoyPYdqcothGkaBMsN8PKnRLiJ13WyKdkbnvgqCVHzoZYeGNInYrKbhZc42M+0Z74yAT86B/tGVI1jmZnWfBjeQcznGcnc/oUfKlRay0wzJKpuIx5ZePYGbj8Ee1SSPjUU/CrLLdaL4d0wA3cfq7b5CTUV7XRZ3abTEs3mA5jnX0t/pUe6uotasTb3AKXUfIbawEZ/lJbGT8KqNwk1tOUO5XU0lF/Y7Liuu2dhIYrjR0t5QMegLg/I45qXbeJraVl3QPEpI9S84+Yqt6Zd3UyLFc2LXkS9MxkkfI0fjiltAZbC2hSNuWiljHpPwNFBZO1iSa7sC2nzKOOcH8XyPY1VItfv7X927CUDtIMn86tNrqcxdYpILdJSM+Wrcke9Q9X0uLUP3gjaKQdSn+hFKOgB9p4itZiRdo0bnuTkfnTd14iFrLte1PlH8Lhs5r1p4YsbrcPv7sw6qm2iVv4ZsIYmhZppEPUM/H+1VpCVgN/E9jLlHtpl/zDBFRhBZXkoA1LazdFbik+IvC62oMtjcLsPPlSNyPkaCWui6nOA0Nq5A7nAFWkqsTbLnb6OkVuU83cT/ERzQfVvDLygvBMQ5+NF9Ki1FbcLfQqhAwCrdfnT0q3EeWjyR3B5qLoqiifsrUreYKyCQflUp9MmeP07kb2JzR661uKDKXERV891JFegu7a8B+7Ftx7FcU82TiilXllqFt6mj8xfdeaYh1N4mAZWX5GrHq1xf2chJhVox/EOaGftaCRs3NohbHVQM/rWkZNiehcOpPLHlAG+YxQzUbp5T+8Ur7UW8+0njP3TasmPwkYoTJdypIyyxKR7YxTRLFadfiFgGWLb/NtwRRF9Rulcm2KSR/yjGaEMLKU/xRN39qnWcUCcqN+OhJzim0HQl9WEn7u5t1IJ5xwaaa5QNi1O0H+ZRUi7vrIlklgLMOMgUKZoSx2BkHxOaEgDBe/EO5FSVSOqYNDnnbefOTJ7gjFS7B3t08xZw0ZGCoPT6U+b2GdtsoV/bcMVPQjXDI20ZB+IxxXGclicELgfH+lIXAfBcnOeCakR5DnDEFhz8KwNxG70ZAPHPNLJ3KN3HGM9KWFGAxC5Jx8q4qBz6hyOwOOKAOIHAyvAH0pURwSTw3Q4pQ2xxlQx2jjPbFcTChuG655pWOhMwCrhRnIwVzx70/ZTsFVVfyx8OnyqFcyKciNSe/+9OCQ+WBja4/hGPz+dFjotFhd5Bj3qezYXiiFhcRsrMscvpJOSOQMf0qqaXNKrhsIFAPXt3OQKscFxiFZJRGA34lX0/LB6mqFQSe+kg/dxMNrpwxbGT0Herf4Qd4dLX7wyiWT1MA2ce3/PjWbm7G0ypHK9wCNiZ29zzk9cdeKHWxu7l9tzIsZ4XczBmIxxn+nFS1aoaNS8VyRT28aJsd/MHIYAg89KAtbjd5noG1PUDlCP7dOKr1nbE7Zo+2C27OdueuAenP/tRaeWTJQEmFlO4MF2Entn/nWiKol7EXTnyn3GONjja+P4cdQckZFRrLV7iwlRGzPEowVDZCj/nvUmGx8+WYNEm4YDsGH9KlfsWCJfwkk84BxuNMKDeia8JcSW7Fh1MbnBFG7jU7a+tWt7y3YxSDDAjIH1rPk0OCJg6o8bZyGWVsg/Dmol/pHnsJ5bm53MP4pS2fhj2pCKn9pf2c6N5095oV5BYXHVomIET/AP8Ag/HpWLXSXFjOYrpCjKeqnKn4gjgivoFtDSMO0kJmVlwzOA2cjGP1oRe6DaXMSxyQIQRgAr2GPjznHerjOhOJn3hr7SPE3h9VTTdXuBAv/QkbzI8f9rdPpV8tPt3lnUJr2iQXC49TwSFT8wDkCqdq/gWJRLLbsYUXsDkf7/Q1Vrzw9qNszKUEgX261f6sz/ZH0Jpf2v8Ahm5jjiM2oacegEilwPqCaf1TxDpmpCOay1qzunHG1pQrAfI4r5ikSeAHzYZEI/mUiupcHbz+tH4l4NSaNk8V+F311zfRrA18gARo19LgdAev0NVW3H3V2juYzHcjh96459qqNpfTQ8wzvGf8rEf0orFdz3lxGbqdn3cFnckgY96X4hrkDUsqyMqwGNpBznsvz/0qSkg2HdgOOCPjVYE2H4G3FSILySLLRMDuPIPP6Gliysh3VZ7r1eQ67T27ioljc3NtcRzBTuH4to/U1KOrPGP30YIP8owaej1ayki/G6Mp/CygA/WnWhXZYdO1CNds8crFM+qLB4NGTDpeuaV5VwEkxlXRxhh16Z6cVU7O5TeJVIaNvxnepH0FF7Bliud0YXdjKttzkVDQ0ylav4Yms7oxo6Tw5AgmL7fL+DDHJpiLQJXeMyeTauucuAzLMc98nFaqyWl7GyNGvI5QjihEtjJHujZS0Q6ZPb4VS5GGKAWmaREiTQ30rgS8OIo0U49gSDx8qsNhpekz3ESB5JLmIERpJM7BV+QwBQC8uW06RFuEee1kPpZTgr8j2P6GpBvVVDLDOpiP4ZA3OfYgUmHRaU0ewixssozg59aZyff1U3dLCgZ1ZNi/iYHLA+wwKFWfiPJMN4QJ+okjjLBRjvn+tJvdYURi6ieTylwAomRRI3vgZqEmVZLubplVXjDtMwAjG12GPcjIoLNrpjLOCRFGf3imFE3N8iSaiyams8hhle1bzOXZWeUj4VDvLJlMc9vbSIBkRMkCgk+7Zq0vsmw3DrkE7BHeNg43OfOJKD2wo4qWZ94M8ZPl42wt5fb3JY9KpU+9GaKYyRTtzIzTBUce2BXbXznLzW0IZvwLEI3kHzBPFOkFlsjayt96+ZFE0XqOZVUO30pyLWrc4jlmHm4yQoJKj3JqtfsvVJvKhS3nEIO71Kkfq+fWlP4V1O4RzdtEZT+FnmZiB7ccGil9hZP8QNC0QP3iOVZBkEHPFVzSdUmsLoESkRZ+n5Ubt/DVuFSGbUYwV42xR7ST8cmp0XhKzRSJXlkXPc4p6QUydYa1a3YAWVGbuOlEso6dtvvQ600LTrYhooBuHQliTUqS1UKVjJQewPFQykMz2drN+LYx6YJ4/KkLbRQDiFVHuBxQTUtLmhYzQTsvPTJ/Sl2C60MZMm3/AD4piC7CFsqSjZ7HFAtT8MWl0WeFfKc/ydKOXFk91DiSNI5MfjVufyqq6rp2rWRZoZ5ZYx3QnI+lJX4wfQzH4QVW/e3bA+yrj9aIDQIDb7ZFdwP5+tBrXXr62bEjmQd1cUe0zW7e8zG5MLnjnpVPJCVAW+8MQSAm1kMbfytyP9aCy6JfQP6VI/zKeDVk1K0ukkZ7SQuOvoJJoWms3kTFZNrgcEMOaqLkxNIhDSLxlzOUYexPNR5dLcMdjD5ZzR0ana3ClZVaIng46VBuNLl5ksZRKnUAHmqTfpNLwBSwTQEllIHuK6ly2wq6LIOxI5H1og0lwuUkyrezCo7x5GHUfAjirJo24D07WHPbjpTo/wAIA7SeowOaaIOMcY+NLd2wMsOOgIzXHZ1UOuQV9Sjj4f8ADS2kDIAqjA4BUdajed6Dj1uDyoFKjbrnGTwF9jSGPRxs74UYx3xTu4qoQgdeR0IrizuuMMVI75xxXBJuJLPj45z9KAFW9n94JZcBDnIA9u+f7Ul7aSFXKsuD6c7x/wA49q7aTuXaKJjtI5JHHvU8W6bfOLgFedh9We3+/NAiFZWaS7fKG6VmEWOQR8fbp+uKsdpaRquCDL28zGMcYxUKOWKKFmWV2P8AAGXg89yO3Si1ucq207dhOc85PtnNWgPLDGqyLGzyDleVyVH/ADvS7azhkcqCCzAELt9Z45Gfj2FR5JIgUWQsUbhnI6e3Tv8Ap86fRVnti3nbRtGFxzjPLcdskcUwom20bFSoVuUCbXyvGemDzj4Z/rTt5ECgwZGkzkK/qHsfmPhUK1WXBeRwzkfjhIAz/Lg89hzmnmlmkZpAR5bYB2d8/wCh+VAIlRFImeWKMqJMArnqRU6OVX4C84+VBWuZVmZZG9MrEBhjA4yP9MYqcbraNjsQOhzkZ+VFolkkzRjGF4PGP7U28ysSRng9xzUaeYAkqD7kdx/aoz3fl/vFXnGDk84qdMQ5OpMbbgMLjhs4FBbyPEjHaxQ4O0twtEJHa4hUBlQHBO7qee3xFQ518vHlp5gJJeQfClYA64to2YiM/i7YB6dexoZdWSqrg7gzDAKrz+f0x7VYDI0TIvlje3PTH5/nTE8ImVixKnI6cYGe9OwKzdafHIoieFCCMh85Knnt/wA61XtS8L2kjMY7SPpnKE89enTrWg4aIqyFRwcpjG498496Dy2gZmJbh+AduCaabCrMyuPDUIdljlMZHX1BqhNoNxET5c4Y9RnIq/alpPlMJEyAeOmMGh3lFSVkOeMZ9qpTonFFBkS5gnKSMyt8acWWWMkFlJHuKt9/pS3dudzqCOUbHIqm6pa3FlNsmAweVYdGFaKWRDVEiO+kXOVVl/lzxSzdQyf41qRx1Rv7UG8xj3rhd88E1aEEz91P+E8iH2Zf7ii2kah5CETX8g8v/DAfIwetVMuT1Jz866rn3IIpSVjNGGtLNEdlzGDjqDyPjT1v4nIY294oc49MyHAPx46GqDBcmVts4Qt2O0Cn1hRwdvB65U4rPAeRa7/zZomSE25EgAIbPPxqtTw3dg/EzROvQxrjPzqGZpbZ8MWI7HJqfHdpdRhWdg3Yk5/MGmlQNjTsk5Vm80zn8bGTO76VMsVFtceaqrbPgYTyN4I9+ciht794gUsI4pE/nC1GXVpzgSEFQMdM4quyUX7Tjprw+W95cozHLKF2Bvyo8v7OcHdIxJGMtnpWYR3rOmVdSPlT6arcpgLMcfHP+tQ4lqRpNsNMt5ADHAdx/wATZkg/5uP1ogbuzThZ4R8AwrLItYmQHbJnI5611dVZmJaUr8OP9KlwY8zSLnUYI149f/biosV5lS0Z3Kf4e4/1+VUZdUUY9BbvxilLqkZB3xn4en/ejEMkHNYtZZ2++QZWYcBoh/Wk6frtzBiPUlJXpvA/rQX9qwjdndnPOF6/rSGv7VwcsR7Z3GnXgWXyJ1nj822kDqRnGai32oG0jLPGzbfxDHIqnQ6gkIJgneM9sFhTn7akeMebcMR7MxyKMR2E5/FFufwxsffNJt/EdtnAZoj7N+H/AGqvXzpKQ0LwHuQ2AfzqCwfd+CBv/N/vTUbJyLxe620Vr50OHT4c0Mj8WNn95bgr8DQK2v7m3XZHFFt/lDcH9aZG9pGaW1yD2jbFNca9DJlmW80nUXy6LFN1w4wDRW2hiij/AHcUYX3QAg1Q2QZwtnPn/uz/AGpUF5fW3MKXCfnj8qHD6Fl9lvv9YhspQrKWPsOKF6hfaVfx5mVlfsQMN+dBb3VJLogz2i7x/EARmh7Pkn0kfCnHjHlYXi0uG4kIhulKfFfUPpRS30pLJA4uJmB4yi8CqtA5V9ysVYdKMftm9QbRFEeOueTQ4y+wRPujpxQrMQ7Y/ESSwoJcW0TE/dbhH/yuNpqNLLI8hZkwW5wDTLF88DFNRoTdmymVEDCJhx8c15G49RKnHOevzqK8hVVYYzx2xSSxRDgknpzXMkbNkzzUYkli2SBw3OKUJXwBglm7YHT51HgHCnJBPsacu3JjVsnJG4806Cxcsj8rtOCO+eDT9qGJLR4zjALdSaGpI0kbFieeoycURsVDLz/Njj6VNDTsehka3uUclgc8kDAJx0PworbvFDcu0K+ajqCVYj247e/55oag/eRvk8PjB5BGenNFtMhWbTJ7hwPMibAwBgjHQ8VUUBIEXm3BkI/c59aDG8Dngjp3FcJuJFmQFYlXDeX0foeDjqCO5FQGYmV5csHCjoxxwM4/SpzW6CMXAyJJAHbnIJAHPPzqgehQkhjuBHA8mMEFI+CecEe+OnPyqVuacpMdwUMcPjBUf64H1qFcAGa1QekFg3Hbjp8qe1C8miaQh9wikG1WHpGR7dKBJhA3DITCgEqZwGZQRj+YHPJ+PyFRze/uzJE7Mo/ErRnAAOM5H/OKjRSu+Yc7EWIjKcFh8aF2V9M8fkkgRlsYUY7A9qCidc33lBXhImk3DLBO3sOx+dELe8LSLvWTOOA4wwHxBNDpRtuFVThWO0gAY96VHcOBhiJAqFxvG45BI61NWRQXaTzCHZ3TaM4zjHsOKURvZF3MoxgkA9ef1qPp0jMAAdoxuAU9OelS1zmRgzAhj0PxoqgGwzhQHZeBjkfpXS6ISpdRwCQBkDt0HBpRiWGbKE+pucn3H+1JMKO6BxuGe/bBxSSEekhkZiVZOgxkkDr0BqNNCWnZUxuYAg55HXgn5n50/wCUuyRRkDd0BIzUmaFR5y9lORnB7dKYAtrBEhyCzszBuGzyPj7dqhrZMZW2q4AO0Nv3YXJ6URwFgY4yQeMnpzj+1QdQdoPKMR25G447nmgLImpWsnlMPJLBRnc/IA+H6VT7m4WXcABkjrs5q1avdTRBFVzhpMfT2oM0MYnm9POevelbGBWd1hIUDb0wKG6lbJeW7RSAlQRgDqPiKLMMsST0/t0qLKxLbzySMn86tMRQtT06SwkIPqjzwwqB9a0C6jSSZ4nUFCOlUrUoUgu5EjHpHStoS8M2qIu0GvAdq9SgOM1YjlTLK4AOx2xnjNRD+GktwMigQYkjV0IfJBoZdWksBMiZKe46in7Gd2JjbBUdMjmpmevseCKi6EDYLxj6JfUp4zXZ7BvxQAkHnFNXkaxyDbkZonpkzmIAnPzpjQFw8TnIKtUmKcMuGPqojfosu3eB9KD3CBHIXOPjTTsCeDgcV48jmoltIwOM5HxqXmgBIBX8LEUsTbQA3IFNuTimzSoESg8ch64+dLSMHPcVBFPRyMp4NDQ2SAhB6muENnk8U8nK5NccAHikhEds89cUnJwRTjdx2NIB5NAHAQOq80gkewpRFIkq0ihOe4JHNd3nHDt+dIro6UAKDNjh2z8695jj+Nvzro4JxXsZzmmAnzH7sT9a5zjGSPhXG4zXO1AHj8z+dcIPYn866K52pCP/2Q==
