##Coffee, milk, tea. I hope you get back to work

Micro-signal, Rancaijing

A feature presentation, a daily in depth report, redefines the innovation economy.

The war and epidemic plan for Innovative Economy, a special column launched by Finance and Economics during the new type of pneumonia epidemic, focuses on the new difficulties encountered by enterprises of Innovative Economy and discusses the new countermeasures that should be adopted, hope to help small and medium-sized enterprises together to overcome challenges and seize opportunities.

By Tang Yahua

Editor | Wei Jia

Since February 10, Beijing, Shanghai, Shenzhen and other cities have gradually resumed work, office buildings gradually regained popularity, but previously addicted to milk tea, coffee white-collar workers, had to get used to a period of no afternoon tea day.

Affected by the outbreak, starbucks temporarily closed more than 2,000 stores in mainland China, ruixing coffee, Naixue Tea, Xi tea and other brands have closed all stores in Wuhan, other provinces have also been affected. Although take-out can bring certain revenue, but because of rent, the rigid cost of manpower, limited by the factors such as distribution resource shortage, product is not just needed, some investors predict that tea enterprises can maintain half of the previous income is good.

In this special period, the industry suggested that enterprises should first focus on cash flow, do a good job financing, cost control. At the same time, to seize this wave of online traffic, on the one hand through the online open tea formula, with marketing activities to accumulate traffic, on the other hand, can seize the opportunity to do a good job brand communication. In addition, the development of instant and other new products is also a way of thinking.

Some entrepreneurs predict that optimism, the next two to three months or so, offline stores can restore the epidemic before 80% of the revenue level. So, everybody wants to drink milk tea coffee anytime and anywhere, may also need to wait until April or May.

In the long run, the Matthew effect will be stronger during the outbreak, and the companies that seize the opportunity to complete the transformation will be the future winners.

Many stores closed, some brand business cut in half

Starting this week, a number of companies are back at work, but it's not easy to get afternoon tea. Under the epidemic, the tea and coffee industry as a heavy asset attributes of the offline business, also face a heavy blow.

New Tea Brands, such as Xi Cha, naixue's tea and Le Le Tea, have closed stores in Wuhan after the outbreak, and stores in other areas have also been affected to varying degrees.

NAIXUE's director of Tea Public Relations, Wang Yi, told Caijing that there are now 349 naixue stores across the country, all of which were closed before January 23 in Wuhan, and some stores in other hard-hit areas were also closed during the Spring Festival. In recent days, some stores have resumed business.

"like other food and beverage brands, the suspension of most outlets will have an impact on our business, mainly focusing on the two hard inputs of rent and labor. The loss of some ingredients has also brought pressure, and the additional expenses also include supplies such as face masks and disinfectant for our staff, " Wang said.

The coffee industry faces a similar situation.

Earlier, starbucks announced the temporary closure of more than half of its stores in mainland China. As of the end of 2019, starbucks had 4,292 stores in China. As a result, starbucks temporarily closed more than 2,000 stores.

In addition to the temporary closure, starbucks also adjusted the opening hours of some stores. Starbucks said in its Jan. 28 earnings report for the first quarter of fiscal 2020 that the COVID-19 epidemic may have a significant impact on its results for the second quarter of fiscal 2020 and the rest of fiscal 2020, china has been one of starbucks'biggest overseas markets.

Ruixing coffee said it had suspended all stores in the Wuhan area on January 23, February 3, the national stores have gradually resumed business.

Image / visual China

Some small and medium-sized coffee chains have also been hit hard.

Fisheye coffee founder Sun Yu to the financial introduction, Fisheye coffee is the main store area in 20-40 square meters of coffee shop, online and offline combination, the main takeaway and since, mainly for office white-collar customers. The impact of the outbreak has been concentrated in the last two weeks, with most businesses not yet back to work when they should have. Affected by the epidemic, about half of more than 20 stores are now open.

He said the overall impact from the past two weeks of data is still very large, some shops in accordance with the local government, owners and property to suspend business. Other stores will also adjust their operating hours accordingly, with the number of cups sold per store in operation this week at about 50% of the normal level.

At present, the main challenge is affected by the outbreak of offline store traffic caused by a significant reduction in short-term revenue, year-round expansion plans or marketing will make corresponding adjustments, the next step will be more cautious. In addition, the entity industry headquarters support staff at Home Office communication is not as convenient as in the office.

On the whole, though, things are better than Sun Yu expected, with the fish eye cafe's small storefront model accounting for more than 80% of orders.

In his view, traditional large chains such as starbucks have been hit relatively hard by cash flow because of their large number of stores, most of which are large and mainly for in-hall meals, although last year it was said to have introduced take-out, but not the main part, every brand customers have relatively fixed consumption habits, most of the daily to the store customers, takeaway is unlikely to form a large-scale trend in a short time, even if the rapid transformation, there will be operational challenges.

Free Distribution Fee, online promotion, expansion category self-help

Some stores have closed, and for those that are still open, the brands are encouraging customers to place orders online and push takeout to drive sales.

Wang Yi introduced, naixue's tea take-away products add take-away Anxin card, registration of each link producers, food service providers, delivery personnel and real-time body temperature. In order to guide customers to use more online orders, to avoid the store queuing, crowding phenomenon, until February 29 through the naixue small program orders are exempt from distribution fees, supporting contactless distribution services.

Xi Tea, Le Le Tea in the non-contact distribution, free distribution charges and other aspects of the launch of the corresponding measures.

However, due to lack of transportation, it is not easy to order takeout. During a visit to Beijing's Chongwenmen, Caijing found that Naixue's tea alone was available for take-out, while happy tea showed that nearby stores were closed and Le Le Tea was not available for distribution. It then tried placing orders near wing on lane and found that none of the three could be delivered, whereas previously all three could be delivered at the same address.

Affected by the outbreak, Sun Yu also realized that online access was clearly more important than before.

"At this time, our main measure is to continue to stimulate take-out, we have increased discounts in the delivery channels. In addition to freshly ground coffee, we also have instant coffee products such as coffee beans and hang-ear coffee, and users can make their own coffee at home. In addition to the e-commerce channels that require express delivery, in-store delivery ranges can also be delivered directly through small-app delivery channels and third-party delivery platforms,"he explained.

On Feb. 11, fisheye coffee launched its flagship tmall store, with hundreds of orders on the first day, and most recently, all of the ear-hung coffee in its offline stores was delivered in the morning and sold out by noon. At the same time, they are also taking advantage of the opportunity to hone the consumer goods category for online business.

"In the expansion of new stores, if the location is particularly good, we will still consider it. Because of the epidemic, the overall market is cautious, and there may be more opportunities for rent optimization and more location choices. It will also be an opportunity for us, " he said, this year, the company will be more cautious in the overall strategy, focusing on fine operation, reduce unnecessary costs, reduce Sku to do more fine, practice internal work, and so on traffic recovery time, to provide products and services in a better state.

On the positive side, Sun Yu expects offline stores to return to more than 80 percent of their pre epidemic revenue levels in the next two to three months, with a gradual resumption of work.

The tea industry is waking up faster than the restaurant industry

Earlier, Jia Guolong, chairman of Xibei catering company, said the cash flow on his account would not last more than three months. Wu Guoping, the founder of xibei catering company, said that "at first light, it will cost 2.5 million yuan, " and the tea industry, which also has high rent and labor costs, would face such a crisis?

First of all, there is no denying that the tea industry will be more affected.

Zhang Yeqiu, vice president of Zhonghai Investment, said it would be good for the tea industry to maintain half of its revenue, even if it had a take-out business. Fortunately, the tea industry capital turnover efficiency is fast, belongs to fresh food, upstream is a shorter shelf life of fruit, milk and other products, is basically day-to-day turnover, not to hoard too much.

In his view, ruixing coffee provides a good model, if the new tea drinks brand also do ruixing street stores, online model, profit situation will be better. But at present several enterprises in the industry have not put online in a particularly important position, pay more attention to offline competition, because if the offline position is not well locked, may become the territory of competitors. We have not been so strong motivation to do business model innovation, or to put the offline traffic online.

"The outbreak has given everyone a sense of crisis that will make online business more of a priority, and to a certain extent, the crisis has also fostered users' acceptance of the Internet model of fresh food, " said Zhang.

Zhang Hong, the founder of Beijing Sky Culture Technology, which has long focused on the coffee industry, told Caijing that the impact of the epidemic on the tea industry is certainly there, but it is far from being as bad as the pure food industry like Xibei, especially the influence of the enterprises based on eating in the hall.

He argues that the beverage industry is one of the more rapidly consuming industries, where it usually takes a while for food and beverage to arrive from the menu, while making a drink can take anywhere from 45 seconds to a minute to prepare in advance, making it more efficient, if the online outbreak, as long as the raw materials are well prepared, the production speed of the drink can be accelerated, add more manpower is relatively easy, to meet a certain region or sudden network platform explosion of growth can be. And catering industry stir-fried food production out of low efficiency, flexible adjustment is not necessarily easy.

Pexels

Another is the difference between in-house food and take-out. Zhang Hong notes that the efficiencies of both forms are modest. Sibe, a traditional restaurant company, has a larger share of its meals in the dining room, while some tea companies, such as ruixing coffee, started with small shops in the Internet delivery area, some don't even have a dining area. The rent is much lower than the rent for a large restaurant. Next, it's a standardized assignment. Even a part-time college student can add things in proportion to the recipe, nothing more than to increase the efficiency of the position.

"So in terms of the beverage industry, it was all takeout and online in the beginning. It's just that in the last few years, Xi Cha and NAIXUE's teas have become bigger and have some in-room properties, but in fact there aren't that many people eating in-room, and the take-out orders are probably bigger than they are,"Zhang Hong said.

However, he believes that the online business depends on external distribution, because of the impact of the epidemic, distribution demand is a problem, especially now take-out can not enter the community, the challenge is still great. "Also, the drink is not strictly necessary, not to eat, do not drink tea may be put up with it, or coke, sprite to do instead. "

Zhang Hong predicts that the tea industry will recover more quickly than restaurants, and that there may be a short period of "retaliatory consumption" after returning to work, but not for long, after a couple of weeks, it'll be normal. But the pure circle of shops may still need the end of the epidemic, we are really willing to go out to the mall when the recovery.

Who can collect online traffic

Will stand a chance of winning

There is no forethought, but there is a near worry.

In the current situation, Zhang Ye Qiu that tea enterprises should first pay attention to the cash flow problem, all the offline cash flow model is now very tight, financing is the first key thing, do not care too much about valuation. But insists must do under the line the enterprise, should not open the store temporarily, takes the right amount to lay off the staff, the negotiation reduces the room rent, and other forms share the staff and so on way as far as possible to reduce the cost.

In his view, now is a good time to invest in institutions. "catering companies that couldn't get in or were highly valued can now get a bargain. Because the company has an urgent but unimportant problem, it is short of cash flow, but in the long run it is a particularly good asset, and it is a low-value area at the moment."

Plus, he thinks there will be a wave of smart companies that know how to take advantage of the traffic. When the epidemic is over and everyone is out playing, the choice of merchant may depend on who has saved more online traffic in the last two months.

He cited, for example, businesses can teach users online to make a few tea products, and fresh e-commerce platforms such as Ding Dong shopping cooperation distribution of raw materials, learn at home today, can be distributed to your home tomorrow, can also help fresh e-commerce platform drainage. Businesses can also do activities to users credit for cash, follow-up to the store consumption, can also be used in the form of Raffle or exchange, this wave of traffic are saved to April, May to release. Brand online traffic, users are willing to pay attention to the online is also quality content, this wave is a good opportunity to do brand.

Zhang Hong also notes that it would be a good marketing idea if companies could share some of their own recipes and let users make their own tasty drinks at home. Users will be more aware and loyal to the brand, and when people go out, they will be more willing to buy the brand's drinks.

Not only that, but companies can innovate in the face of disease. "If you can develop instant drinks, even if there are special circumstances, as long as the supply is continuous, people can buy and stock them like fragrant milk tea, as long as the taste is the same as the store, in fact, it is completely online retail, and will not be affected by the pressure of shops, capital and people, " Zhang Hong said.

In addition, as the industry recovers, companies will have to focus more on regional stores in their employee assignments, as it is likely to be accompanied by the introduction of large orders. Through this epidemic, enterprises should also do more complex shop, shop area is small, more flexible, less personnel, cost controllable.

"I see a lot of founders in the excitement of their massive online traffic surge, but I think it's a very dangerous thing. Most people don't know how to take it, how to use this wave of traffic dividend to make their projects complete qualitative change, but only DAU has increased three-fold, five-fold, do not think about long-term results, only do the operation, not do the optimization of products and service capacity, " said Zhang.

At the moment, he thinks, you might think of it as an online dividend, an offline crisis. But it could be an online crisis and an offline dividend in the long run, depending on the ability of the founders to seize the opportunity.

After all, the speed of the scale, but also rely on the strength to return.

* The caption is from visual China. This is the eighth issue of the innovative economic war plan, for the first 7 issues, please click on "which industries are bucking the trend? " "Survival Guide for Small and medium-sized enterprises" "the almost-fallen fresh e-commerce" "Valentine's Day file, also gone" "offline education press the "pause button" "15 days of tourism" "Five Wuhan catering bosses' survival diary" .

How long has it been since you've had coffee and milk tea?

You are welcome to leave your story in the comments section, and we will send you a tencent video season card from one of the top three likes (over 20) . Please Click on the public number of the menu "reprint cooperation. ".

First-hand Information / Hard Core Report / daily Red Envelope / offline activities! All that's missing is you! Speed Up Wechat rancaijing02 reply "reader" one button on the car!

How long has it been since you've had coffee and milk tea?

You are welcome to leave your story in the comments section, and we will send you a tencent video season card from one of the top three likes (over 20) . Please Click on the public number of the menu "reprint cooperation. ".

First-hand Information / Hard Core Report / daily Red Envelope / offline activities! All that's missing is you! Speed Up Wechat rancaijing02 reply "reader" one button on the car!

I think I'm watching it

WECHAT SWEEPS UP Praise for author

####Send it to the author

People Admire

Long-press the QR code to transfer the funds to me

Under apple's new rules, wechat's iOS version of the APP has been turned off to support public accounts through Qr code transfers.

Go to "discover"-"take a look" browse "friends watching"

Sent

####Send it to take a look

Sending

A scan of wechat
Pay attention to the account


-------------
title: Coffee, milk, tea. I hope you get back to work
source: Burning Finance
authors: _
editors: _
proofreader: _
photographer: _
translator: _
via: https://github.com/2019ncovmemory/nCovMemory
link: https://mp.weixin.qq.com/s/eFNjY899g-AuZUiyFOxA0g
archive: http://archive.ph/VnaAl
snapshot: https://github.com/2019ncovmemory/nCovMemory/blob/master/archive/jpg/1469.jpg
lead: You may have to wait until April or May to drink milk tea and coffee anytime and anywhere.
cover: data:image/jpeg;base64,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
