##Wenzhou merchants return to their hometown after fleeing from Wuhan

Health insight

Functional introduction, understand the health professional news

* There are about 180,000 Wenzhou people in Wuhan who do business, work and study. Around the Spring Festival, at least 50,000 Wenzhounese returned to Wenzhou from Wuhan and other places. Many were quarantined for 14 days as soon as they arrived home.
* Is Home Segregation, the local government staff daily regular "check post" to confirm whether the quarantines at home.
* Some people concentrated return to the local epidemic prevention and control pressure is self-evident. Later facts proved that Zhejiang in the prevention and control of the advance vigilance is necessary.
* The director of the Health Bureau and the director of the CDC were dismissed for negligence in prevention and control work, and the vice mayor in charge was also disciplined.
* Some Wenzhou people who are struggling outside are now more concerned about when they can go out and resume their normal jobs and careers.

About 180,000 Wenzhou people do business, work and study in Wuhan. Around the Spring Festival, at least 50,000 Wenzhounese returned to Wenzhou from Wuhan and other places. Many were quarantined for 14 days as soon as they arrived home.

Some are home segregation, the local government staff daily regular "check post" to confirm whether the quarantines at home.

These people concentrated return to the local epidemic prevention and control pressure is self-evident. Later facts proved that Zhejiang in the prevention and control of the advance vigilance is necessary.

Yueqing Health Bureau director and CDC Director for Prevention and control of negligence was removed, in charge of the deputy mayor was also punished.

Those who work outside Wenzhou are now more concerned about when they can go out and resume their normal jobs and careers.

The streets of Wuhan in the epidemic situation of new crown

At 8:30 am on January 23(the 29th of the 12th month) , Laillé (not his real name) , a Wenzhou businessman in Wuhan, was awakened in his sleep by a phone call from his father, who said, if you don't come back, you'll never come back!

Just a few hours ago, the Wuhan COVID-19 Pneumonia Epidemic Control Headquarters issued a notice, decided to implement traffic "closed city" .

Laillé and her husband quickly set off, leaving the city just before 10. It was midnight when the couple switched cars on the way home to Wenzhou.

Huang Kun (not his real name) , who works in Wuhan, left the city on January 20 and flew back to Wenzhou. Because of the relaxed atmosphere in Wuhan at the time, he did not take the outbreak seriously until he left.

At present, there are about 180,000 Wenzhou people in Wuhan who do business, work and study. Wuhan is also the city with the largest concentration of Wenzhounese besides Wenzhou. According to media reports, about 20,000 people returned to Wenzhou before the Spring Festival, and 29,000 returned from other places in the 10 days from New Year's Eve (January 24) to February 2.

Laillé and his wife, Huang Kun, were among the tens of thousands. Their experience of returning from Wuhan to their hometown in Wenzhou and then being quarantined and observed in their hometown at the time of the sudden escalation of the epidemic is a microcosm of the tens of thousands of troops who left the Han Dynasty to return to their homeland, it also formed the stress point of Wenzhou to accept the impact of Wuhan New Crown Disease.

As of February 11, there were still 5,115 close contacts under medical isolation in Wenzhou, with a cumulative total of 6,864 who had been released from medical observation. Wenzhou's prevention and control not only has the government behavior, has mobilized nearly the entire government strength, also has the non-governmental organization's active participation, obtained from the community to the family individual's quick response.

We're an hour and a half from lockdown

Since January 18, the number of newly diagnosed cases of pneumonia in Wuhan has increased rapidly. By 2400 on January 22, more than 400 cases had been confirmed and 17 cases had died. The epidemic has spread to more than 20 provinces (regions and cities) in the country.

The situation is urgent, and in order to cut off the transmission of the virus, wuhan issued a "closure order" : "from 10:00 on January 23,2020, the city bus, subway, ferry, long-distance passenger transport suspended operations; no special reasons, people do not leave Wuhan, the airport, railway station from the Han Channel temporarily closed. "

When Laillé's father saw the news, he called. Laillé and her husband decided to leave immediately. As a post 90s girl, she had never heard of such a policy anywhere in her life. She judged the situation to be serious.

10:00 a.m. "seal off the city. " They have an hour and a half left. The couple packed a few things and went out. They were lucky enough to get out of the city before 10 o'clock. The two men switched cars, didn't park in the service area, and when they got home, it was midnight.

Laillé was in the clothing business on the famous Hanzheng Street. Located in the heart of Hankou, Hanzheng street is a centuries-old shopping street that is popular for everything from small goods to clothing and home textiles. A large number of Wenzhou businessmen have gathered here. Laillé estimates that there are at least 1,000 Wen merchants in branded clothing stores alone. Unfortunately, Hankou was the first region to experience the new crown disease. The focus of the south China Seafood Market, from Hanzheng Street Wholesale Market about 6 km, and south China glasses city only a street away. According to media reports, there are about 20 Wen shops in the city.

△ South China glasses city

Laillé's fellow Wenzhou residents had returned earlier than she had. "because there will be a bit of news around the 20th, they are all a bit scared, " Zhong Nanshan told CCTV host Bai Yansong on the evening of January 20th, confirming for the first time that there is a human-to-human transmission of NCP.

Huang Kun, a native of Cangnan County who works in Wuhan, flew back to the city on Jan. 20. His company is based in Hongshan District, far from Hankou. At the end of December, he received a warning from a local colleague in Wuhan: "Hankou Railway Station try not to go, there is a flu outbreak at the seafood market nearby. ". In early January, a friend who had family members working in the hospital was heard to say that the outbreak might be similar to the previous SARS outbreak. "He also told me at that time, this is internal information, do not propagandize, may bring the panic. " At this time Huang Kun starts to have a little vigilance. But in the meantime, he kept to himself, travelling from Wuhan to Yichang two days before returning to Wenzhou. He noted that there were no other prevention and control measures in public places in Wuhan except taking body temperature. Perhaps because of this atmosphere, Huang admitted that he had not taken the outbreak seriously until he left Wuhan on January 20.

Around Dec. 30, hospital owners in Laillé's group also issued warnings (Dr. Li warned students to be on guard, also Dec. 30) . That's when Laillé bought the mask, but didn't wear it. The news reports didn't say much, and people didn't care. Laillé said she had been observing from Hanzheng street until Jan. 22, when everyone was wearing masks, and the day before that almost no one was.

Even so, Laillé didn't leave right away. They had planned to return home on New Year's Eve, Jan. 24, about 900 kilometers, or 12 hours, from Wuhan to Wenzhou. If they left at 7 a.m. , they would be home in time for dinner. It wasn't until his father saw the news on the morning of Jan. 23 and called to urge Laillé and his wife to hurry.

Isolated Spring Festival

When Laillé and her husband got home, they isolated themselves.

The couple each lived in a bedroom upstairs, with a bathroom that allowed them to stay indoors. Meals are delivered to the door by the parents, knock on the door, they open the door to take their own, "like the prison food. ".

They have a one-year-old son, the couple usually in Wuhan, the children stay at home by the elderly care. They come back, they don't even see the kids, they just lock themselves in their room. The old man cooperated with the secret work, and the children did not know they were back. "I video-chat with him every day. Sometimes I talk louder upstairs. He hears me. He calls for his mother, but I can't find her. "

This is a great test for a young mother at a time when she should be reunited with her child. If you relent and open the door to your son, you can imagine how difficult it will be to continue the quarantine.

Laillé's hometown is in Yueqing, a provincial-level city run by Wenzhou. "In fact, at that time, we didn't have any policies for people coming back from Wuhan. We did all this on our own initiative and were afraid that if we caught it, it would be passed on to the old people and children at home. "

But a few days later, the community called to ask if Laillé had gone home. "I don't know where they got our number. They were relieved to know we were isolated at home, but they sent someone to take our temperature almost every day. "

On January 23, the day Laillé returned to Wenzhou from Wuhan, the Municipal Party Committee and Municipal Government of Wenzhou held a meeting and deployed: personnel with a history of residence and travel in Wuhan who had recently returned to the city should be checked for "complete landing" and clear responsibility should be assigned from village to village and from house to house, medical observation and door-to-door follow-up were carried out strictly.

On the morning of the same day, the Zhejiang provincial government urgently convened a video conference on the prevention and control of the COVID-19 infection in the province, and decided to initiate a first level response to major public health emergencies. Zhejiang was also the first province in the country to initiate a first-level response to the outbreak.

In fact, as early as January 21, Zhejiang Province to deploy the prevention and control work. That afternoon, the provincial government led the main hospital to Zhejiang University held a symposium on epidemic prevention and control, will be a new crown epidemic prevention and control as a "hard battle. ". At the time, only five suspected cases had been identified in Zhejiang.

Zhejiang is facing a serious threat, mainly because Zhejiang is out in Hubei, especially in Wuhan more business, study and work personnel, the eve of the Spring Festival, these personnel concentrated to return home, the pressure of prevention and control of the epidemic in Zhejiang Province is self-evident. Later facts proved that Zhejiang in the prevention and control of advance vigilance is necessary. As of February 12, there were 1,131 confirmed cases in Zhejiang Province, second only to Hubei, Guangdong and Henan, but no deaths.

Cangnan County's moving fast. On January 21, the day after his return to Wenzhou, Huang's registered residence in Qiankuzhen, Cangnan County, telephoned his father to ask how he had been since returning from Wuhan and whether he had a fever.

Around January 23rd, the town of Yishan, where Huang lives, ordered him to be quarantined at home. Like Laillé and his wife, he was shut up in his room while his family served dinner. A two-person team of local government workers and medical staff came to take his temperature twice a day and ask if he had a cough or was feeling sick. At this time, Huang Kun just realized the seriousness of the problem.

During the quarantine, no one else in the family was allowed to leave the house. Every day between three and four in the afternoon, the town clerk would call to make sure he was at home. "I said I was, and I'd stick my head out and show him, " he said.

Huang Kun's home quarantine was lifted on February 3. In Laillé, Yueqing, it was a transition from home quarantine to mass quarantine.

When the families were quarantined, Laillé found in the news that the number of confirmed cases in Wenzhou, the city with the highest number of confirmed cases in the country, had risen sharply since January 28, with more than 50 new cases for three days in a row. As of 2400 hours on January 31,69 cases had been confirmed in Yueqing, accounting for 28 per cent of the total of Wenzhou (241 cases) and 40 per cent of the total of Zhejiang (599 cases) , making it the most affected city outside the province.

On February 1, Yueqing suddenly stepped up its efforts. Laillé and his wife, along with other local returnees from Wuhan, were herded into a hotel and quarantined. You can have a room for one person, or you can live together as a couple. Laillé and her husband had their own room, just as they had been quarantined at home. During the quarantine, there are people to send food, food and lodging are free. They returned on January 23rd, the quarantine period still counting from the 23rd.

Meals at the isolation point (picture provided by interviewees)

The next day, Laillé learned that Yueqing's health bureau chief and the director of the CDC had been fired and the deputy mayor in charge had been disciplined for negligence in the outbreak.

The incident caused a great local shock, the most immediate impact is that all the city like Laillé returned from Wuhan, "high-risk groups" , together with close contacts, were all screened out, sent to the hotel centralized quarantine.

By the 14 day standard, Laillé could be released on Feb. 6. But they waited a few more days, because after the quarantine was over, they ran a viral nucleic acid test to make sure nothing was wrong, and didn't return home until the evening of the 9th. It was the 16th day of the first lunar month, and she was finally able to see her son.

You're lucky you're not infected. Laillé learned that before she returned to Wenzhou, about two of her fellow residents fell ill, both doing business on Hanzheng Street.

Laillé probably wouldn't have dared to go home if she hadn't been tested, and she read reports that the 14 day incubation period might not have been safe, although she didn't have any symptoms and was still a little scared.

Laillé and her husband also spent seven days in a segregated hotel in Wenzhou, where "controls have been upgraded" . On the day they arrived at the hotel, Wenzhou announced that from 2400 hours on February 1 to 2400 hours on February 8, village-wide travel controls would be in place, allowing only one person per household to go out every two days to buy supplies.

Prevention and Control Front

Among the many workers who serve Wenzhou residents returning from Wuhan while under quarantine at their homes or hotels is the Cangnan County one plus one emergency response team, founded by Zhang Binggou.

"there are mainly two quarantines, one is a hotel, we have twenty people in every day, and the other is a residential quarantined area with several houses. Some people who have come back from Wuhan or have contact history are quarantined at home, and there are thirty people here. We do some service work, help them buy food, buy supplies to the door; also have to see that they can not go out. There's no surveillance, just human eyes,"Zhang said.

Zhang said that the first phase of the rescue team's main task was to help the community, when ordinary people's awareness of prevention and control was not so strong. "But now that people's awareness is growing, our work in the community screening will be correspondingly reduced, and our work will be focused mainly on highway junctions and traffic checkpoints. "

As Huang Kun said, the whole Spring Festival without visiting relatives, for Wenzhou people, it is very difficult. "But we also follow the trend here quite strongly, do not go out, everybody does not go out, or can manage. "

Since January 23(the 29th of the 12th month of the Lunar Calendar) , Cheung has been arranging team members to assist government departments in setting up checkpoints at intersections to screen vehicles. From 6:00 or 7:00 a.m. to just after 12:00 p.m. , sometimes until 4:00 or 5:00 a.m.

The rescue team will assist in the investigation at the crossing (picture provided by the interviewee) 

In the main intersection, are equipped with traffic police, road administration, medical personnel, part of the intersection has one plus one emergency rescue center to assist the team, do some prevention and control work. Including ID checks, temperature checks, license plates. The police will provide mobile data terminals to front-line staff, enter the passer-by's ID number, you can check whether it is a suspected person.

Zhang Binggou revealed that the traffic control between Wenzhou County and county is more strict. "For example, if you are outside Cangnan County, you can hardly come in. There were several high-speed exits before, but now almost every county is guaranteed to have only one entrance. " Other provincial and county roads have more checkpoints.

He believes that if the first field of fighting the epidemic is on the medical front, the second field is at the high-speed exit.

The one-plus-one team members are assisting with screening and triage, sending out a total of more than 200 team members and covering 36 road points. "If there is suspected, the Health Commission has sent medical staff there, to deal with them. " Suspected include: Abnormal Body temperature, and according to the identity card number jumped out is suspected. ID number screening relies on a set of algorithms based on big data. Zhang Binggou thinks, algorithm basis should include Wuhan people, Hubei People, as well as Wuhan, Hubei People and so on.

Traffic and personnel are concentrated at one exit, and the congestion is severe. Although the Police Information Terminal, query speed is very fast, forty seconds to return results, but because the screening of people emotional fluctuations, the work is not very smooth.

Zhang Binggou met an emotional driver, the car directly hit over, bit by bit against the team members go forward. He is still understanding of these people, after all, is eager to go home, "He may think, if this time can not get down (highway) , where can get down? "

To go home is to wait. At the expanded meeting of the Standing Committee of the Wenzhou Municipal Party Committee on January 27, several "resolute" measures were emphasized for the prevention and control of the epidemic, two of them are related to traffic control: For key external traffic windows such as airports, bullet train stations, highway exits and long-distance passenger stations, we are determined to ensure that they are fully covered and strictly tested 24 hours a day; and we are determined to achieve the most thorough isolation and blocking, there will be a complete suspension of inter-provincial and inter-city bus and charter passenger transport, and strict control over the territorial control of inter-provincial, inter-city and rural roads will be strictly implemented.

Wenzhou, the city with the highest number of confirmed cases outside of Hubei, has had to step up its efforts. Moreover, some authoritative experts found that the concentration of virus samples from some patients in Wenzhou is strong, and also recommended that Wenzhou take more stringent prevention and control measures.

But for now, those in Wenzhou who are struggling are less concerned about when they can go home than about when they can go out and get their jobs and careers back to normal.

This time of year, Laillé's haberdashery on Hanzheng street is almost back in business. But not this year. Those markets are closed. We don't know when they'll open. If you open a month late, shop rental, property costs, plus the backlog of goods missed the season, the loss of about 100,000 yuan.

Asked when he would return, Laillé said, it must have been when the outbreak got better. "No matter how much money you make, you have to live to spend it. "

By Ye Ting Wu

WECHAT: Wytlucky19

By xiaoqiong Mao

WECHAT: 234379189

By Liu ran

WECHAT: fooorest

Wang Chen

WECHAT: 2174127

By Ji Minhua

Micro Signal: Jane Jiminhua

We respect the original copyright and do not reprint without permission.

Reprinted with permission

Zheng Qi, WECHAT: 1281949389

Business Cooperation

Shanghai: Leslee 13916263824

BEIJING: Jessie 13911125922

Tips, feedback, join the core readership

Please scan the code and Contact Jian Wen

Let your friends see you watching

↓↓↓

Go to "discover"-"take a look" browse "friends watching"

Sent

####Send it to take a look

Sending

A scan of wechat
Pay attention to the account


-------------
title: Wenzhou merchants return to their hometown after fleeing from Wuhan
source: ba-dian-jian-wen
authors: _
editors: _
proofreader: _
photographer: _
translator: _
via: https://github.com/2019ncovmemory/nCovMemory
link: https://mp.weixin.qq.com/s/U8pvKCKLI3TXqLiudMM0Qw
archive: http://archive.ph/QFUYZ
snapshot: https://github.com/2019ncovmemory/nCovMemory/blob/master/archive/jpg/1009.jpg
lead: With the new crown disease, no one can stay out of it.
cover: data:image/jpeg;base64,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
