##During the outbreak, a shuttered industrial town

Micro Signal biz-leaders

Function introduction, define Chinese commercial power

By Ren Shangkun
Source: biz-leaders

By Ren Shangkun

Source: biz-leaders

Shut down

January twenty-one. Goose feather snow. For nearly 20 days, the village has been playing a series of loudspeakers in a rare silence.

This Spring Festival, Liu Ming seems to make up a year of sleep. As usual, he had been working for more than half a month. On the books, he owes $2 million in debt, and he has $2.7 million in private loans, which pay about $240,000 a month in interest.

He's resting a little.

Liu Ming, who is in his late 20s, runs a wire drawing factory in the small Hebei town of Anping, known as the "home of the Silk Screen" . Wire drawing is the first step in the production of Wire Mesh, that is, the steel strip is drawn into various specifications, different thickness of wire, and then woven into a variety of wire mesh according to different purposes.

This is a strange-sounding, but very common industrial products, such as oil extraction vibration screen, highway guardrail, screen window, etc. . And some of the further processing of the wire mesh products will also be used in medicine, chemical and even aerospace fields. However, at present, low-end, volume, rough processing still accounts for a large proportion.

At the forefront of the production chain, Liu Ming is just one of many small bosses, he has two factories, six machines, six workers. The cost of pulling 1,000 tons of silk each month amounted to 3.5 million yuan, while the final profit was only about 60,000 yuan, not including the fixed expenses such as the wages of the workers and the equipment of the factory.

Especially in the past two years, he spent more than 150,000 on a series of procedures such as the "protracted" environmental impact assessment of the county. The enormous financial pressure of production forced him to call the account every ten days.

In his upstream, there are silk processing into finished products weaving factory, galvanized spray packaging links, followed by the size of the dealers, as well as supporting logistics, transfer stations and industrial parks.

The Northern County, with a population of just 330,000, accounts for more than 80 percent of the country's silk screen production, sales and exports. According to incomplete statistics, 85% of the county's private enterprises are related to the screen, all kinds of factories up to 20,000, there are more than 13,000 sales stores at home and abroad, the total number of employees nearly 220,000.

For now, the vast system is mostly down.

"Mom and pop. "

Although the family suddenly cut off income, but Liu Wangcai still looking at the high number of infections, thinking later to open the door, "and Anping's logistics are closed, business is useless. ". He added.

"Mom and pop. "

Although the family suddenly cut off income, but Liu Wangcai still looking at the high number of infections, thinking later to open the door, "and Anping's logistics are closed, business is useless. ". He added.

In the city of a in Jiangsu Province, Liu and his wife run a silk-screen store, without employees or social security contributions. On weekdays, they mainly receive some screen orders, and then contact the home production processing, unified by the county logistics fleet freight. To a city, if the city short distance, they will give the tricycle 30 yuan to deliver goods to customers, if the distance is longer, the truck to 130 yuan per trip.

Their biggest cost, aside from the goods themselves, is rent. The store is in a hardware market made up of businessmen from other parts of the country, with three storeys of commercial and residential facades -- a 40 square metre hut on each floor, a storefront, two or three floors to eat, sleep and stuff some goods.

"The property was originally designed for both commercial and residential use, but the stairs were all made of simple wooden planks and the rooms were not decorated, " Liu said. Because the market's fireproofing facilities were not up to standard, the relevant units last year told them to move, "you can only open a shop here, you can't live here. ". The "neighborhood" who lived together for more than a decade expressed dissatisfaction and has not moved away.

With two warehouses nearby, he pays $120,000 a year in rent. A city itself is not big, but in the hardware market alone, there are more than 30 stores from home. In recent years, the signboards of Anping's silk screen have been hung all over the country. Competitors have been competing and prices and profits have been kept low.

"domestic, then, some customers to cost-effective, your quality up the price is high, the result of customers ran. " Toss about a year, Liu Wangcai hands also left tens of thousands of dollars. He also said that some company buyers want to take some kickbacks, he had no choice but to let the production plant "do as I say. ".

Unlike Liu Wangcai, who is from a rural background, Yu is a local Anping dealer. Yu Jiang, 66, and his wife have retired to their home, and their youngest son has taken over the city's shops and businesses.

A few years ago, Yu Jiang built a two-story building in the village, converting unused bungalows and vacant lots into warehouses for loading goods. Shop orders by the son after processing, docking to the villages of the workshop-style processing plant, processing fees on a regular basis. Mr. And Mrs. Yu Hired a few people at home, and after they finished packing, they were able to send them around the country.

In Anping, self-employment, the family economy and cottage industry are still common. "A 'professional village' has come into being here to produce a specific product, " said Liu, adding that many businesses are still churning out volume and making money on Weibo. Although there are also thousands of employees of the "big company" , but from the boss level it is difficult to get rid of family management.

Liu Wangcai temporarily did not return to a city, hardware market storefronts have been affixed with seals. He did not know when he would be able to return to work, and even if he did, migrants would be registered with the local community and market supervision bureau. Yu Jiang is at home with a grandchild, although the family of five have been cut off.

Of course, they have no social security, no pension, and no basic risk tolerance.

Tradition

People here are used to what the screen does for them. Screen production has been spread over the county 8 towns, 230 villages. Located in the middle of North China Plain, the centre of the triangle of Beijing, Tianjin and Shijiazhuang, Anping was the earliest county built in Hengshui.

According to the records of the local customs of Shenzhou, during the reign of Wanli Emperor Anping, he traded far and wide in Europe and the United States, and traded with merchants from all over the five continents for huge profits. Luo originally meant bird-catching net in Chinese, and was later used to screen things. Spun silk is made of silk and is costly to produce.

In Anping, people began to adopt the Ponytail, a cheaper material for knitting. In 1918, Xu Laoshan, a doctor, came up with the idea of using finer wires to make the screening of medicines more precise. To this end, he imported Japanese wire and spun it into a net. Then he set up Anping County's first wire Mesh Factory.

Horse-tail Luo and hand-made Loom (screenshot from a CCTV documentary about China)

For decades, the traditional, hand-woven craft of the ponytail faded. The 1980s, including the Anping County wire drawing factory, the local state-owned net-weaving factory, four county-run enterprises, established the overall industrial base.

Liu Wangcai got into the business when he was 16. He was earning 150 yuan a month as a storekeeper at the front gate of Beijing. Anping had opened his first store in Zhushikou, Beijing, in 1983, he recalls. Eventually, he traveled back to his hometown of "screen street. ".

Screen Street, the earliest area in the county specializing in screen trading. In 1997, located in the west of the county seat, covering more than 600 acres of silk screen Great World, Shanghai built, this is the original National Development and Reform Commission approved the approval of the country's only silk screen wholesale market.

In order to let the enterprises in the eastern Screen Street, the county government gave two preferential policies, one is the enterprise income tax within two years to return half, the other is within two years of business management fee reduction. However, a number of witnesses revealed that the immediate factor contributing to the relocation of enterprises is "the implementation of traffic control, trucks are not allowed to enter the main urban area. ".

(this is a screenshot of the CCTV documentary "through China") 

Soon, it became the largest trade center for silk screen products in China. In 1999, the China Hardware Association awarded Anping the title of "hometown of Silk Screen" . From the architectural pattern, silk screen Great World, Shanghai is also commercial and residential dual-use housing, the original lease is 15,000 yuan per year, for 100,000 can buy a front room.

"Now the rent is only a few thousand dollars. " Yu Jiang eyes to the store of less and less passenger flow, colleagues move more and more. After 20 years, the silk-screen Great World, Shanghai has gone cold.

Go Online

Rongshun attributed the lull to e-commerce and the rise of new industrial parks and logistics bases.

"people can ask for prices online, and they don't have to come all the way to your store, " says Rong Shun, who believes that as long as an online transaction takes place once or twice and the quality of the product is fine, customers will build long-term relationships with merchants and the use of the silk screen in Great World, Shanghai will diminish, and foreign dealers like him have been hit hard.

In Jiangsu Province's B City, Rongshun also runs a screen shop. Two years ago, his son spent 20,000 yuan to find someone to do a website, "also earn back some capital. ". And as early as early as 2000, Liu Ming and Liu Wangcai pooled their money to get a website on the Internet and "lost it all in the end, " until now, they have always been extremely cautious about the Internet.

Due to the industrial properties of the screen, e-commerce platform shows the transaction volume is not much. "have made a lot of money. " Rongshun said, "the main online sample information display and inquiry channels, more customized products, the price is not transparent.

In Japan, young-soon has a few regular customers. Around 1997, a customer could ask for 300,000 yuan a year for a barbecue net. He later added machines and workers. Later, as the cost of hiring grew, he simply sent workers home to work alone, to supply him, the original employment has become a upstream and downstream partnership.

These years, Rongshun are semi-finished products, and then a fixed partner for exterior spray packaging, "home galvanized cheap, but the quality is not good outside. ". According to his calculations, it would cost at least three million to invest in a deep processing plant. "It's not that Anping can't do it well, but you have to pay that much, " says young-soon.

Since 2001, Anping has hosted the annual International Silk Screen Expo, inviting global merchants to China. However, for 2018 as a whole, Hengshui's exports totaled 19.69 billion yuan, of which 1.511 billion yuan was for the silk screen industry, accounting for a 3.29 percent decline, and the value of silk screen exports was 3.14 percent lower than in 2017, according to the Hengshui Ministry of Commerce.

For a long time, Anping lacked a big enough screen dragon. Foreign Trade is both an engine and a challenge. Rongshun's export business has also shrunk, but business as a whole has not been too affected. His store is in a local building materials market, where he says he has "doubled the number of construction sites" thanks to China's rapid real estate development.

Since 2010, Anping has been building a silk screen industrial park and an international logistics park on the east side of the city. The city is located in the west of the silk screen Great World, Shanghai is 10 km away from here, many businesses choose to move to the logistics park nearby.

"At that time, I bought it to rent it out, but before the house was built, the logistics had already moved there. " Over the years, Rong Shun had invested a lot of money in the land and the house. When he planned to start the industrial park, the land price had already risen to 150,000 mu per mu, and asked to buy a piece of land (100 Mu) at a time, he did not have enough money, had to buy from a friend of 100 Mu of 10 mu.

January twenty-three. It's a perfect day for it. Rongshun's son rushed back to Jiangsu, to the store after a person to eat a bowl of instant noodles.

(at the request of the interviewees, Liu Ming, Liu Wangcai, Yu Jiang and Rong Shun are assumed names)

* Head Map purchased in visual China

Recommended reading

Seriously declare: "Business Person" all original articles, reprint must be authorized. All Forms of illegal republication, including but not limited to piracy, unauthorized republication by third parties without the authorization of "business people" , is an act of tort, "business people" will be published "blacklist" and legal liability. "business people" are only willing to work with institutions that respect intellectual property rights.

Write, meet, collaborate and contact bizleaders@qqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqq. Com
Add to Wechat biz-leader, reprint authorized or invite you to join the group of business friends

Wechat name: Business figure

WECHAT ID: biz-leaders
1. Long press the Qr Code on the right to follow.
2. I look forward to seeing you at the top with the stars. Welcome to share and comment, welcome to leave a message or private message to us to provide clues on topics.
3. Click "read the original" to see the official website of business figures, access to more exciting content.

Write, meet, collaborate and contact bizleaders@qqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqq. Com
Add to Wechat biz-leader, reprint authorized or invite you to join the group of business friends

Write, meet, collaborate and contact bizleaders@qqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqq. Com

Add to Wechat biz-leader, reprint authorized or invite you to join the group of business friends

Wechat name: Business figure

WECHAT ID: biz-leaders
1. Long press the Qr Code on the right to follow.
2. I look forward to seeing you at the top with the stars. Welcome to share and comment, welcome to leave a message or private message to us to provide clues on topics.
3. Click "read the original" to see the official website of business figures, access to more exciting content.

Wechat name: Business figure

WECHAT ID: biz-leaders

1. Long press the Qr Code on the right to follow.
2. I look forward to seeing you at the top with the stars. Welcome to share and comment, welcome to leave a message or private message to us to provide clues on topics.
3. Click "read the original" to see the official website of business figures, access to more exciting content.

Go to "discover"-"take a look" browse "friends watching"

Sent

####Send it to take a look

Sending

A scan of wechat
Pay attention to the account


-------------
title: During the outbreak, a shuttered industrial town
source: Business figure
authors: _
editors: _
proofreader: _
photographer: _
translator: _
via: https://github.com/2019ncovmemory/nCovMemory
link: https://mp.weixin.qq.com/s/QBCa9OjQnm2woZKQQf3L_w
archive: http://archive.ph/sCGVJ
snapshot: https://github.com/2019ncovmemory/nCovMemory/blob/master/archive/jpg/1430.jpg
lead: "A wire-mesh siege. "
cover: data:image/jpeg;base64,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
