##If you do a good job, you can at least reduce the number of infections in your care

Wechat, renwumag1980

Feature Introduction, the best Chinese character report

Wu Anhua, a member of the prevention and Control Expert Group of the National Health Commission, was one of the first experts to arrive at the scene after the outbreak of the epidemic in Wuhan. He is also a professor at the Center for Infection Control, Xiangya Hospital, Central South University, Hunan, and chairman of the hospital infection control branch of the Chinese Society of Preventive Medicine. On January 21, he was invited to Wuhan to direct the outbreak. The news came as a surprise. He set off for Foshan in hospital overalls. thinking the outbreak was not serious, he brought only a day's change of clothes and thought he would soon be able to go home for the Spring Festival. But I didn't expect to be here for almost a month.

On the second day of their arrival in Wuhan, a group of experts including Wu Anhua participated in the formulation of the technical guide for the prevention and control of COVID-19 infection in medical institutions (first edition) , which has been continuously refined since then, specifically, how to wear and take off a surgical mask, how to wash your hands, how to sit down for meals by multiple medical staff, and how to disinfect door handles and buttons. In addition, Wu Anhua was responsible for the infection control training of medical teams in other places —————————————————————————————————————————————————————————————————————————————————— The Busiest Day in Florida is the first day of the Lunar New Year, when he teaches six teams and travels to different locations to train medical staff and prevent and Control Hospital infections, 270 miles in one day.
On the afternoon of February 14, at a press conference held by the Joint Prevention and Control Mechanism of the State Council for COVID-19, Zeng Yixin, deputy director of the National Health Commission, said that as of 2400 hours on February 11, there were 1,716 cases of new coronary pneumonia confirmed by medical personnel, accounting for 3.8% of the confirmed cases in China. Six of them died tragically, accounting for 0.4% of the total number of deaths in China. Hubei medical staff confirmed 1502 cases of new coronary pneumonia, including 1102 cases in Wuhan.
In Wu's view, this should not have happened. "If we do a good job, we can at least reduce [ medical infections ] A lot. The subject of college sense has now come to the point where it must be built, no longer by passion, devotion, or anything else. "

The following is a dialogue between people and Wu Anhua.

Wu Anhua, a member of the prevention and Control Expert Group of the National Health Commission, was one of the first experts to arrive at the scene after the outbreak of the epidemic in Wuhan. He is also a professor at the Center for Infection Control, Xiangya Hospital, Central South University, Hunan, and chairman of the hospital infection control branch of the Chinese Society of Preventive Medicine. On January 21, he was invited to Wuhan to direct the outbreak. The news came as a surprise. He set off for Foshan in hospital overalls. thinking the outbreak was not serious, he brought only a day's change of clothes and thought he would soon be able to go home for the Spring Festival. But I didn't expect to be here for almost a month.

On the second day of their arrival in Wuhan, a group of experts including Wu Anhua participated in the formulation of the technical guide for the prevention and control of COVID-19 infection in medical institutions (first edition) , which has been continuously refined since then, specifically, how to wear and take off a surgical mask, how to wash your hands, how to sit down for meals by multiple medical staff, and how to disinfect door handles and buttons. In addition, Wu Anhua was responsible for the infection control training of medical teams in other places —————————————————————————————————————————————————————————————————————————————————— The Busiest Day in Florida is the first day of the Lunar New Year, when he teaches six teams and travels to different locations to train medical staff and prevent and Control Hospital infections, 270 miles in one day.

On the afternoon of February 14, at a press conference held by the Joint Prevention and Control Mechanism of the State Council for COVID-19, Zeng Yixin, deputy director of the National Health Commission, said that as of 2400 hours on February 11, there were 1,716 cases of new coronary pneumonia confirmed by medical personnel, accounting for 3.8% of the confirmed cases in China. Six of them died tragically, accounting for 0.4% of the total number of deaths in China. Hubei medical staff confirmed 1502 cases of new coronary pneumonia, including 1102 cases in Wuhan.

In Wu's view, this should not have happened. "If we do a good job, we can at least reduce [ medical infections ] A lot. The subject of college sense has now come to the point where it must be built, no longer by passion, devotion, or anything else. "

The following is a dialogue between people and Wu Anhua.

By Luo Ting

Editor, sugar maple

People: What Day did you arrive in Wuhan?

Anhua Wu: January 21. That day I was at work, suddenly received notice, did not say particularly clear, said let me to Wuhan to guide the feeling control work. I wear work clothes, even cotton-padded jacket are not, carrying a small bag on the high-speed rail, the bag only filled with a day of laundry. I didn't expect to be in Wuhan for a long time, nor did I expect the epidemic to be so severe. I thought I would have to go back eventually. If I didn't go back on December twenty-nine, I would go back on December 30. But unexpectedly, the city was sealed off and there was no going back.

People: What is the first feeling after coming to Wuhan?

Wu Anhua: I went to the Epidemic Prevention Headquarters that day. At that time, some experts had already come. The next day, we went to the hospital. We went to the Zhongnan Hospital and the Lung Hospital. After we had a thorough understanding of the overall situation, we found that the situation was quite serious, it's worse than we thought. First of all, more patients, I still remember in the south-central Hospital Icu we saw a doctor on crutches to work. Think about it. What's it like to wear a hazmat suit and a cane to work? Their head of ICU said, no way, manpower is too tight.

How can I describe it? It should be said that when I came here, the epidemic was snowballing, and it was getting bigger and bigger, and it was not easy to predict. Who could have foreseen so many cases? This is beyond imagination.

Wu Anhua in protective clothing, Central South University News

People: What kind of work did you do afterwards?

Wu Anhua: the first is to hold a meeting, a small meeting and a meeting with the Hubei Provincial Center for Disease Control and Prevention to discuss countermeasures. My focus is first to do some systems, I and Peking University First Hospital Professor Li 600 million together to do an infection prevention and control program, the National Health Commission has been released. They also met with experts to discuss how to straighten out fever clinics, and then to train medical staff, which continues to this day.

People: What kind of condition was the fever clinic in Wuhan at that time?

Wu Anhua: The main problem is that there are too many patients for the fever clinic to accommodate. And the fever clinic is that big, and there's a long line. The doctor was so tired that one patient after another could not stop. The main contradiction is that many patients need to be hospitalized, but there are not enough beds to take in, are crowded in (outpatient clinic) here. Later, we would like to open more outpatient clinic, has opened the outpatient clinic also increased some consulting rooms, it will be faster. Otherwise, patients who wear masks and patients who do not wear masks crowded together, also easy to cross-infection.

People: Infection Control has always been a very important work, especially when there is such a major epidemic, what is the general process of infection control?

Wu Anhua: usually there will be an emergency plan, but this year the situation is so urgent and serious that no one can think of it. Our XIANGYA case is relatively small, at that time still did sufficient preparation, fever clinic and isolation ward are arranged, also arranged manpower. However, protective materials are not enough. We have a little, but not much, because now we are always talking about increasing efficiency and "zero inventory" . Suddenly there is a great demand and there is also tension in the rear.

People: In terms of Health Care Infections, we've also seen the latest published data, 1,716 health care workers have been diagnosed with infection across the country. Why do you think this is happening?

Wu Anhua: Some patients were not hospitalized because of this disease. They had already been infected before they were hospitalized. During the hospitalization, he showed it. He showed it, but it wasn't typical, and it was hard for us to recognize it early on, because the disease itself was weird, which made it harder to recognize. And the lack of a quick diagnostic.

Before the patient shows symptoms, our medical staff is infected, and they can pass it on to others, including family members. The consequences could be severe.

People: Do you remember anything in particular about the health care workers who were infected?

Anhua Wu: I just wonder what it means to have more than 1,000 medical infections in Wuhan alone? We could open another hospital on our own. And a lot of them are hard-core. So far, we have also lost a few, all young and strong. Is there no protection? Mainly in the early days of the epidemic, there should be no shortage of protective materials. The reason for this must be pondered.

And medical staff infected, in fact, is also a blow to the public, even doctors can not protect themselves, then we can save it? It's demoralizing. So infection control is really a very important issue.

Central South University News

"PEOPLE" : Many people are in this epidemic only the first time to hear the hospital sense of the department, hospital sense of the department in the hospital is a what kind of existence? What are the daily tasks?

Wu Anhua: The hospital sense section in the country should be 90's since the beginning, the real development of civilization is definitely in 2006. This is because the country began to reflect on this issue after SARS, so issued the "hospital infection management measures" , stipulating that hospitals with more than 100 beds should set up hospital infection management departments. This method has a clear definition of the responsibilities of the hospital sense department, a total of 12: including the detection and analysis of risk factors for hospital infection; guidance of hospital cleaning, disinfection and sterilization, Medical Waste Management; and training of medical personnel, prevention and control of hospital infection and so on.

But in fact, no one is looking at how well it works. As a rule, there are at least four infection control workers for every 1,000 beds, but there are now only four people for every 2,000 beds in some hospitals, and they may have other responsibilities. In my opinion, the poor development of hospital sense, lack of talent is one of the root causes.

People: Why is there a shortage of talent?

Wu Anhua: This is a talent reserve problem. There is no one in our country called infection control, so the staff of the hospital infection control department are transferred from other specialties. Some people feel that it makes sense to do this, some have nowhere to go, and some feel that the sense of hospital is very relaxed. It is also because infection control is not a professional, hospital staff can not be promoted like doctors, from attending doctors to deputy chief doctors, you only heard of physicians, surgeons, did not hear of hospital doctors, right? That's why it's so hard to keep people here. You can't hold on to talent. You can't do anything with an unstable team.

People: Some people say that it is usually a costly and fault-finding department.

Anhua Wu: Yes, actually it is not to find fault, the main goal is to improve quality. It costs money, but hospitals don't spend money on one department, and other departments do too. Hospital should attach importance to infection control, not always think, usually I can compress on compression, can reduce a person to reduce a person, but should be in accordance with national requirements, to build such a department, to nurture its talent. It's still a money-making program, but it's not going to be as easy to see as it is to save a hospital money, and a lot of money if you do prevention well.

People: As far as you know, which countries have a better sense control system?

Anhua Wu: The United States and the United Kingdom are not bad. Sometimes to communicate with them, they have their own evaluation system, personnel how to train, how to promote, their sense of greater voice, this is a step-by-step construction process. In our country, hospital admissions were made public last year because of two accidents -- a hospital infection in a newborn in Shunde, Guangdong Province, and a hospital infection of Hepatitis C in 69 hemodialysis patients in Dongtai, Jiangsu Province. I think it's sad that we don't have a basis for always pushing in this way.

People: Like this epidemic in Wuhan.

Wu Anhua: This time it has become so big. If we have a better emergency mechanism, a stronger human consciousness and more effective measures, must it develop to 60,000 cases? We should have been able to get it to brake at 10,000, go a little further and get it to fifteen thousand. Medical infection is the same, if we do a good job, at least we can reduce a lot of AH. Therefore, the academic sense of this discipline has now reached the time when it must be built, and can no longer rely on others'enthusiasm and dedication, relying on accidents to promote it.

People: Since then, you have been training medical staff. Can you tell us something about your work in this area?

Wu Anhua: We do training mainly for the medical team from other places to Wuhan. Every team should do training. I've probably trained, like, 10,000 people. I go to class every day. On the first day of the New Year, I went to six races, ran 270 kilometers and went to six different places, but I was touched. Why moved, because many medical teams are 30, New Year's Eve did not eat to come, there are Shanghai, Jiangsu, Guangdong medical teams, we are not complaining, said to leave.

People: of all the things you have prepared, what do you think is the most important thing you will say to them?

Anhua Wu: in every class, the first thing I emphasize is the severity and infectivity of the epidemic. And tell our medical team, how to prevent infection -- , the key is to put on a mask and practice hand hygiene. I emphasize these two points in every class. While other measures are important, I make these two key ones. I'm going to do this in person at random, and I can give you some examples to make an impression.

This mask, for example, would have been a better mask, like the one you're wearing now, to stop particles of 0.3 microns. 0.3 microns is tiny. It stops 95% of particles at 0.3 microns. Isn't that great? With a mask like this, if you don't wear it properly, if you don't do a tightness test, there's a leak on the side, not only 0.3 microns can go in, three microns can go in, ten microns can go in. If you don't do a fit test, you're not wearing one. There's a way to do this. Everyone will do it once you teach them.

I also told them, do not think, I came here to support a month, can lose five pounds, I said if there is a plan to stop, there are weight loss, weight loss to stop. If you do not sleep well and eat well, your resistance will decline, very dangerous.

Wu Anhua at a pre service training center at Central South University

People: A lot of doctors and nurses have probably never been exposed to this level of infection before, and they haven't had this level of protection. What kind of questions do they ask?

Anhua Wu: Some people will ask after work to take a bath to want how long? Because someone told her it would take half an hour, but it's not that mechanical. It's just a rough wash. And people ask if they wear masks in their rooms? Personally, I don't think so, but to get their attention, I say you can wear a mask to bed if you want.

With the spread of the Aerosol, some people asked, in the hotel can open the window, can open several times a day, how long? This shows that people still have fear, I am bold to tell them, as long as no one outside your window coughing, sneezing, you can drive as long as you like, not the sky in Wuhan are New Coronavirus Aerosol, it has been diluted. They will ask a lot of interesting questions, so every day in class, although hard, but also very interesting.

People: As far as we know, there are many medical teams that have issued a zero-infection warrant.

Wu Anhua: Yes, but I also told them that if someone has a fever, they must report it, and they must not feel that they are taking ill to work in order to perform well. When I say you're going to work sick at this hour, not only don't praise you, but criticize you. I have to say every class, I am glad to see you all safe to come, I hope most of all that you can safely go back. And is everybody goes back together, do not leave which person is still here to treat pneumonia. They laugh. So far, medical teams from outside the country haven't found a single case of infection.

People: Before I came here today, I read the diary of a doctor from the Hwaseo hospital who came to support Wuhan. She said that perhaps no society is prepared to deal with this epidemic, the depletion of supplies and personnel is continuous and it is not known for how long. Can we get away with this? In this case, human beings are still very small.

Wu Anhua: actually, we don't need to say that. As long as we are prepared, if something like this happens again, we will certainly be able to handle it better. Especially over the years, with dengue, with Zika, with Mers, with Bunia, we've all coped better.

In fact, our country two years ago to do an emergency drill for infectious diseases, because it is a drill, the results of course are good. I don't know why I made such a big deal out of it this time. If you had controlled it earlier, it would have cost a lot of money and manpower, but no matter how you spent it, it would have been worth it now, and never forget the threat of infectious diseases to our species.

Haven't you seen enough?

LONG-PRESS QR code to follow "people" on Wechat

There's more where that came from

WECHAT SWEEPS UP Praise for author

####Send it to the author

People Admire

Long-press the QR code to transfer the funds to me

Under apple's new rules, wechat's iOS version of the APP has been turned off to support public accounts through Qr code transfers.

Go to "discover"-"take a look" browse "friends watching"

Sent

####Send it to take a look

Sending

A scan of wechat
Pay attention to the account


-------------
title: If you do a good job, you can at least reduce the number of infections in your care
source: ren-wu-/-mei-ri-ren-wu
authors: _
editors: _
proofreader: _
photographer: _
translator: _
via: https://github.com/2019ncovmemory/nCovMemory
link: https://mp.weixin.qq.com/s/LXSt56QNUaBVYwAe6uMqkA
archive: http://archive.is/06oMF
snapshot: https://github.com/2019ncovmemory/nCovMemory/blob/master/archive/jpg/1412.jpg
lead: Never forget the threat that infectious diseases pose to our species.
cover: data:image/jpeg;base64,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
