##Visiting a Shelter Hospital: Patients, nurses and volunteers in a snowstorm

Micro Signal, Peopleweekly

Feature description, portrait of the Times.

"I watched the snow on the windowsill for a long time. I was homesick and we were wondering when it would end. "

"They think there's an electric blanket on the bed, so if you're cold, you can just hide under the covers. There's no place to hide, so it's a priority for the staff, except for a few patients who have chills. "

"When a head nurse Menstruates, she may be wearing a diaper and getting all wet, which is definitely uncomfortable, but no matter what, as a head nurse, you have to stand up even when you have a breakdown. "

This article first appeared in the southern people's weekly
By Zhang Mingmeng, Xu Mei and Yang Nan, staff writers
Reporter trainee, tso-eon, Miyako
Liang Hanwen, Liu Ruirui, he peiyun
Editor | Zhou Jianping rwzkjpz@163. Com
The full text is about 5,872 words and takes about 14 minutes to peruse

"I watched the snow on the windowsill for a long time. I was homesick and we were wondering when it would end. "

"They think there's an electric blanket on the bed, so if you're cold, you can just hide under the covers. There's no place to hide, so it's a priority for the staff, except for a few patients who have chills. "

"When a head nurse Menstruates, she may be wearing a diaper and getting all wet, which is definitely uncomfortable, but no matter what, as a head nurse, you have to stand up even when you have a breakdown. "

This article first appeared in the southern people's weekly

By Zhang Mingmeng, Xu Mei and Yang Nan, staff writers

Reporter trainee, tso-eon, Miyako

Liang Hanwen, Liu Ruirui, he peiyun

Editor | Zhou Jianping rwzkjpz@163. Com

The full text is about 5,872 words and takes about 14 minutes to peruse

Room 1, Ward 1, Shelter Hospital, Wuhan International Convention and Exhibition Center. Photo of Interviewee Yang Xue (red coat) with Shanxi medical team and patients / interviewee provided

Two days ago, Wuhan's cooling and rainy and snowy weather once brought challenges to the Wuhan Square Cabin Hospital.

February 14,2020, a new round of cold air southward, Hubei Province temperature suddenly dropped. The night of the storm in Wuhan. At noon on the 15th, the Wuhan Observatory issued a Snow Yellow Warning Signal: It is expected that from noon on the 15th to the evening, there will be about six millimeters of snow in Wuhan; at the same time, it issued a yellow warning signal of icy roads: It is expected that from the afternoon of the 15th to the morning of the 16th, most parts of the city will be likely to have an impact on traffic road ice.

According to Xinhua News Agency on the 15th, many departments in Wuhan have launched contingency plans to reduce the adverse effects of rain and snow on the fight against the epidemic. Wuhan Traffic Police Focus on inspection of medical institutions, shelter hospitals and centralized isolation points around the road conditions, to ensure that medical rescue channels open.

Wuhan's first shelter hospitals were put into service on February 3. As of February 15, Wuhan had opened nine shelter hospitals with more than 6,960 beds and 5,606 patients.

The air conditioning has been suspended from use at the hospital in Wuhan in an attempt to stop the flow of air across the hospital and cause cross infection. This reporter interviewed a number of Shelter Hospital medical staff, patients and provide material support for the shelter volunteers, as well as the first-line anti-epidemic workers'families, to understand the extreme weather conditions in the shelter hospital. Here's what they say.

How to keep warm in a hospital in a snow shelter in Wuhan

Lu Junyi:
No symptoms for more than 10 days, the nucleic acid retest positive rate is about 50% 

Lu Junyi:

No symptoms for more than 10 days, the nucleic acid retest positive rate is about 50% 

I'm in the Kong Hon shelter, also known as the martial arts show shelter. The fever began on January 21, because the reagents were very nervous. It was not until February 2 that the nucleic acid test was carried out. The results were received on the 3rd and the first patients were admitted to the shelter in the early morning of the 6th. I had a fever before I went into the shelter, and I didn't have a cough, and it's been going on ever since.

The doctor asked me to retest the nucleic acid, and I retested positive. Do a sample, there are two nucleic acid indicators, I was a negative, a positive. At present, I think that a positive is 100% positive, negative may have a false negative, so I can determine that a positive, but also wait a week or so to retest. Now that it's definitely positive, and there's still some virus left, it's going to take at least a few more days for the body's immune system to clean it up. At least two consecutive "double negative" tests, more than 24 hours interval between the two tests, and because we want to avoid false negative problems, we also need to combine late retesting, including retesting of CT and Hemogram, to discharge from the hospital after all conditions are OK, as a precaution, discharged patients are quarantined at home for 14 days.

The doctor is teaching the patients in the CT line how to do the CT.

Photo / courtesy of Luk chun-yi

There are a large number of patients like me 10-20 days without symptoms, retest positive rate is about 50% . In other words, people like us who have gotten better, even after 10 or 20 days, still have some residual virus in their bodies. In order to be responsible to the society, oneself and family members, it is better to have all kinds of index normal, follow strict procedure to discharge.

It was very cold when we came here in the early morning of the 6th, and the gate was usually open for ventilation. The nurses in Hainan were in charge of us, and they didn't have any way to keep warm, so they stood all night, shivering and without chairs. Later, we reflected that although the main door was still to be opened, six additional counters were installed and the heating mode seemed to have been open for several days in a row.

On the evening of the 14th, the temperature began to drop, and the shutter door at the gate, the most common aluminum shutter door, was lowered. The wind is really too strong and the temperature is too low. Roll shutter door down, 15 and equipped with a number of fans and small sun, a limited number of patients feel that the bed has a heating blanket, cold words hide on the bed. There was no place for the medics to hide, they came from all over the world, from Hainan to Inner Mongolia, Inner Mongolia was used to having heat in winter, Hainan had never experienced this kind of weather. So in addition to the individual patient has the cold condition, lets the medical staff first use (the heating equipment) .

One interviewee, Ms. Li, said the staff did not have heaters, so the inmates gave them their own. Today, they put a jacket over the suit. Ms. Lee said most of the patients she saw were optimistic about the chart / respondents provided

The air conditioner is on at full blast, but the space is too big to do much good. Installed air conditioning, we all feel that there is no temperature near the bed, some patients are afraid of the cold, hiding in bed, or in the air-conditioning this side turn. Some people have been moving around, walking, doing Tai Chi. The public area on this side of the pavilion is rather small, so it is not as wide-ranging as other shelters. The patients find some open space or do some exercises by the bed.

In the medical staff under the lead, we will dance every day from time to Time Radio Calisthenics

Photo / interviewees

We have no power cut, the martial arts show shelter is a fixed building, all the settings are good. On the 15th, there was a line in one of the wards. It might have been a big electrical appliance. The outlet burned. Fortunately, the line did not burn. There was only a short power cut. There's been no power outages, just no high-power appliances. Someone was going to bring their own kettle, the police patrol stopped.

I wear a cotton-padded jacket, with a very long down jacket, can be used as a quilt cover, there is no use. Before somebody tidies up too hastily, the toiletries, the towel did not take, here all promptly sent. The drug was dispensed in time on the first afternoon, and patients with other chronic conditions who needed to take the drug for a long time were counted.

On her first day at the Wuhan Sports Center Stadium on Feb. 12,2020, patient Akari received toiletries, military coats, Thermos Cups and other items

Originally, there was no bathing room for bathing. On the evening of the 16th, a batch of boilers was shipped from Zhejiang. There are electric water machine, if only drink water then basic need not wait in line. There's a long line at night to turn on the water at rush hour. Some people may need to wash up or something, but other times it's fine. Because a water heater is meant to be a drinking fountain, if you're going to make a whole bowl of it, someone's going to pick up a bucket, it's just cooked, and you're probably going to burn it again. I did not join the fun (line) , in this side did not draw water to wash hair, take water to wipe the body, every morning wipe down the face brush next teeth, as if I was in confinement.

Wuzhan shelter headquarters purchased 4 Electric Boilers from Hangzhou, Zhejiang

There is a public toilet in central district. There are three pits on the side of the men's toilet. There was a long queue for several days at first. Then a shipment of porta-potties arrived, and now the problem is basically solved.

Photo of a sanitation worker outside a portable toilet in the Wushu show shelter / provided by Lu Junyi

We don't want to go home because of the weather, but we always do. Some people like me may be in a better state of mind, according to the process, how to do it. Some people might be in a hurry. These days, some people will ask why they can not do nucleic acid retest and anxious to find staff quarrel, but still a few people.

I'm also volunteering in the shelter, and we have a volunteer group, and there are 112 people in that group right now. Mainly with the nurses to distribute some supplies and meals. Another is to assist the police to maintain order here. Sometimes some people quarrel, like the staff of the Neighborhood Committee to mediate, can persuade.

6:00 or 7:00 in the morning, around 12:00 in the afternoon, around 6:00 in the evening, you can eat in time, to hand are warm, the food is getting better and better. On the 16th, we had braised pork with Brown sauce, fried pork with Cowpea, shredded pork with dried bamboo shoots and green vegetables for lunch. Breakfast is basically Pasta, the supermarket common quick-frozen Milk Bread, small steamed bread and so on. From a few days after admission to the hospital, every morning will be accompanied by milk, yogurt. Fruit is usually sent in the afternoon or evening.

AKARI's lunch consisted of a four-course, meat-and-vegetable Combo, and milk, yogurt, and fruit

Beds vary from ward to ward, with smaller beds of about 19 beds and more than twenty-six beds. There is no partition in the middle of the bed, keep a distance of about one meter. Usually two wards count as one ward, and there is a wall between the different wards, which is about 1.45 meters high.

The medical staff is two point one line, if it is work time to rest, sit in their charge of the door of the ward, there will be a small desk, a chair, they have to sit on the chair to rest. But it has also recently been learned that nurses must rest with their heads down, keeping their heads down or flat, as slits in the neck area can open up and increase the risk of infection. A lot of the nurses are starting to get a little uncomfortable with their necks hanging down for so long. Some nurses because already easy to have the occupational disease and so on Cervical Vertebra disease, often can have a disease, particularly afflictive.

Inside the show's shelter, medical personnel must rest with their heads down and a heater at their feet

Exhibition Shelter Patient Yang Xue:
Chocolate for every bed on Valentine's Day

Exhibition Shelter Patient Yang Xue:

Chocolate for every bed on Valentine's Day

I was one of the first ones in the shelter. When I first got here, there were electric blankets on every bed. The staff turned on the air-conditioning when the weather changed. But actually the space is too high, the air conditioning function is not obvious. On the 15th, a batch of small sun heaters were shipped, and we were all used by the medical staff in our bedding.

The life here, diet is very good, Three Meals a Day have milk, breakfast have eggs, steamed bread, porridge. Three meat-and-vegetable dishes, four dollars and four dishes, two meat and two vegetables, also have fruit. The staff was generally careful, but too mobile. Because from all places, there are Shanxi, Hainan, Guizhou, a Monday to change. I was talking to the nurse on the 16th about why you guys change so often. They said that because each district's workload is different, for example, 16 may come to our work load is larger, 17 on a smaller amount of work to change the place.

We belong to the mild illness patients, I am the mild illness among the mild illness, enters the symptom is the diarrhea, the whole body lacks strength. The next day the doctor did not let me take western medicine, they eat the Chinese medicine specially made in the shelter, because my symptoms are better, there is no diarrhea. But I stayed for 12 days without any tests, nucleic acid, blood, or CT.. I don't know if it's good or not. Without an accurate answer, some patients are anxious.

On Valentine's Day, Feb. 14, we were moved by the way the paramedics handed out chocolates to each bed in the evening, along with the details of Three Meals a Day's daily diet.

At the Shelter Hospital of Wuhan International Convention and Exhibition Center, on the evening of Valentine's Day on February 14, medical care was provided by Yang Xue, the interviewee

Liu Yue (pseudonym) :
Hot Water in a water bottle, diapers in your shoes, down jacket, still cold

Liu Yue (pseudonym) :

Hot Water in a water bottle, diapers in your shoes, down jacket, still cold

I'm a nurse. I'm on the nursing team in Guizhou. This time, I was responsible for nursing all the patients in the West Hall. The most important thing was the patients'daily living arrangement, the monitoring of their vital signs, the observation of their condition and psychological dynamic. I found that the patients were in a bad mood, timely give health education, psychological counseling.

We set out on February 4th and arrived at the hotel at 11 p.m. Training in the morning on the 6th, in the evening. The crew did not have heating equipment when they first entered the cabin, but they were equipped with down jackets. Each bed is fitted with an electric blanket.

The Gate of the western section of the military exhibition shelter is also the only gate for admission of patients, provided by the police and medical map / Liu Yue at the gate

It snowed on the 15th, the patient saw that I didn't have a heater here. He brought me a little sun and got me a plug board and a power supply.

WE HAVE A SIX-HOUR SHIFT: 8 Am to 2 PM, 2 pm to 8 pm, 8 am to 2 am, 2 am to 8 am. I work night shift on the 15th, from 8pm to 2am, and from 2am to 8am on the 16th.

If you work the night shift, the second half of the night must be the coldest. Put your clothes on, it's still cold. But it's definitely easier than the day shift, because there's so little manipulation involved, and the patients are asleep. We can't sleep when the patient is asleep, so we just walk around and have a look. There are a few small ways to use that water bottle to fill a little hot water, hand holding a little warm. Some teachers even put on rain boots and wrap them in a diaper before putting them on, saying it would be warmer.

Three nurses with a patient in room 45. Nurse Liu is on the far right

Photo courtesy of Liu Yue

We can also sit or stand, depending on our own situation. If we only sit, it will be quite cold. The patient was up and about at the end of his shift (8 a.m.) . They are doing exercises, we sometimes follow those Tai Chi play a good practice, activities, slightly better (warm) a little bit.

Especially after work, my hands, AH, hands with gloves are especially cold, off is also cold through the bone, 15 back I feel a bit uncomfortable, 16 drink a little bit better. You can have a hot bath at the hotel. May have been added to the heater, relatively speaking, or more humane.

A letter of thanks from a patient in room 45 of the exhibition center to a nurse of the Guizhou Support Team -- "Your peace is our most sincere wish. " Photo / Yueyue Liu

On the 14th, a head nurse said she felt menstruated, and then her trousers were dirty, she had no choice but to change them. But the first day of the general amount is not much, 15 off work, she may be wearing a diaper, she said all wet, urine plus blood, especially uncomfortable. It must be hard, but at the end of the day, as a team leader, you have to pull yourself together.

We have no experience in the first few days in the cabin, often because of the issue of rice, there are patients have comments. We're all men on the west side, and we eat more than women, and we're all measured, so for example, if I have 360 beds, I'll have 360 boxes. The patient wears a mask, we are not familiar with so quickly, it is possible that after he took it, he felt not enough, and assumed the name to lead, resulting in the back of the meal is not enough, the back of the patient will be angry. Of course, I can understand them, after all, can not let the patient go hungry. The police came over to help us coordinate and pacify.

"I want to eat Malatang" is written on the back of Sichuan Medical Team members of the Guobo Shelter Hospital

We have a group of patients who have volunteered to work with us, and most of them are very good. A lot of the kids in our group got thank-you notes from every ward, and I think that's very meaningful. At the door of some wards, patients invited us to take pictures with them.

A group photo of nurse Liu Yue with three patients. Wearing the red armband is a "housekeeper" volunteer, to assist nurse Liu's work drawing / provided by Liu Yue

The Rain and snow on the 15th had little effect on us. We're from the south. It's hard to see snow. The 15th so heavy snow, snowflakes kept drifting, in fact, the accumulation is not very thick, but I looked at the window for a long time the snow. There were moods, excitement, and homesickness. I just sat by the window, just sitting there gawking at the snow. Homesick. I feel so homesick, but I can't help it. We were wondering when it would be over.

Wuhan Square Cabin Hospital Fa Jun coat and thick quilt warm-up video / We video

Dr. Zhang Ning (not his real name) :
If people with mild illness don't want to come to the shelter because they're worried, that's scary

Dr. Zhang Ning (not his real name) :

If people with mild illness don't want to come to the shelter because they're worried, that's scary

It was freezing in the shelter on the 15th, and our paramedic had a runny nose and no heater. But the patient is fine and can snuggle under the covers. Patients have difficulty going to the toilet and taking a bath, but otherwise fine.

The conditions in the shelter are relatively simple. This mainly means that the working environment of medical care can not be compared with normal hospitals. In fact, patients are fine. It is very necessary for patients with mild illness to come here to be isolated. All materials and medicines for patients are guaranteed, and it's all free. Several of my old neighbours inquired after me, fearing that the conditions would be bad and that they would suffer. If people with mild illness don't want to come to the shelter because they're worried, that's scary.

It's okay if we work harder. We doctors work a six-hour shift, need to arrive an hour early, wear protective clothing to be ready, off work is the same, according to the process of isolation clothes, such a shift before and after eight hours. There's so much to do in class, a doctor has to take care of nearly 50 patients. Wear diapers to work, don't eat, don't go to the bathroom. There's a packed lunch after work.

On February 15, rain and snow fell outside the shelter of the Martial Arts Exhibition

Video / interviewees provided by Luk chun-yi

Volunteer profiterole (not his real name) :
We'd like to set up a temporary administration for the shelter hospital so they can receive supplies

Volunteer profiterole (not his real name) :

We'd like to set up a temporary administration for the shelter hospital so they can receive supplies

After the cooling, we received requests for warm clothing from a number of hospitals, several of which said they needed warm babies and warm clothing. When a medical team went to Wuhan, they only brought one jacket. We put it all together, and we sent out a request. On the 16th we tried to count the number, but it was a bit difficult: We couldn't tell the hospital what we had, and it was difficult for them to quantify the exact amount of demand. When we asked a shelter hospital what it needed, they could only tell us how many people there were and what they needed, such as some food, some warm clothing, some feminine supplies, but I can't put a number on it. But the good news is that another team has raised a batch of baby warming stickers and is already on their way to Wuhan.

Warm baby map / interviewees provided by Wuhan Guobo Shelter Hospital

We're focusing on non-medical docking now. Helped deliver a batch of apples two days ago. We first contacted the General Hospital of Tongji Hospital. They said that the newly opened department in Guanggu needed. When we contacted Guanggu Hospital district, they said that they were in great need of such nutritions as fruit and milk.

After these days of work, we found that these nutritional requirements are more common, because health care workers and patients need supplementary nutrition. Now a lot of materials are not very convenient to transport, like those vegetables and so on, but transportation is not very easy to solve. The green channel is only for medical supplies, and public donations, such as vegetables, can only be sent by hired car to this side of Hubei. Corporate donations allow them to cover the shipping costs. Individual donations are more difficult, such as from Shenzhen to Wuhan, 10 tons of vegetables to 8,500 yuan freight, 4 tons of vegetables to 3,500 yuan.

We'll dock with hotels that serve meals in the shelter, and they don't have a shortage of vegetables, or a place to put them if they receive a donation. But we know that other cities in Hubei need daily necessities, vegetables and fruits. A few days ago, I received a request from Xiaogan No. 1 People's Hospital. On the help list are toothpaste, toothbrush, shower Gel and shampoo, each requiring 500 copies.

Now there is a problem is the donation process is more cumbersome, the Shelter Hospital does not have a unified receiving unit, the need for larger communication costs. Like I usually communicate with the hospital supplies, contact five hospitals at the same time, one is a shelter, then the other four can be finalized soon, not the shelter. The shelter hospital was relatively understaffed, and when we delivered, they said, "it's all lesbians, nobody can unload. " There were also suggestions for a temporary administration for the shelter hospital to receive supplies.

Wuhan Living Room shelter distribution of "anti-epidemic peace of mind" read picture / respondents provided

Relatives of first-line anti-epidemic workers, Wuhan Citizen Jiang Cheng:
Compared to all the people out there working, we're already happy

Relatives of first-line anti-epidemic workers, Wuhan Citizen Jiang Cheng:

Compared to all the people out there working, we're already happy

On the evening of the 14th, they said they were going to cool it down, but they didn't expect it to be this big. Though the doors and windows were shut, the thunder rumbled in the room. Yeah, like a thunderclap. Then there was a storm, and through the window-panes could be heard the shrill sound of the wind and the beating of the rain, and the chill in the air.

In the first-line anti-epidemic gentleman because of the work reason in the hotel isolation, the unusual period air conditioning also all shut down can not use. He said it was so cold that he asked me to look for heating equipment in the house. After much searching at home, I finally found a forgotten electric blanket. The husband braves the strong wind to go home to take the heating equipment, one face heavy ground to say: this kind of inclement weather has added too many difficulties to the Wuhan's fight against the epidemic, especially lives in the shelter the patient and the medical staff, how should they pass this cold.

The next morning, wake up, the window is flying snow, the roof of the distance has a layer of snow. Open the mobile phone, wechat friend circle many trees have been uprooted pictures, branches across the road. Such a night of severe weather, even often make fun of the "three seasons a day" people in Wuhan also fear, after all, the storm snow is really rare.

A police picture of a man on duty outside a shelter as the weather cleared in Wuhan on July 16

On the 16th it was clear, blue and sunny, and if the streets were not so strangely quiet, it would not have been felt that the city was suffering from such an epidemic.

We had heat and hot meals, and we were happier than all the people out there working.

(thanks to Guo Qin for her help in the interview)

Stopping the NCP special topic:

Click "read the original" to subscribe and buy the latest magazine

Go to "discover"-"take a look" browse "friends watching"

Sent

####Send it to take a look

Sending

A scan of wechat
Pay attention to the account


-------------
title: Visiting a Shelter Hospital: Patients, nurses and volunteers in a snowstorm
source: nan-fang-zhou-mo-/-nan-fang-ren-wu-zhou-kan
authors: _
editors: _
proofreader: _
photographer: _
translator: _
via: https://github.com/2019ncovmemory/nCovMemory
link: https://mp.weixin.qq.com/s/8VQC7K7nykZaanC9nEDLNQ
archive: http://archive.ph/iVFdh
snapshot: https://github.com/2019ncovmemory/nCovMemory/blob/master/archive/jpg/1393.jpg
lead: "I watched the snow on the windowsill for a long time. I was homesick and we were wondering when it would end. "
cover: data:image/jpeg;base64,/9j/4AAQSkZJRgABAQAAAQABAAD/2wBDAAYEBQYFBAYGBQYHBwYIChAKCgkJChQODwwQFxQYGBcUFhYaHSUfGhsjHBYWICwgIyYnKSopGR8tMC0oMCUoKSj/2wBDAQcHBwoIChMKChMoGhYaKCgoKCgoKCgoKCgoKCgoKCgoKCgoKCgoKCgoKCgoKCgoKCgoKCgoKCgoKCgoKCgoKCj/wAARCADMAeADASIAAhEBAxEB/8QAHAAAAgIDAQEAAAAAAAAAAAAABQYEBwECAwgA/8QARRAAAgEDAwIDBgMFBgMIAgMAAQIDAAQRBRIhBjETQVEHFCJhcYEykaEjQlKxwRUkM2LR4Qhy8BYlQ1OCkqLxNLI1RGP/xAAbAQACAwEBAQAAAAAAAAAAAAACAwABBAUGB//EACwRAAICAgIBBAICAgEFAAAAAAABAhEDIQQSMQUTIkEyURRhBnGxIyQzkaH/2gAMAwEAAhEDEQA/ALJI8PWtTixjMiSY+RH+1VloC6r/ANoZtNsZ3itfEdrjAGAACM8jv2wKs/Ul8Pqdwf8AxrYHt/Cf96TU/wC4uquoNQuW26cLdZn4yfiYYIHyOc1kxTUVNV5NDV0yL17FcN0raK0iuBc5n2j13bD8v96ndCXDvZWviFidzBSc8rkj+YNYgsV1rT72NJj4/jSxDdyp/ZjaMemSp+oqL0Kk69I2a3yurxXMiY7MAJOx/wDUGrBnjcH/AE0bFNdehZmkttuQPUYo3pMv/fF1A3IMCSAH/mYH+lAbD4Lsbv4qKW7GPqmy5wJraaPHzUqw/rWvE9GOaoYGgjfuo+1cHs1OdpxUDqXqG20BbH3hWd7y5W3jRDzyeW+gyPzqD1t1Le9Py6f7npL6ks5kEiRMQ67ADkYBz3Naeoh5EvIYe1dFJHIHpXCuXSnUKdR6fcTLZ3Nm8MnhSRXAwwO0Hj1GDXfyNC1QUJdlZgDIrYVgdqyBmqCZsBmtl4r6sgVABL6rTbq7H+JFP8x/Sh0URbAUZzTL1Hpk93eRSW6qRswSTjnJrTTtJnhkhaVVG1gTz86pIK9Gtj03qbRiREEPl+0bafyojZ2N6jLFcIuVYBlzwfmKa/GW4GwNsk/hPf8A3oLeX5ttQWCbG7uhIzu9e3b70z24tA9mgdeaUCxa3GD5of6UOaIqcMCCPWjuna1Z60Z3syxMLBXyuOTnt+Va3EImu2jft4YZTjnOf/qhfxdE8gQJ9aD9Q2ks8EqpPIkTWtxG8WPhfdGQCfmDTLLA0LlWH3FczGrAhgCpGCD5irj+yfR5Tt72fUtN0nTEKym3ZFhUR/EGPOCScGnr2M373nXt000pkc6eyEkY/Cy+WTVsRdIdOxgBND04Y9YAaIWGi6Xp0xlsNNs7aUjBeGJVOPTIrZPkxlFpIRHE07snBeea3ArKjNdFUfesQ85hflXRVxW4Wt1WoQ1Ra7xpxXyA+Vd40zVkOkCVrqFo1zZzQpNLbu67RLEQHT5jPnUqBe3aurDioQRbjph5pQJ9a1YbGDbGueCeeRlfn5Gh9tp01rvtkLvAjsQzvkvk5ySeasORAfxAH6igmrxhLgOAAGH61TVkE67mljuZIiGyuPPjms26u+W2jPbk1nVBjUZT8l/lXS0Pw4FK+xiWjYwSY7L+dajTWL7ixUYHwhsD8qmZytdlPFEkCR0sjnuv5VIWyARiz4x6CuiGuu79m1FRLIgs4wO7n718bSLsQ3513J9K1zmpRLOPusOOx/OtHtocH4f1Ndya1IzVUXYK1DTLS5UCeBZVz2bNCtR0mOKOKGwtIY1ZwWZRtwB645NNCxPKwWJDI2eyjNELXQ7udyrIsWO5c/0H0qmi0wFaxRiIDYOOORXb3NJpEVYtzZ4AHemaLRrCBttzcmaX/wAuL/QZNMlnaR28jeDEscZUABRjnJzVqNguQnWvTd5NtzHHCnqxwfyo5FoNpa2UgkRZrjYfiPmecYFd7LX7S91ifTrUPJLAMyOuNi/LOfXijBUHkgZpjxuGmgO9keytILWICCFI+OdoxUgDHavhXxOKEoiXsLXCNET+zfhvI1JHasGtSw9agRvWB3Na7vSsB+/aoQ3IzQ7WOTbL/nJ/IUQB4ND9TOZbYeWWP6VT8FkcjvUFhOrtsKbckjNT/KuJU0FFiT1GuzqDTX8nV4/0J/pS91xbLJomonA3T2M8B+y71/kaZOs02yaXPj8FyoP34qLqtot3ZyRnngjHrkEGlOXWdjV+IhdJ3LWM7rkst37rOuef8RdpP54o9qN6tkl5K/wJCyzE48m5P2yTS/BFcWwsSwGyK1jRMjn4GHH6Z+5oh1ajv0zq0sq7C1uFYA7sDe4BH2KmlTh2b/TNEtJMctG1KHU7Nb22BETOwXPntYjP3xR29bw9Y0KcHg3Jiz8njYfzAoNp9rDZ6baW9shSFIUVQe/bz+frRLWGI0ywuQceDdW8h48t4U/oTToOnozSOvtH0qG/6bubuRSbjTo3uYMeTjBP6LXfrBrp4NLu9LZVvPEdYWPI3PCxA+5UCjGrwC60m/tyf8W3kj/NSKAR3av0T0/qEhIERspmPoAVVv0JrYmZpJbJvROtPr9jfX3xC3a6ZIFZcMqhEyp+jFhU5lwx486WPZfdy7L22uECLdMdUtuMfs5XYEfUFR/7hTXKMSuPnQSLxvSOSjnmtwKwBya2AoRpjFbAZrO2tlWoCzlIvIrCj510kHNaqPWoEc76P3gwv4kSbAAC+VIYehHqKH2OjTTX0tzOwGw/ApfJCjsD5HnsTzRhVLIyqAWPbNSzFJbWzu5VuOVAxRwl1sGSsrz2ZaNqWl3mti8jKW7yYTPmyu3IHptI5p2eIGZZP3gCv2ruh3OWAADjsKxVS27KRFa3ElydwyjR7T9Qcj+tDrmAwysp5HkfUUdQZzUW5gdpMsmYiw5zQrRASordakTWjIzeHkop2/PtXFaNOyjZFroorCj1GK6KMmrIZVOK3UcYr5R5V0QZ4qUQyg4rtGOa1Qc12jHrUos7xDCiumM1onaulCQ4SDIoZq8e623eaHP2oo/ao0674nU+YIq6Iiu9V/8Az3+i/wAqxaHg1tqq4v2z3wBX0AAHFJrYd6JQPFd0PFcAMDmuyfKjSBZ0WuoI2MD3rEMMspxFG7n/ACiiltoV4+BKqxBuAWOT+QqygVW8EEk77IULsfIUW1CzsdGt5Li/lT3eNCzyzSiJF+pPlTFpnhNaRyW+wxSqrrsIIIIHY+Y+dQn9izbaBcyuVlaOIjBOTkj7Ci1todpB4aSp45YklmGMcfKjKxgSM+OWAB+3/wB1sBRJIo0hhihQrDGiD0UYoBr2YPeHWNpWWAyCMdmOWOKZOwqtuu4L3W74Qm5Sz0iIAtIrfG7q+cEdiuB2PHJ4o1FSdMqwhpvVel6XpqJOQ15seSWO3AYLt/Fl/wAIxkdzW8fXHvWkS3trYOIxCJU3SglgfL4c4NALWHRogUitffnVmbMmCoY43YB4GeOAopjtLm5TTp2itbe2C7Nodtq98eopsp414REmSehI4TosF/FZ3NrJexrI8Vyf2id+Dx9/vTA826Tw1IzjJOeV9OKVYdZ1RyfCfSZ3/gE20n7k1oOobqPVIYtY0e5swzhI7lSskTEjtkcr+tJlk7tstRrwMGl6ot3Ld20mFu7STw5kH0yrD5EEEf7VPLg0uXVxZWnVMU5uYI5NSt1hjUuAZ3RmI2+pCse3lRMy98Utlkt5fvXJpe+KitKSK5mTyFCQmeKfWsiTmoO810U1CE9XJHeol/8A40H0b+ldojmuF5zcw/JW/mKtlpGmOKxgGtx2rBFAW/Ak9eITobSAcxurj7Gvo18QNzjcM5+tTerIvH0G8T//ADJobozGbT7ST+OFScH5ClTXyGxegD1MgitoPh/ZsxCn+Fjzn+YNcbO2F9FBbEI8MscUcqHnjcSRR2+t4/flhk+PdsBbGO7N/XBqJp9jJZX+Soz+y+LyBI5/UU14dWF7tx6jBIoKufMDis6gDL0ndbeWSMsPqpyP5VtLjLjGMjt6V10pfetHuIGABbeh+4/3pcVToB7GWN9yK3cMM0EvtEePo6XSNLYtJHDttzIQPiDblye2MiutrfGGCKN4X3IgUkY5wMVIXU1HeGX9K0JiZKxa6YHWUWs2q6zp+lrYbGjaW3K7o1wSAMH+IDjFOE6jxD864DVIx/4Uw+w/1rosy3Ch0BAPqOatsqEOujUDk1sBWQOeK2C4oRlowq1uBivhWyqT2GTUAe2cZRXMVvNNEtyLRpEW5blY2OCa2MEqZ3Iw+1W4tbaCTRhTg5re4lL2rRgnARh+hrlWTyp+mKEvyZtJoxao0rhAUUgnz+HNANS1ue31C2gtI45kaJ2kLZGDk7cH6A1NkBk0a029iEB5/wApH+lLGuWcx1zTJcHw/d3QkEDBBOM/Y0/DFS8gPQ7205fT0uByWiD47c4zXW5mRNNaeRljjADlmOABkZyaG6GjJ0xbCQ/EIDk5+Zqpvbl1bJDoFp0/pswE1+WFwQ3Kwg/h9RuP6KaTLTaCjGxrv/a30vb3skEDX16yOMvawblZgccMSAfr2qOntY6Ymm/vEOp2/luMCPk/RHJ/SqX0nonXHsbc2cQYNyuW7VKsPZx1hLLcpBBFEY+cynG6gU0xnSj0NpWtaXqyF9L1CC6A7qhw6/8AMp+IflRVe1eS7i31/RJUu7uGax1G3l3Jdx+R7Yz6H8jXoj2cdXW/VelxEkJfoAs6DsrY7/Q+VGpoCUGhuBrdDQ+W8MTlTASQcfjrAvz5Qf8Azo7ACqkZrshoOuoP5Qpj5sa6JqEnlFH+tSyBxPw5+dbE1GsJjLbFnCqd2OK7FuDVEMMeCKjt55PFdXYKMk1UvXPtdh0a9mstHtYb2WM7Wld2VM+YGOTirIgz1Z4dvq7b3VAyhhuYD1qNprC5yLdlmIIB8M7sH04qieqeuNS6k1FbrURBFtXbB4afhXOcc5Pc+dPPSHtWn0+JLa7srK4sTgP7rCtvIvz44J+o+9B12WXHa9O3UjKJnjjUkA4O4jjNTF0+ysvCaVRIzTeCd78KeSOAPPH61I6V6q0nqSwa60e58REOx0ZdrxtjOGH0+1SmtFvIZ9wyVufEX6gD/Wr8EQVijUQBBgDHkMV08qhi4wMenFSY23ID61aYJSv/ABX8dF6W2TxfYx5f4bVZnTd2IeidInHOLGA//BaV/b/pkOp+zXWGmQM1nF73ET3VlI5H2LD71K6alaT2baISSSdOgJ/9oqh1p40v7Ha2ufFgR+PiGeKkIwIpbtp5LfSlaPG4L+XftR20YsoycmrTFM7yP4cTueygmqkutStp7wm7Mtw65IjX4Y0/1Pzqy+o7lLPQr6eVtiLE2WPlnj+tUnqAcNIqZzxVTky4Kw7J1DDbI6WkUcRAz8Ayc/WsR6vJLoWq3H4nVoh8Rznkmg2k6E9yni3M8cCHgGQ4yT5U22XToi0a9gKF1ldCfMNgUCD0hGg1qaZ95Gxc4GRinLrKx1a46JvLfT5WZ2CTJlsNt2hvh+YNRodAtLSEm9CQxZLbTyzfQUbjvveRbJGClsYgqqc5xyBVpFSa+hA9nXSepXGo6drWrTNa+5Te8CFhyXYbSMdl3Z8quUnFLdltW4CyNtjVs9vOmHcCODRAI+3cGtSawfOtQfWlvyGb5zXWKo/nXUXMNumZjjgkcd8DJoogsIQdhXC7IF1Hu4Gwj/5V2sbmG4V2gyQh2nIxzgH+tBup7s28iEAnKBeB3JJwB9cUTVIif6DfgjaNpLZ81GRXB1KsQ3BFctEnleJTK1muBgqn4h8vSiN2EaMuSMjzqkkS2Kmpx+LYXCfxIR+lLXSshbQ7UN3QMn5MRTXMMow9RSb02NlvcRf+XcyL/X+tLmhkXo6avE8Wp2T+MwDuDn15HH86x1C00VijWw8Rd213PJAHI/0rl1WVkj0yTOQkrMCPVVz/AENEteCLol4qyLG0kZMbEjv5Yz59q1RTpC/sk+IXfewwSM4+tS+n2x7ynowP86F2U3vFnby/vFcN9Rwf1FTtDO2/uF9UB/I/71kaqbQf0HQo+VZ2j0FYHas5plC2bBVxyo/Kt1wBgdq0rIPlVhJnVTzW9cCeK3Vsc1CmzqtELBU2kjlgcE/0oLqF3HZWFzdTHEcETyt9FBJ/lUfReoY20y3uIE8eCZRKHU9wwyCPsRRw/sEh+1I+6afaaigxJFMIy47gNnH6gU06FfLqWkWd2uCJolc49cc/rSV7TNYtbzofUthVZYlEyrJwQUYE/pW3sl1ZZehbB2kBEfiK2Pk54rfJduMpfp0IVrI6GPqq8i0qC2uZE+CSdIG2jkFzhTjz5x9jWcYbB7g4NJntn1SMdBm7a5W2lW8ha1f94SKxOQPM4zx6ZputLlLy3juY2Db8biO27zrLkxViU/2OhP5NECP/APg4B/Btz9nIoB1U2y30y4Qr+zkHLjI2lgp/RqYuBp0i+QJP/wA6AdXhDoS4yEIkXH2z/Sg4/kKQd6dbxOnlizyhkiPywx/1FeZb1PfvbBNb3ALeDhGVvJgMn8s1f/Tl2tt0rql2WaRYmknwvniNWIH5VS3T0Y1DrrX9elj8PftkTPYBlHp9KTyfi2P48bLWsL+LTvCMeAIwOD2qbJ1SrOz5UZPPNV1qup3sKbvdBJb/AMav2+oNC21M4/AfoDXOto3rGpbH3qSe21bTLmMqjh1OVI4NVv7DLxrP2iajYxyusUkJPhk99rDH5ZP50RtNWlMRU2rop43MR/Kg3RHu+g+1+O9u5DHazWrtuIJAZiAP1p2GVOmJzY21o9GyqsgJJG8tz69qwLQfx/pVW+23qbVtCXRYtCu7i2uJ7iQsYY95faq4Ug9xyePOnvpbXP7X06NrkQwakqK1zaI+4wFs4z6ZxnHlWxSXgwuLSsNpap/G35V2jtExnLYFcWk2xO2RwCck8Us9GdU3l7oiT6zcWizSEySW8CkG3G8gIwPPHHJ780cV2dA1py+h1icQxsicjOeaEXF5N71IDO4XkBB9amJcRzRB4nDI2CGHmKFXsio0zMwABJOaXluJI7ET2r9bSaNpvuNpcyNe3isgGeI0HDH6nIA+9VDZ9KXus20VxFOIn7LuXNd+q7hup/ahMFbNtbgQ59FBJ/nmnWK8tLH+6Q3sAdR/hgjcKyzyyjpGzBgUlbOuidCWGl6ODNKLq6lUNKNo2gj086S9bNpbTyxrbJgZJxxTbPrCRKzT3BRO2Ryfypa1sWWoWrPayFs/vFSD+tLjlldsfLCktGvsg6qm0Tr20soQHs9VkW2lB7jvsYfMH8wTXrnTGVrRXAxuJJ+ZzXguwebSupdPmdvDeC4jlWTHYBxk17ffVBp+iLcxr4qmX4URSxYE5+EDvxzx5V0Ib8HOyKnskF1y2PI0C6w9o3TnRXuMOv3rRT3XKRxxl2C5wWIHYCpxuFcho2Dq3xBh5iqD/wCJH3W71/TB4AmntLffKZCQoDE7V4+hJ+1XRUYuTpF/3g0vrLpySCG5W40vVLN1E0R7ow7jPn580PuoLfQen47C2Er29nCsMYdssVUADJ8zVPf8PntBkF//AGFrLrFa7dto7NlUckYQHyU+Q9fTNP2sdRxX17q9jEVlZLgxxMkZKtgAkH9eeAfLtVuEttIJx6Pq2NdlMs2norR7kdOxOP5Ud05vgXPp2pU0iX+4w47bRTDZSf4XOKGL0A0APalqFzFoslnDaymOdRunH4Qd4AQeZY9/oPnQK70ScRx315A1mzRK80QG8Ix7gEfPNWfIqvIFcAgDOCM+dU97a/aFDoOpW+lWhaScbJLzafwxZzsx5sRz8uKjjeyJ0bPuvriG3t0IjB2qh7k+po2i3mm6XPAzvGxfsG4AzQiwnSWKC9sW8SOVFkRl81IyCKka7qXuHTs97KGAiKs4YZOM1UVukWzly+XkO5+wJ5owke2C3KkZUY/WlLpLWV6gs2utnhiOQxlMg4PkfuDTdDMggAPcGjcXF9WDZtcIyJcTRxNKYo2fYoyWIUkAfOgPsu67tuptHgtry4iTWohtliI2mTH7y+vHceXNM9tqMcM8bJtLDnk8cVQPVHTHUOt9aa3rvR2mPNZrdBg9kVQh9o3FVznO7JyO+aL2202idkmekgeK+4pU9n2u3ms6Gg1i0uLPVoAEuIp4mjLHycAjkH5eeaZxSHFphppnQVIit4bhNs43AZ48ueKioOam2w4FXHTI1ZItbaCwgmZC2wnex7ntj+lAOtiEtrkhC7CJNuDgg7jz9qaYAGQhhkUt9XYxcPIBsjCbgfQ7qOW0VDyVvpF9frPO0hZIkbCnPcfnTXpWuXN7cw2ZGVdwCfPGaVrmcSy7Yxhc9hTL0Va41JZpEIwhCZ9ayptSGOqGB+xpQ0z9nqmrwnynDgfUU30pSDweqb8Ef4kEbA/cinT8FQB/Umnye7S3Vq9wzqRiCMArknDNjGc4JolcNZ6nAbJlRrm3iBIdcmMsvBHz+lSoZArAOwBbtk8mstdWygN48QznB3DnFRZGkX1sF9P5kheYOdhYqEx+Hncf1NHdLYDVP+aM/wBDUKORWJVXU4GRg9xmpNiwGowH1yP0pd3K2XVKhiBrORXIHNZp4kl2cLTy4Q4x3OO1EZtPWRtwcqcenc0qatfX9rGptJSkXntHn86hQ9T6jbYM+bhSOzNtx+lUmvsJRYzTxNBJsfv6jzrTcaF6RczXiz3U0zukr5RH7xj0ogHqWC1QE9o2n32qez/XrXTFJuZbVwmDgkjkr88jj70vaHCdK0WCxtJH22EKwDPeTC8tn5nNWBbziMSK43JIpUj0qsfaFqN9o0kE9rZtLZpk3Mkf4kbPHA8sefb1qNOtFryLmm9ZTyagAdT8ay2kNZ3irMhHbBfbuGOe+asfp7X9JfTUiW2srd2LM0VswABJzngDk9zVYWvRVvrMp1bTpfCjucSKm0pwR2NTepOk7uGyRtKkVrhRzG4OCPUH1oFlnFUN6Qewp7QX6f6r1TTdKuJ7yGTTJPG8NYiyOGIyCc/ID71YHT0RiinkDfBwF549c1RehRa49/I96pEYVkZmUBnHZVGeTz+VXJ0TBc23TcaXXHxYAJywxwc/ejeaU0ovwipYlDYYLEafPgZOJOPvmlvWroS6BubtHcbCfqG/1FMYP93nA7neB91pK6j2p05qiKxVYriN/p8WP607i+UA6oK+ze7W66enhZQRHKY3B5DcYI+4pU0np86Ze6xp6Qq0XvAMLMR8UO3A/LgGpfsjvN82sWxyMeHOB5c7gf6UY6gmsrfWxE97HHfXEZdYh+IIo7n5E/1qcrGnlcWMxTai6EDVvZtqs94J9NVghJIU3eNue45PIone+z/UY9JhW2kikvgMuPEA/LPHFN1jdW8OGmvkU/wunP2OKxcara+8ZNxGyADk9v5Ur+JAFc2f0itrTo7X7e4C3ss7Rls7WnUr9gPKpF5Yadba/pCa1c29rb/imkkY/EA42x5HmTn9acLm9tpmPg3DO5OcDkD9KS9Z6gg07rRbW7soL6J7NSBKoJjLblLLngMB2JBpUuPGLTNXGyZeRJwgt0TPbFqF9031FBrG5mtpbZ/CjZdpUjhsg/5ipyKq3pHrDUtPTUDFezwS3ULGWaM/GWB3Kc4z3yP/AFUy9Yarb3fTeq2WsTavfXTPGthe3Rj2wqCC3AbueQceQHFVHo07xXJJf4icA+XyrQoRi7TsySU4NxyKmelh7QrXXegLO60i4ma6MkdrciRP2iOFBYkdjnvnzBPnRTVNWeS2sHt4Mt4f7Vywww4DA4HORmvO+q6ulhprWuhSCK0lYXbxKMGOVlAZN3cgY49M0yezPqGbW+oNG0C5HjW8kpWFx+KNiCeefiAOcefND0bkpI0Ys8IQ6yR6P6TZxoFuJANgGEOeWXuCfQ81B6oYtpmpogJLRtgDknioekaDq8WmTo+rzwtMF8NMBvdgM5Vf5+dNnSOjNoWlB9Svp9UvZW3Ga4KkqPILwMCs3qPJjhTnJ6MeJ0keYOj9HvG1XU3WJoA7Da8oIBbk/XtU2/tNcjvhCdPtiQcs6BiSPIhsYIq1dStove7kzRnHj78K2CuS3p9f1orpQglP7KxiCgZ3yEt/M1i4U/5sfcRujyVGG/JVWq6NfpaW7WoDSuASmMkGuekdI9R3AMl4SiDPwmAAn6AeVXtbtIYwqsqEcfAgx/KhuoSXQb45HKHsRkV0VxNeRb536R5t660qa0uLcyRMpEhU5HJBH+1Xjf8AUF+nS/RF9pNlJeahDcSx+6KSu4iLaeR2GDnPpSV7QNOBvLT3iSJBczIFaQ4VOWySfLjmjenR3j67DFb6pZvo1j+12WtwD4z8ABhnIU47Z5wKLDP2pb+iskfdj2HDWdV1LT9Y0i20+Sxls97G+kkkClQxJwik5yCT9q8+e3PXry6651aBnUxIY44mXsUCKQf1NWLfCWG9a7N8SsruyoIQ5X4sHPxd+POlL2h9GLqF5omo6eSZNVnFoysMAPnGT3xwCePSqx5ozlSZIwlDYk9O3nhkHuxXHPrjirP9k+s32o9bqt5cPKj277hId2dgBXv5jyo1b+xTR7ONfF6iujcFMEpbLsz6gZyRU7pH2b6j0x1Tb6klxFqGlNBKnjopRkYjgMh7Z9QSK7GDNjXHnBvbMvJueSLXhFkWsxcEj8JNHbFsCLJpd0sM8QCqSQewpitYHRY2cquCMqW57+lclBGeseoYOm9C1LVbhlVLSLcc88ngcefJHFeF+pupJ9V1i8v5WLTTyM7PJ35PpXs72p9LXHWehf2Pb3nuMcjo0823cCgYEjHmeBjt+VJFz0V0X0DYW72mkR3+rIfgubw+K+7+LB+EfYVpx4mxcpJC17I9SmtugdKW9jlVy8u0uhX4N5xjPlz9KsC+hiv7Ga3lAaG4jMbZHdWGP61W/VGoXmqE3AnmhnHZ425X5fT5Vv031TfafpUdtqMM1+6M2LjcFJXOQD9KZLiyXyiVHKqpi77J9Vi6f13V9L1S4jt4j3eRwoEkbbe59Qf0pu1/2j6Xp8kkNnObyVexg5Qn03dvyzVb9QaRDrvV11c75IFupA5iAGQSBnn61YnS3s60q1ZJby1WVwRgSktn+ldF4Mcn7uT/ANCPca+MQRoep9Udf6nFYWQ9zsJTtneEYAXzy3c/QV6I6U0Kz6c0iKxtBg93kbG+RvU1vo3uFhaRwWwghjVQAqAKP0rOssJ7cCKReAfn5HH05xSM2Tv8Iqokit2w3hXOGXIHrzXF7G2Zj8GD8jSo17c2d/u8RkjLoFAOQwwM9/Wmezn94j8cdnAI+VZZ4q8jVOvBpJpaDmJyMeRrEUTRnDDBre6vDDHJjIYDIJ5ofY6tK8bh8SNwQSMcGl+w5bQayV5CxeKJFaZgq7gASfOgvUOSt+CU2GNAd/bzqbfTRyW8au+wMwy23Iz6VWPtH1aaLU7zTri4YW0hXMhIG0cEflR4uK8r6sqWVRVomw6cMb1a1HPkwohpWoQWF7F4zqNuQaS7Hp2d0DWuoEo3csRn8h3o5YaVZW04N7ePOV5Klhgmp/AjGXkr+Ra8DlSvra+H1Jbv2Elsy/kw/wBaZgeaAdUJi802Xz3PHn5Fc/0rDPwaYeQfrkUhFrNCHJiYZVRnIyP96ivp0pRUWLKoBuJXBOGxn64FT7y7e0tjIAXK9h6+lDX6oMa3GI1YIiOpBOMHGc/nSYrstDll66NtHsZYrwSyQkFYyhfywSWx+ZFH7I/3qI/5qCXWtTK/gxIhdn2HA7fDn1+1F7WTbcx5HO8VddXsGUu2xjXtWa1Xgmtq0CDSVFkjZHAKsMGhx0hpowqRyt5bt2BUfqqX3e0im3lcPtPPqP8AauGi6sk4EJlOCMituHhe7j72Z58npLqwzYWRsIzE2Qx+IipWcChpuwrswKnAxz3xUnT7yG6glbJDx8lRzx60E+FOPjZa5MX5OqlniEo+FDwC3GDUW80+5df2ygjGOPiyKE6r1QLPwbO8aC0hmfCTyElVc9kbH4SfIng9q10zUpLwsql9ycMOcLz50UsEoraCWRS8BI2vhwhQqqV8sYpbbUILq7vIIbiF3tpPDlVWDFG9DjsflRnVtSh06wuby6cLDbxtK5Pooz/tVZeyHTJ7/TrjU5AVvNZunuW3dggJx9uWpSwJxcmNjLdBjpzoDUrjqZtal1y49xEjeHb4AUj0I8/rxVoMiW8UcEYwqiu9lCLW0igU5Eahc+vzqLcvmVhkccVlpDHKz6EZMg/zfzWl7qbS1PT+qY7ugcgHuQwNGkfDuB/lNVn157Q47K41HR/dZIysnuzzySbVYFclkwCcgkDmjxZVB7LjhnldRNentVsulI9QvmmNwJrbKxMNpaVX+FR8iGJz6A1WGu6rf3epnWPGDakkvjhj2OP3f+XHGPSvr66PjSRPcNKVbPxE8Z+tQJHBU+YpfLz+5l7Q8Hr/AEv0uGLA++3IsnpXruHWrIGORTKmFkt5SCUPy+Xoaly3qDe7eGc8nntXmzVJ7rRNSeaylaIvwSPP0qNJ1VrTgqb+TafIAVpjNzjZ5PkYI4MsoNeC6usuv49Es3S2lSa8Zf2cY4UH1I8xVc9JXc95cTXl5NJNPK5y7nJJzSNNLJNI0ksjO7clmOSacuiSFtUB4G/9KTyPwOj6HT5SLRNjbarpElpqK74nHkfiU+RHzpP6k0S30bV2kNtCNOZ0mDcGUpkBlA7ZH+9Gzqgt03FsD5Vrb2p6vjlt7uQQ20eTHIFDOH+Wfl3rJiyOH+j03qfp2PlQuK+aFDozpTVOueoZ7PRvAQxp40zzvtVELAeQ5PPYCrZ9mPQ56b6ytIRDFc6pYXM7SSkEKFUDZgn1Dd8U++yHpTprQUuho889xfSoBK1wNsmzOQMDjAPmPXmna38OPVw/h5XeVyWJxxg9+1bYzvZ4aeOeFuE1TCyRqQAQMmvtXaGOONdwO5goXuCTxXWwjhkUSCMAgHj1oFcK2p3rW6lreOJhK7nuu05wK8569KeTrx4K3L/4IQIvNOT3qcSeGqyRHO1e2Dx+VKou7u3m8BLhIowcbkQEA/Xmmrr2eOTSLs28gU7GVivABPzrzf0j1De6ffXsTM0sBk/A5/eHcg+R7Z9af6RxZcGLUpXY5YXNaLqkubgpsN3M6+bK5+KucM3hnli2PNyWP60pp1XCY+UcN81zQvUOo7m4V0tgYkPBkbv9vSuw+TFfYEeJOTpobptf0yXqWw07UdMtL+BnJE0yeIY5PRV8+COKs9el9Hk0S4k0eK2srpsKZ4YFAYg/hZR3HJHqKoTo/Rptf1e3s0cpskW4Mn8AU8/mCR969D6JpoNutoR/d4MACNsKvyLDufkKzLI5tsfOCxqkystT6K1yOVnjtVuIyS26Bt36HB/SuypcJ0qCto0tzbSMyxMNrAg5yM9iAT/0ata6/YXEUMCSWsbfvoVbP1B5AorJbQT26tdQq3AySv61WHAoy7Ik8zlHqzz6mvWdvAL24n8S0ZRIpD4DDyyfIUT6N9qjdV629haWL+6QDfPd+JsiRPLCYyxJGMZGeaof2s6fJpPVup6am5bE3DXMEYY7FDE5AHbg5oj7E9VjstW1Cxkba90iOn+YpnKj54Ofsa3RTqzOz07Z6l7xfR2liwtbRTumdeTjPAB9SeKI6sYZNRjeSQgxNlCD+IYqvunHlvtXhjjlKRxbpMEZ3N2Xj5DOKYEk36oxkbjlzk9seX6Vp4+Pv8mIySrQ0SakVjVG3gvGZC48ucY+uKS+orV9ZaTBO9R4n18gP50euLiCWy8SdAP3tzMcY8uKHabc2p8VIXQsMFgvP8q3VQryV6bZ/wBpC8TbgSCMdq2TT5bWBFkiZd3IJGKsJSpndgnyyV710uIkkKxyxK5QgqW8qlglU2nT0d51Pbm4O2RWUmP8Jx65qy7e2e0k2o5eNTja/JxShqu2066EjGQvGA25VC/DjkZp108teJ4q+Jubna5BPP0ps3pFRQctvd7hAImEU38Dng/Q1vcCWDaH+Fu/BoG6PKzqHMLKcKccn511ju7lEMWpqMYwk6EkfcdxSVGwrolXZW45eZlZF4/hrGja7NZuUG2W3Lfhz2+lBNXujGVRWOzuTjvS9Nrp064yvMTZDZ/dPkfpT1iU40L77Lf1O7R7B7iPts4zQeyfa5ORjZVd6N1JM920FxcO0Mw27WPAb5U92ZAhALd1wKTGPVDGwmt94YZHAMbdhVbe1O2gvbtUMhIeMAkfusCR/pTTqc7LAGjfaoGAR60m64JNWuWgtkJuYYfE57SHJ+HPkcDitGKCXyFykJ/T+pXWnXY0zUmKrn9jITwfvTkkp4bOaVZI4b608G7BUK3wSYw0bUd0mRhaLFcEPKnG4dmHrS8sV5QcHfkt0LQ3qCDxbWFwOY5Q32wQf50TBzUXUhmzlHoM15+Xg3xFrVrdbvTpICSC4xuHlg96FtoFpLBsl8XBhWLCtjABB4P2FHFZShHpWqLle9ZYSa0h1ENLOIKniBpGQKN7Hk4HBPzojagtOj+jLUdhjI+dd7X4R38xRW29lPwM6966KpY4UZJrVO2TWusXp0ew8Yxl3fOMDgD1PpW/DjeR6M05qCIet2sM48C6CSRjkqfWgtyojRY7WOGNF7KoxiuH9oe9guz4kzk1ylZmbcM4yPOuvjj0XVGCb7O2C+n9YmuhcJNErMnwsRxzmm3QordJfGjZlypVoz25FIPSDYfUBg7vHOacIbhYVVj+LIAps9uhbM6rY22o+KtxErxuTEVYAhh6EUFk6dt9DuzeWssgliTZH4jvIADxgAn9alw35GrpESPCeV8rnnIbj+tT9d3PbyhuSTRybXx+i4/tFSe0fqC7vtPn0edxHBOQWeJfiZQc45PAyKkdK6zcvCfcwyGBVSCMDAXAwB9OKn3/AE411rUEx4Vh6Z8/0ox1BZJ0/aRzRDeVZQAB55+VSoRVUMU5PRY/T+rRatpkciki4K9vIsOCPrmvpbeYAyAAqT5EZH2oT0npKadFP/aEskc0z74Y48FVBA5P38q56pPcC7a/3fsQuWOfwkcYri54xlk6w+2bcdqNsKIGG/cCCcYz9apTWdSt7rqXUblVSXbO2x2GSozjj07VcE2oubO8v5REtqkJliCqVYBVJbdk+o4PHFeaVmME5ZX3I/DjOcE/yrnZ4OEnE9T/AI5GMnLIyR1PoWtavBLrOn2Mk9pE2x3iwX4/yjkgetSNa6J1Lpyz019Qv7V5rpC0luoO6AjBwT2Pf86aPZjcSpdTzNI4t7UiTYGxvZuMfTjJ+lM/WPSlj1nc21w2rz2uoOgKKUDQ7OSQQOd3zpKf0zbm5ksPKqT+JQXUHT3vsR8OTMg7Zqury2ls7h4Z1Kup86u/XtKutB1GWyvxjaf2cuCElX+JSe4pN6l0g6lDI1vGWuIhldo7j0p+HK4vq/APqnp0OVj/AJGHz/yItlA1zcRxD948/Sre0TQ7H3eN33wyBRyhwCPmKr3pG2AmaeVexwB/OvSnQvSNn/ZMeq6/tcTQ+JBbZIK+YZsd8jyqcidukI9KWLg8d8jMtvwZ0Lonpm66OttWvYJbie0leSULIR4yAkbWUcYHB4wePnSCyRW+taj/AGbF7pZNPuhiDE7AO458qt+71i3hmTwYlWAph40UKjeR4HHYiqg6nKWms3sMJ+BGyh/iVviX9CKy2a/S87zZ5yk/9BTRuppdM6ksrqNyvhyAuM8FCcMD9q9AxwPv3OVJBJ4ryzbqYQSib3PLSsOfsPL5V6M6P6gXUemLK4khu5JtgjkMcDMCw4JB+1aMEq0zN/kOD8cq/wBMc9NZYIGkmYBEyc+lDb3W9+9GtxbxudomkdRv9BWnUF0LLS5YmQ75IWkAPnjORj8qpPTnv+p+o/F1q+uJbWxtWlQLgCJj8IKqMDIyT9hV55rto85jw2rZbVxY24Fw8UaBJgTIp5Vie5rz/wBQdHz6NqU6gL4cjNLHjnIJq3dI0fVms1e26omZWUFC1pGykHtnIzXLU9L1hYliv7Wy1m0Y8m3X3eVGP7wBJH5Y+lIexsH1ZUFpaO2AV++KJ2miy39zHbW6M8rHCqBTvedO2lvayzx3SwmIZkt7sbJV+WPP5EcGlq36l1SxupIOmdMWe8YYM7RmQqPkB2pXV2aPc1otLo3pXTen7Qx39wpmlAabHBc+S8fuimq+1ALpTGyk9zt422lxHjauPIHFVt0JrfXxuJz1AlnBYRrvfxrUxu4z2Qrj9QaYdcvX1SG+tIi3iTL+yY9iwGQCfmOK0JqK0ZFFyl8hh0LRbKaaG+luJ7qZ18RDN357Njy+VM0dlCsjSMXdicjcx+H5AeVL3Tt2kukWKOzR3cNuokjbhlxwc/Kglzrd71TfSado8zW+koSlzfp3fHdYz6eW7z8qbGSiJlBsq/8A4rNDgurTT9b0+3AWKYwT3SD4GZuAp/8Ab37Z4715p3SW84eOVklQghkJBUjzBr3h1lrfTmi6GmiXtmL2K4h8BLBFDb0PHPoPPPfzrxv7UOnbXp/qmSDTrqKW0liWZAsol8PdnKFxwxGO9aMU03Qtpluf8OuqX2rTXsupXD3BtyAsj/i5GcZHfsasK3uYridvDct452qwHkMk/Sqq/wCG+QCw1spkMk0WWzwcqf8AQ09ae0dncTITjwpH2jPYZBrr4IpYjDkbc6Gy9uFitZN4G0ccjsfKoWmXAy9wiOeQhU4B4/3NdLe/jlUsyvs25JPFQ7W8t1WBTJGNpLEg/U8/nVloYbfazdvPPNZuxJt8RF+LPIJxiuNhKkmGRgVPYiiEzKsLFj8OOcUNkZV0O666knfw42k8QqgC5JUd+5p9snlWMsoKvnlfDwfyBpD6dtVn6gkbe8ysznczHsT8qb2W6a1SXSWjidXIIk9ASCPzFNzNp0VF2gs5W82OkEgYfjVyFJ+nPFQb2SSJGWa1mwCAsm9SCM9+/l5isSC/uIVcTxxyBecNjJ9e1DbqLVXuENxdx+7bhuTO449M45pStENtbDJCURlMbcg47fLNJOrqwRhJxkd8cU5zt4kTxycfwHyJpO1f4sjfw2eM9j8q0Y50wXEWLfUXjn2EkSxHv6jyNW9pWoC9srZlbJ2A/T61Rusq9jfwyMSEkBXPkad+ldVa2VznMZGT8j606UU9oBt+C0NQj8azUQjtgAeppMuXn0O/FxI2+W9beyEY8NRgKM+vf86XtY6wm1KVdI0syxCRwGmB5PPIHoKJ9X3KyXCJHuPhLtGftUhFqNMoJalFp11BLeuxhl2EsvlIcfzpQ0a6mtNsczFlB4LfyrveXont7eCM4LndIvpt/wBTX0kQeMgemQfnWeTatD4r7L3HNaTqXgkUdypArYcVmuAzoeAHFps0gLNiPj96pcGmKq4lcn/l4oj3r6gUIpluTI8dlboQRGCR5nmpMcSIMKqgfIV8O4rcd6YkkLtm4woBJwMiu99MLlhHt3IFIwRkGhOr3IhjROfxBmI7gV82sxJEk0B3J+Fs/u10uNjah2MuWVyoXte0N7N2u9OVvDHLxenzHy+VQYLoSRqdpI+VMk2uRuxJjGDweaAajc2e8zW6lAT8S/P1FbFL9iGhY6Vuh7/q0YH4bhuPPvRnUJleWKNzxgtjOM0pdLzf996y4HwtcNj86m65Md0V5G2Yo5TCw9CQD/rWjFFTnsVk0hhtbNEmuHhjCiNy68c575z+dFtamJRcfhkGeKF2eoMtoVK7rm+cQW/HAbB5P05P2qfITK1pHKANoXd5+X+1TL+QOP8AEmeCsVlAzr+0yCK5t4NxqtkLuNJ1Vy+yQAjODg4+tYv7wFiqAMY0L4+Y7VFaRGurNpZnVeE2BMMWPf6AUmUXKLSDjLrJWG774xy4ABypU4K/KuQvLa5D2M8fitMAp8Mc8EHP6UFmmt3mlQ3nh7GIw3n9DX2h3trBrEHgsZC7bTI3A+lcKEJLItHVlJSgxv1bSYdU067gZzDDPbtAxA7AgjOPvXlnUdNawvLmyulCz28hicL6g4yPl5163l1K29zUoVXIHf8AdNUX7XtHtotXi1azUmO7TbNIOxkHYn6j+VaeZjc4dq8HV/xzl+3meF+Jf8i/0XqFt7ncWM0ypPLIGUZ5bC4bHzHf70yi5eK48WNyFAwgB7DGB+QzVPa6iSx7EYq6nIdeCD6/WgrdRdTaf+zjupJ4x+FnUOfz71yVi7fZ0vVMUo5XkirRbPtT1iWTpnT0YRSvaXACMfNWDZH/AOv5Ul6JrMbEKYWJY5OzuDS1Yajq2szSNqss0qKm1QVwAfLAH86wjyWc+9AySL8qtw6qr2bPTJyx4VKtfoc47G2tJ2aNVMEzFuVwQT3BqwdO6ljbTUgEisyKo/F+EAYxj7VWWnamuoWhjU5m7spIDA+oHmKB6jC8l87BnUL8LMAR9qWlfk1+o4IZ8C9teC29U6ssbFXeWeNEIyUJyc/Id6Ub/URrs6XUa4ztG3s2wDjPz/1pMhtIlbecu3qxzRXTbg29whH4c4I+VRxS8Gb07jPBLvMN3TPDHmQAp8zgf9fWrj9h2p2b2cpnyZ4Zvhy5CorAZbGcNyQM+WarK3O5dojZvpgVv01Z391rj2GlgpHKN2NpCBu2WK8p5fFjHbNVF0zX6xiU+O78F+arcRyax/Z18zSRbPeIZhywQnBU+vPH0IqFfaFbvpk8XTa21jeTDEc5Q5Vc8nPfPp5UDFy9sbVOoJFi1FLf49sgYYzx275xmu1vrEcEeY3ONu2P5/X0q3JeWeR6UtES00jrnT5se86ZqkHpM/ht/wC4AH+dfar1O3TsBm1zpa/gbt49q6XEZ/8AWSMfcU29Mam2o3M8JbIhjQ58hkkUcvrOOS3YNtdWG1lZchh6EUSSaszydOmKGi630z1mLfw45U1KAFo7e6ASR0I528kMPPGe4p10LRLHTYPDsYUijY7ztGCxPrSrrWg2kiQPFBHbXEMglgniQKY3HYjHcHsRTZb36e5RNwCVGcUaa+wH/Ql9faqLTVntiQiCMcHgMpHf86Tx1IICyR5lXGOeMfenXr7TY9e0uRrVYl1KJf2Mj9j/AJWx5VR9to98LgnWJ1OD/gw5C/cnk0ibpmnHJdS3dG1ZepLOaxnmMCy4QCE7c7fU+Y8sfKmSa0uLDR3TRoFlS3XBjjBDcD0IHNVj0xvOq28cHBJ5wPKrcuNTEdk6/GjkKgZuA648vXzqY32E5POhZfp65ttOv9c1OQPrEsRZIkG7wh5DOeOB3ob1P7P+nvaHb2F7rCyWV9axeHLJassTAnkhwRjGc4PzPNN8NzZSo8moquAuDNu2nb2wT5j5GlWeXTr2S50K3mF7F4JmVO/vEOfjiyOQR3FMlmWGr+xSg5Cv09puldF6A9npO55zdyJcTO4YylThGOCQMqRwMUNuL5E1pnl3MkzAhc+owRn6r+tE4umrPStPm8KVwdQmdQhI4C8xH1zjPekjUJ5Ht2Xwybm2JOzsT6gfMEAivTcP54jm5fjPZaVs6MiMYkTb2UjJH50SEyeHGZCFBwPuf96WNKvkvLW3mjYGOaNZB68ijEjB/AXGY2ba4+WDg/nioylYYtpkEhLMo+9SbtlaxlcndH4ZOPI8UKtJ0E75X4sjaScevc+nau/UtwYem5vCK7ztTj0JqRVySKekCukLYoZp1PwFgqgjt680egUpHO0bblZyxXPY0I6ckk/sWHwygk5b4hx3NdJxdhE8K4HxnDKIwPh8/X/o1eV3JlwWiRfXUcJRd6K7A8E4JxQ6a5fC/HlSfStL22NyEljncqpPwlEO3uCB51wwwjCSHLD94LgUIVHae4EMBORjPalTW4T7yXQZD/Fx2HrRq7k3QMG5IFCZiZLb4jyv8qKJTErqy3aW1jKjDhuKxaSma5gtIZdsIUGQj95vT6UY1WMPCwJ7c1C0K0jlkdRlW/iHetWN6FSO62bRakWgwvglSG+RzyaLzSrd+HLIQNwyST2PP+9NWqdG6pa9J+9Ja+9tLEHDwJl4xjI3L38/LNVTY3F/cK9tcJsVWO7cCNpz/I4qQyxl4ZHBoN6REbi9uJ1zsB2r86Mqu1CPMd610e3ijt1jjfxCOSwxyaJRxLuOBn5VmySuTHQRbuayK1WuqDiuGbEz4AYz51kAHyrsiDGa6LGKlEsihfQVuqn0qUI1HpW21RUooG31i1yFeJgsqAgZ7MPQ0q31s9tLIMGMSDayHsG8j9KfMAdu9RtQhtJrZzeAbFUsSDyBWnDyHj+L8CsmJS2ir5mlUkMSOOKHyyPvCsePSm3XNJhh06K9s7kSwTAFVyG4IyD+VJ1/dLGCoQmRhhFHma6GOSmrRml8XTF/p2UQx3szfjlmc/rXfUpw1tFGhOJbhOPU/wD1XG0gSztcz5JBJJ8s1GFwb26t2T4I4phj54rfhi4vsZ5tPQa/tQ2es6E8xbwUuxuB/dGCKd7yaG2uTK2912jA3mq51YCW+GRtIYEYPY57imS7eb3WDdNuZUAJK8nFBNdnZEqQcsi8sU8rAFmUDb6/9CtkiF3LIZZNskZ+HuAMNkYx37DI+1StLQiztxkFmwWIHB9aXL3V3s+pGgMWYtgddvlnJJNSP9AsF61c6jY3b28luo2n4X8mB8x61y0O6ke8hW5flnAAUf8AWKN6jtv40LtuC5258qgRG2sVJjQ+Pn8efL0oFHGt1sb2l4se7aKXVsxwuu6LCvvIGfnigXtXsoNO6PYSyvLcSSIiMe2dwJwPpmgi69fWwWW3YKyuNqgfiPzoX7YuomvNItVkUh1lzx2HwmkZ0+kn9G/01f8AcwV/ZTtzLmZ1Y9jkH1FcGYAd65MxZju9c183HOa840e+7XthLSZliDsw/EcZon4sZOSqnPGSKVrSXfNIPFCrnHI4o5Dp908QdHRkPYjNKlo38fJ2jUUbT2VvJJ4kYMMoOVdOCKyt5usbq3uwpl53MBjJ8mrp/Zt+vYJ9zUCaB7m4eG4YRsqnLAZqkHJdVaRFRuO/Fbq3Pw1DtSVQxsdxQ4z61JU/KioxxdjRpl+zwfEEYoMsGJGR6jHnVtex63e2tNQ1iGLfNcKLeJgfgC5GWP55+lUFBcNBIHQkY71e/s91S30+1NreRM1nIiMI1baFIGDQNUZfVeS3x/b/AGDevlkXV5xZRqfB+FEY43L6bvLnP50iN1Ulk5juUntZV7o45q0usrNShv4SHg3YZhyAD2J/3pKvXi93kkMMcwjUlQyhgD96XF/TPOKdKkWH7Lr9riwlkijdZpQjMZCAdpzjj/rvT375eQI6zCFo28xKAw+3nVJ9DXd1ZxQXBdvFf4pB5Nk9selWrf3qLCEBXxHAwDzxj9KZGQie3YbluEnttkjYRvh/5T5NQ+1/aNKjSuvhttIA7cdqj2twDGMoWVhhl+dR7S5VJbnc2FDgIvbuo5omxdHfWWhtLGabdIdiknmqgSVnLph2O87W758yM/erN6jYy6VcpznZVVQz+46p+1OIJD+L+EnjP09ftSZ7GQWh79nEcMV1dXeoFUhUCFC57uefyxRrqDVN96lvCySRW5wGU53ff0pZjumW0ECIqfEWZ17t5DNaIxU/KpB1oklY22t4SgVlAB8j51z6phsbSSDU9OleK4tNt3sOWVlIIdQfLgnj5UDs5Q8ijceDmgzXj2tpMHd3ik8UGFzkI5ypK+mQe3bPNByMUsyUYlwajbDvWpS5gXU7CRTEw8XfghS3qvqD8vOq86ocSJbavaDiRQs6DyI86z0tHLcQzw3upGaNhtjt2LL4bHIxjtyecjvyfWuhsLmHSLq0u0OAw25blSDg/SvW+lpwxqzj8rc9BnoyT/ue3W4QiGYs0MvkoLHA/PNM8DuZUjIMkin4STtHy7ils211DbRW+TEiqI0AwQBjj5EfKsG11YkQzTRYYgCQsxU/LPdTWyUE2KUmM+lA3LsriMKWygALDI5/3r7q4GDSVUTYYuOPI1v05DNaabJFeWu1jJvWSMkgHyIPyxWnWL295b2sLXASUtkBhjJ+/wBaXCNTotu0a6PqunwackclyizbeRggZrtBrtiiPcG5hKkYClu4H+pqNH0vaG2UTmXfj4gG4OftUefo2xkhSNXnWJSAUBHI9CccUUljbskWzUa9pot7dbS8iKgBnk5xk8kfM1tJrulshHvaBjzjn/Sh7dHw20+2KWUwfwOB8PyBHb6VrJ0tZ7+XnB8ssB/ShrH+y7Zu2taW4dZblA2MA4PNDYb+B0Cb15471Jk6XsgBuefPl8X+1BrvpyJi3g3DK2cfFzUqH0R2TNQhBt2YfhIxXDoS0bUNSt7WNcmeRYx8ueTUcaRLDD8dypRecc1ZHsG6Yl95k1m6X+7xbktwR+Jz3b7Dj70U8kceNyBjFykkXbDEkMSRrwqKFH0FeVPbxrU+ia1PPaCEO946HxE3DG0f1r1ce1eR/b1d6fBrci6nYSXqteSlAs5i2kAZyQDnvXAc5Rkmmb1FNbKybr7WHYbZ4I/Xw7cD9TmvX3TEem/2HpsUsVut1JaxM4kA3OSoJOccnOa8dpqWhbgkXTMRLEDMl7K3f8q9nx6Lb3Ol2wKqsghRQRyBgcCtOOcpX2AaS8HXJzXVHxXHNZB4rIMJiycVsZvpUHxD2zS17ROrI+kumZ747WupGEFtGf3pW7fYDJP0+dUvNEGuW9YP4cKGSX0BChfmxPAqPLM0QZ7/AFSODHIhtIwxPy3P/QCqem9oHv1tZ2dsJYxDbCWZywzcSna5c/kwxUHU9fuJpIZEmYKyFl9e9MSIWnqvVemBG90S9u3HDbzhU5/ex2H2oPqfVOn6ddXN0kCTEwxfsnXfjJbJAPB7Dn6VXQ1Nbhld0RpSQMkkcj5jtmh91cMJfDVyVb4AD2ADZ/QMatIotWy1+PWunS4t4YJ1ZnMUS7QiEnaMD0wKW751jElw2MRKcD5ml/2c6on9qapazNgyxgID54OT+hoj1BLtiMWQFJyxJ9K6fFXxox5vJE1ByLGGMk7yu5vqeaj6bD4dvaM34mbefzre7YThSgyGA5H0qTcAReEpIAUAd66d9Y0jNRzvVV7gnJGOT9aIwXsV1qEcMO4JEwU/EcNlTnj5Ggb3MbXco3qe47+dSLe/sYdYtWilaQscOFyfi+VJ22FQ/rqDR3UMKKNkPwk9sk8Dn70B6ovUk1u0aOBUiMXu+8HO7zGfvRCVrYW91cOWUzDb8Xkf+hSvrtxDPalDMN/cEeR9akdMnVML277UK9/lntUd0+Il+3p60taNr/vW6G5wtzCcNtOcjyYfI0dS6Qr8bE/OhlEtEm2jWS7h8U4QNng4xilz23TSrpWneMqlJZMLMFAMmBzkjv3rpqvUunWVwsb3KKxUg8E4/Kq66xv01CdJhqb3UceQsbKVWMeoB/WsHJ5UYReP7Z0uBgbzRyPSQIjOF5rldTbYyR38q0e4RR+IVBebxZFJ/wAMH864/U9hPPFRpBHTo9nxPzk5OaaNK1Exlo+4IyB6UswSIVyDUyCYI6kGkzVs38TJ7a0NYuXI5bNC7g4luXdSCwAXPmOa4w3oU4Y1H1G63SAeRA5oFE35MqasGXeY5N6cjzFbxTgr8JBFc5ZCT8K59DQucTxMWiPB5IxToxs4+XM8b7LwG8NKRHHy7/CB8zVvWT7AgB4CDj0qkunb+VNWhNyRhTnnsKtmDVIgcZ2tgZBHIpeWLRyeVyFmaGdZ1lhNvI7rG/D7TyR50F6jmgttJlit1SMvhQEHJPpUKfV1VSQfpihirLeajG9xHIgifhXBU5I74NJUWtmBjjpEPg20MfmFVf6VYck4htjGnwkgZcDLH5UkaWFE0LP+EEE/am6HF9l2lEcAH4c43t5DNRAs7JdrC0bMBsI+If1rhaR+LrF7OCAiiPapbIyR3/Si1nHAFkSSJC6rvDY/Gv8AqKA3GpR2l3dRxqFL7CB8sUTYBK1GRTEy55Peq61a0WRZBjJUkU2y3YkVj3NANQdMlzhf5Gg8hIg6DqBKizuGxPGMLnu6+RFHAcilK6jhnAmVipU/C/Yg/I0a6JS61zWYtJju4fGdWZJJRgHaM4OO5o4478FSaQQklaJWdDgjkUG1K6luC0s7AySEs3AHPnwKe7voHX0fwmjtmR+PFWbgfUYz+lFtC9nlpaSi51V/fZV5EZXEa/b9771oxYqexTmvoriwit7az0+C5Ub9WLEH+FVbCEfPIat9dE0VtfpdhveUGxnB+GTH7w+2Mj1rv7Xbk2/Wibfh8G3i8MDGB3Pao0N2dTwrusniEbiBXpOJ/wCNHKzfk2dumtSfWdG90vFC6jAoJQnBdfUfoaYLCRbpQElxcJwSQPjHzFZudF0/UHjmKiGdF+CaP4WB8u1Q20q/jYS291A8vBG9djZ+opzpsWhj0y8ns1Md1GUiJ4kXlfv6UB9oB8S6sFRsMVY4U4zyPLtW51e/08FNW0szRNwJLZwc/bilnqjVLK6urXBuVVAQYpoiCOfI1McGpWXY/ePJHGoLFiBjHl9a7wThk4bGfKhUFxBLGHD70PIJ4YD6+dYeQAsULNH/ABDnFJaDJtzPgkBiTmoDt3DH4PLPlUWa6CR/tCMeu6uEd0HI8MNIP8o71FFks63JZSV+/FDJQoWU+Y7VPlhuZ32iMKB/Eef0rKaTtA95dpFPfbwPpTFD9gtgOGWynuYrbUbhoLWVgJJEXcyr64q/tBkSwsLaC2iRrBEAjkgORtx3x3qlbrS4HU+7WccUZyGIGN1PfslvGSGfTblmZVYmNSexHcflzSOXh74+0X4GYclOmWJ7zFNqFr4cgYeHI2Af+WvI/wDxAxvedTbYuQtxMT54/DXrWext55Axhw4HDg7WH3FVn1V0F71dS3Fq8e9ySVm7k+uRXEnapm6KR5P07SpZtRtI8KC8yKMA+bAele0r2xv7WRrmxuGCEDKKMgADHIP86q6y6YktdYtlnsyH8VO6Y/eHINXcGIAwcH5U/BlbTBywA1fHtWgasuwWIse9KZDjLKFzXlj22dX/APaDrRYLZy2n6a3gRYPDvu+NvzGPotXh7TOqP+zfS95eKoM5Xw4M9jI3A/Lk/avIsazXd5HHEDJPK4CjzZiaLHEjZYfSkhkuUVm5TMefkMgfowpiuJP7jbOM4jfZ9jSJoU5iulGSGKg5+Yyp/ktOW8SaFMB3Qhh+dGUaiRluPDzwx5+lZ1WXw5InHKmQfbI/2rEmGYEA4OK4a4CNNlYfiQBx9jUXkgvPf3FjNPdWjbbmF0lQ/MEf0yPvVjxRW3V1lFe29wY0uIgdmOR6j6g5FVZrLhU1BgCA0Kkfcio3Q/Vt509OIVTx7QtuMecMpPmp/p2NbOPl9t0Jyw7Ky1106WX3GxScxmBOW7bgpx/IVxutIuJGSaS6U+GDgDNE47yJ9Ss72QPbLInxpJxtJ55+YNc7h1MrRpIHTJ5B7113daMKZB0bQFLzSSSsxkctwMd6PW+lWVjPA5Q8OOTzUqFoILaNgQnAzz51zv8AULWWPww6GTvndwvzpcW3Kgn4C+rvHdIUhGIydwFLEukRS7mdmH3qTDqsUaKAXk2jbwveoN3Le3e5beJoUbglu9G4tfZURN6msYIZmltZZEkT/wAQPjI9KBR393OJFiluHOMcueR9KbNT0G4ljZrhgyDyXtS+1q1o6yKDtQ8/MVnyLsqs0QpbATb9xJyWPcnvW0EJmZlc7UCkk026V0/Za3qqC81e10i1Kl5p7gEjjHCgd2Oe3yov1f030npHSt7PpXVM97eKFWGB7BollJYA/ET6En7Vw54XCTUjpQyKVJFSlN7nGealRRAEAdhWtqoJP5VOjUYpEn+j0XGxJ7MxQqF7VKhhLEFVzXJBxUqCQpx5UltnWxRSdBi20+GdQ5jA4wfIZqGFt49S2ogKouMHnmiUd0sVoFTnHH1NAIUeXUncnuTmgWzblko9UkSdWCmP4FAHHagkkYYGj1+AY2wc0KYUUHRk5ME2CcGJ3YAFtpXBGe4Ir2H0LpWnaqiR6vYWt7v0+2lUzxBmUjcDz38xXkO8XDHAyTXrP2San75caFcZP960c7hjHxKyf6mtWPa2eT9Sx9JWh407pbpzRWa5s9Hs4XjBcyGPcygZJILZxXnDqTV7jUdVvdWmYFrq5VhxwilgFH2GBXo/2jagbHofWpwcE25iXnHLnaP/ANq842tt4+mxs3+E17EGHqF3MB+eKTnf0ZMC02OXTdgL6UJMWEUa5cjgknsKapNLsbK3cxAiUj8cjsQg+Q9aiaBCLHTtzj9rId7evyFbXs0kmAAzOeyg4+5PpWdJUG2SXu3i2JukULyrgcH71H0lIp9TvnliSTAQb2APGDW9s0DWyrfGEx5+HDHcD6EVxsXWLVNRRBhAYyPLjbVFfQUujDHA37NBkEDCj0pJ652vpEZjQAQuu8rwQrEA01XbhotpOaWtdUmynRgCrKR9amiKxb1C0jiBhVcoh2jPp5VK6IgMHV2jvANrrcpj88fyqbqkcEllZXUH/jw7mHoa59Hhj1NpW04PvKc/en4fIE9pnoS5ctLznj1FYwDxnP2rm5flycn61hJGLDgfU1qMxSHty09YerrG5Urtu7YKw+aMR/Ij8qB6XpnuVy2JEWSPhoyf8RT+F09fn6GuXtG6nGs9QPcXbbLOJjFCxHwqAx/InvXS31fSdSgtlMi/2hES0OAefUg/TuK7vETjCmYsu2Ndhd/CyPglCB88eVTvFEj7uRtOBS3ADuVwxGfhxROKTC4z+dRgoYIZFSMs21s8YzST19KJb6xU5Mew/i/5qPwzkxnA5+dLHV8ZkvbEkjccgn05osX5F0NC6FpE4BeyiY7ecZH8q0Tp7TlWR7eMwSKMghiR9cGtlu0tlRST8WPsKnZBXKngihbdkA1rFbI7b4YfEU4JKBj9eaII0TqA8p2jnaBgULuv2Fx4g7Z2sPUVmYHGUHB7VHJ0RJBbNrGdwfkevP2rjLco2ecKPlQwhjyck/OsPIAMH07Ch7F0EHmD4HdRXTS7t7DXUliJG7a49Mihtq5ZjycelS3yzJIvDoc07HUk4sXPW0XnDMk1sksRwroGBx6ig1wjMw3CT7cVnoy7E+hqpJJiYrz6HkVNk2FzkrXByw6TcToQl2imDY4ImwsqEqOee4+dbs4DFTkfP1oPqWrxWTpbT3sMc985W3jkkAZ0XglAB3+uc1D6N8cadd++TtPGbqTwHZgcpnn7bs4qoySCqyQWwKET34maVOyqcDnHbzrHUOoCxspHDBSB3PAHzqv9W6ttrO4eGCZZx4ahGXnfkdwe2M5oAqK2/wCIHqCS71+30mN/7taxiVgDwZH/ANFx+dLHsfhin9omje8RrJCs2WDDgHBCn88UY6/6evNf1STVNJV7qUxqLhBgHcBgbfU47gVr7IdPZbnU7iaNkmt3iCbhghlJLD68imKkga2SvaXpEXS/Wc0Fuuy3MguIl/hilGcfZlI+ld7Yr/ZsgZsZfaoop7YdFgL6bq9vHJiVWglVpCyqcbl2g9hy1J/Td0buxtldsmPcrZ9R/tiiTKYbjkbwVAwcAZrpM3j2suTwVI/Sudvb3J4W3nYk8ARNz+ldLe1uIUkSeJ4ypx+1AjAB7ZLYAqNFCZfx+Kt8mf8A+pG3PqDz/Kunsp0Yan1MJnXdb2g8QgjILZwo/Pn7VIyn9tXcRaOQeEFJR1de5OMgkVZPsw0FdJ6aE5U+LeyyzjPcRglU/kT961cWHeYrNLrEJ3GnteXccSxlkQHy7gdyazpfTwnhmuvD5WRSsZH4h5im7SEVdNkIAzg81rpSyWksiA4CHKiuq8jqkYEhf1DR7f4DEnhyN8O3vzUDUOn7S3KBY3aYHLk/hx6AU46i0AmEyRkzRru5bI/KoSz+8WrtMqlj6UMZOKsut0ALSAbcKOD2+VH4NJmlCEFQXGSp4NEOmbOExySSRg7exIzitveEF3I7gld2MjyrPexpB1TRlSyYBRuUfEarzWNPRY2CjmrmljEsA2tvVl7+tVNr25HeMDjJq0w4iheWAuLC6tX81IH1xVX2kbC+MR+FlypzVv8APjYY8kE1Xev2vuvUbOowJPjrJylas1cZ/wDUVnbSbbxZFiJK5GSQM0ZOmNgeFIG47Hg0M0tzHcBh5DNMCSDapB7VxMjaZ9A4WGDx7BUttNCCZYyF9fKuaMS2ACaPylZ4GRjwa+sraCD4lGW8iaDsa1xt6INvIyEb43+WQcCoFpd7Jnxg7ic/nTDqVyIraQp32nHNB9DxEkjgDPbOKiJki+6imSksp58GVhGh+5NQZbQJIykk4NFPF3ZHAHoOKjXIy+fWqTLyY4tAy5gXwiavz/h+lvNRt7ORZkkg02KS12nO5AdpAz6cZH1NURcdsVcf/DDesmo9QWJPwPFFcAfMMVJ/IitGKR571jCnjcl9Fle2ZpD0NOM8G5g4/wDVVQ6fK1imkKwJM1yZQpHfb8I/U1cvtPgNx0rJCImmeW4hVFXvnfkn8g1UtNqA1XrAJZxgW1gPChVFzk54/Xn7UOc4GF/EsJb0uwGSQP1qR4o8CSRziPHODgt8vpQeO01GKPc9nKFAySQBj9aIafFeS7JZLZRap8W6XGDj5edZlYxomabcKibpjv2jcFIzgH1+VD7aZn13VGyzAmNuO34e9HUsPeRHcR7YbgD4XPKyDzVgPKgVxb3UOtXcVpDG0rwpISr5ZQNwwD5irpgne4nPNC9SczWzRjGT2NTRY30i5dMDzJI4+vpUC6hkjdldeAe4oaLs46LYHUdJ92jlUXVqCoiY8sCc5FcOnYjZdVaelwjKI7mPcPMfFQvVorq2IntpDHMOY5FOCpoj07q02u3Gm3F4FW7WZY2ZRjJDDBNPxPaQM1qz0GZFJPwkjPbNYdt67QMHtUbxe+OOa3VjkE5xWwyHl3V7C4t9Wu9NlQCVHZXDDI71K0WEafH7tLZ5Mr7klQnCEfI1c3W+kWETHVxFsvJXSKR93Drzjjtngc0Eu7ICwuxLEcLCsy4PY54/+q6GLmS7dV4Ezw2nIV7RXU4PaiKKuwnjnyNR44lXHJqUoAJDedbZCIo6WpAVvmaE9TqPDhkPdSaL20aszBe2KH9VR40xjgEgipi/IpnGOczRox81HNHdPk8a2XJzjgmlzRW8XT4ieQBiiWlSiKV4/Pvio/LITb63Ug8ZyKg2kxBKMO3rRN2MiYoZeQskm9e3yofotHeVWcZBwPlUaVAxHPNbJMQCGNSrex3AyIxZz5H0qkRkaMbE+dEYBuiUn0rg8LJ3FS7eLeiLkkDzp0PIE1obugrhoTcQZyrJn6YP+hpnlcAkqe3kTSJ01IYtUjB4y+Psacp4/EJI4PfPYiuXzY1kv9mrjfhQo9SaVqF9Kr21xYpLHloWmtN7wk9yj5+HP0OKEodX0awhtrawjaGNcDaxOfMnPqTk08SgqD4qhv8AMDg1EYosYAXep+9YWmzTZW3tOuGTRroK20+GwH1IwP515mcX1k6+DLJtU/CM9vtXpH2jqHsZd38Q/rVK6xbxpIdo86JFMh6H1ncWMqrdISF4JB7farb03UrTWtNtrzTHgkCzf3vYuJFBXaN3njtzXnzX18O8iKZG9Rn8zRHpy9udL6jtWsZ5Ii0qRPg/jRmAKkeY5oqImy9Os7NtU6HvrSGNjdwjxYiBn4k5x9xkfeqI6a1ptKklVr/Ura3f48WJVXZu3LNjAx9fpXo+6zFezxoxClcn54Nea+s7WKy6p1W2txthjuGCj0Hf+tXAphK56is5Rtli1y6A7ePqpwfqAnH2NDp9WsWldodCtACOPeLiWbB9eWGaDpyOaw/emUCNnT9wdQuHlbTrjjCL/Z1qvhpn+Je/cjnNei4rQWiWdlGVCQwJCPIcACvMvs7hWbrnRY3LBWuVztOM4ycfmBXqi8iXwJJTy+4Vv4i05GXkO2kTYbZYrV0ByM5JFY1GxZoRcQZzjketTOnwJ2WOXlSCT88UzLbRCNgq7QPSmtsSo2VpDDLK0pdGxsbv51ChYAsuPSnXV1Caim3/AMsj9aRJTiY4+dH2tFJbGD3prPTGCrgucVBsplZJPGzjPlXG5djbLk+VZtQPCPzpXgMnWF6oWWBXPwHO35GlvXrYGVm2g5Jya0kmeHqKDwzjdgH5ip+uHCEj0o6pBRZXV4duoLnyOKWetrX9rFcY7HH50zajxfUM6qUHTGyM8UjIk4tM0YnU0Kti4WRSexGDRZJQoyCMelBIuaJtboturqWye/NcCSTZ77iZGo0iYJ8DvW0Vyc4zQwEgkZrYEg8UukbVlkmEL9ybZj6+dcrFf2LYJGfSuUrs9k4J7EfzrELsifCahfa59mTFhmQb2wVPn6VznlGCPSuiSyOOXI+lErXTbYqpdS5bGcmqGKLqrFyRsk47U5+xnqJ+n+vbEMf7pqBFlOPkxG1vs2PzNKupQpBeyxxjCg8V9omf7f0sgkN71Dgjy/aLTYfRyeZDtCUZHqz2qXZh6Hv5Lcsk8ZUo3mDyOPsTVN9C2/uUdo0f+Kzb8tzzVxe1WGN+hdWLqGZNjKT3B8QDP6mqo0L4bq3A7KeKmbyeVwqo0WBbBPx3UnjNnOzyJ+dfaheyTgRqW2k9kHf5YqBHIzLk1MtFzFLLk7l7YpARta3kkUR3O+F+Exngj5ih7alINfJSQ+HJCpI7dmP+tco2O4tnknmoN63/AHjayAAMUYEAYHeqsgzT3SSguvwsRg+hoW5DOd1ZhYumT6eVR2JyatOyiJqttvgYKQfMH0NBdEgks52MZCHxRID6EGjk3IbNQCAFY/KmY1TJJ2qL0VWKhi2SRnNfBWP4mJrrpXx6VZu3LNAhP121KRF8wDkedbTIJHXC+8SaTZFvhknLsD6Af71x12W2axnRSN5Tbx6CiHtCiWKDT7pBiVJGQemCMn+VVva3MtxLcCVi2AT+lHi1JEl+LJCMAfpXd3DY4xUeIZQGpAHFdp7MKZ1tn2scUP6lcyabOAOQufyqbF+MVFvuUcEfumgWmTyL/Sdy89m8ajOx8dqM58G/ic8BuKW+lHKXt4FxgHj8zTRfndAjEDPHNFPyRBmArnPrUiS13xnbg/WhcTsACDzxR+3OVUHzFD4IL8lo0bdsiuts8sZyM7cYotd/AA6/iBoYZWldd2BnOcCoiWSNyyrnA+lTbRAkScc1EKhFXaO4oha8xLTUC0b2LCK+V8YIYfzqxZIVzyKrpBiWrGDFkQn5Vz+d9GjjeGcXtYthyO/rQ6fT1Qkx8Z8qKFiTz5VCuXPIHkcVgNB//9k=
