##I'm not afraid to die, I'm just afraid to be separated from my children

Wechat Bqshenyidu

Features, Beijing Youth Daily, the official public number

Reporter / Tong Xiaoyu

Editor / Edward Shek, Jianhua Song

Liu Chang put on his hazmat suit and entered the isolation room

Leaving his one-year-old son behind, Liu Chang went to the "front line" of giving his son a natural separation from his breasts.

Liu Chang, a nurse in the Department of Otorhinolaryngology, was in one of Wuhan's first designated hospitals for new pneumonia patients. She had to leave her nursing son to attend to patients in the isolation ward. "There are no departments in the hospital now. Everyone has to deal with pneumonia patients. "

Seeing that many pregnant and lying-in women in hard-hit areas are just as vulnerable to stress and panic as she is, Liu Chang has also joined a volunteer team that answers questions for them online after work.

From the initial resistance, to accept the reality, began to calmly face patients, family and counselors, Liu Chang in "nursing mother" , "first-line nurse" , "online volunteers" gradually find balance, become firm.

"It's not just a process of acceptance, " said Liu Chang, who hopes the epidemic will soon be over and everyone will be back to where they were.

I breastfed for the last time before I went off to war

I'm 28 years old. I've been a nurse for eight years. My son was born in 2018, and I became a mother.

After the outbreak, everyone's life was affected, and for me, the hardest part was being separated from my children. I hadn't seen darling in 23 days since I started work on the first day of the Lunar New Year.

My home is far from the hospital, drive an hour, commute inconvenience, plus every day in the designated hospital work, I dare not go home, too big risk.

For 23 days, I stayed at a colleague's House. Her husband and children returned home before the Spring Festival. She was the only one left. My food, drink, and utilities are all hers, and I am very grateful to my colleagues for taking me in. There are some colleagues like me, had to live in a hotel, wake up every day to eat bowl of instant noodles, very hard.

When I first found out that our hospital had become a designated hospital, I was very resistant and scared. It's not the fear of death, it's the long separation from the child. My baby is one and eight months old, and he's still breast-feeding, and we haven't been apart since he was born, and I don't know how long this is GonNa take.

I was told that I was going to bed on the first day of the eighth lunar month, and I had five days off before I left home, i kept filling my son's head with what might happen next: "Mom may not be coming home for a long time, and you won't be getting any milk, you'll have to eat cow mother's milk. " Darling looked at me in bewilderment, not quite understanding, but I could feel it, my anxiety can get to him.

When I first told him this, he kept shaking his head and shaking his hand. But I fed him every day, telling him, "Mommy's GonNa fight, and she's GonNa fight monsters, " and he's GonNa stay home and do what daddy says. I promised him that I would video-chat with him every day, that I would talk to him every day, and then he got over it.

My first shift was at 5:00 p.m. on New Year's Day, the night shift. When I was ready to go out at three o'clock in the afternoon, my bags were piled on the ground. The child had never seen me go out like this. Usually at this time, he would take a nap. But that day, he didn't make any noise in his grandmother's arms. He just looked at me quietly.

I turned around and closed the door, and I cried.

Before going out, I gave my baby one last breast milk. I wanted to get rid of my breasts with darling, but now I can't. I don't know what my sudden departure will do to him.

I try to skype with my kids once a day, but sometimes there's no guarantees. Sometimes I have to work nights, and the hours are so irregular that it's hard to keep up with the kids.

The other day when I was video chatting with my baby, my colleague was also there. She just followed her lead and gently patted me on the side. She said that hitting my mother. Normally, this action may not attract the child's attention. This time, when he saw this, his mouth immediately collapsed and he waved his hand while crying, for, like, 20 minutes.

I've told him many times before, "mom went to fight the bad guys. " Now he probably thinks his mom is being bullied by the bad guys. Sometimes you think the kid's small, but he already seems to know a lot of things.

Liu Chang answers questions for pregnant women online

Scared babies need a shot of adrenaline

There are a lot of young mothers out there who are just as confused by the epidemic as I am.

I learned that an international lactation consultant named Deng Yun has set up a volunteer team to provide online help to pregnant and lying-in women in Hubei Province, it was made up of Hubei local obstetricians and gynecologists, psychological counselors, breastfeeding counselors, and breastfeeding counselors. When they recruited volunteers, I was intrigued.

After becoming a mother, I walked a lot of detours, mastitis, block milk, back milk to work, have experienced. At this particular time, when no one is allowed to go out, what happens to new mothers when they run into difficulties? I joined in as soon as I thought of it.

Every day, we will have three professional teachers in the Wechat Group to answer the questions of mothers. From 8:00 a.m. to 6:00 p.m. , sometimes by 12:00 p.m. , the Q & a continues.

Most of your questions are common to new mothers. When a baby in a hard-hit area has problems, it is not easy to go to the hospital. Parents will be very flustered. At this time, you will give an accurate answer on the Internet and tell them how to deal with it, it's like a shot of adrenaline to calm her nerves.

For example, some moms will ask, what if your child's temperature is 100 degrees? Do you have a fever? Do you want to go to the hospital? They act anxious when they ask questions.

When I answer questions, I will be very careful, if some questions I do not understand, I will work in the group to consult other teachers, as far as possible to achieve accurate and effective communication. For US volunteers, it was also a process of learning and transferring the results to other mothers, which relieved my stress.

When I first got back to the hospital, one of the first in Wuhan to be admitted for new pneumonia, I couldn't sleep all night, I didn't know if I was asleep or not, it was like I was asleep, like I knew everything. The whole face was red and swollen, and the gums were red and swollen.

Then the mood calmed down and the symptoms disappeared. I try not to think about it too much. The more I think about it, the more anxious I get.

Everyone praised the sacrifice of medical staff and pay, in fact, we are also very afraid, terrible useless, the more afraid of the burden, immunity will decline, but the risk of infection will increase.

Liu Chang wrote "Go Wuhan" on the suit

The patient was gone, and I mentally told myself to be strong

A few days later, I felt calmer than I had at home. See the colleagues are engaged in the work, oneself also must use the best state to face the patient.

My first shift lasted 10 hours, from 5:30 p.m. to the early hours of the next day. I haven't been able to drink water since after 4:00 pm, when there was a shortage of protective equipment and we couldn't get out easily.

Even if you have to come out, after the protective clothing off, it should be placed in ultraviolet disinfection environment. This is not in line with the norms, protective clothing was a one-time, in theory, protective time only about 4 hours, because of material shortages, can only be so.

The first day, I handed over all my patients, and I came out at 2:30 in the morning. It was very hot in the protective clothing, the whole person inside was repeatedly soaked by sweat, and drying by body temperature, finally take off the protective clothing to sit down, and feel cold all over.

The floor of my colleague's House was deserted. We put our clothes in the doorway to ventilate and then disinfect them. We wash our hands from head to toe. We wash them many times a day. Our hands are dry and cracked. Our hair is almost washed into Straw.

My colleagues and I because the schedule is not the same, the rest time is not the same, who at home to prepare a meal, will stay on the table.

I used to be in ophthalmology, Otolaryngology, patients basically free movement, do not need life care, treatment is relatively simple, very few critically ill patients. This time the nursing of the new coronary pneumonia patient, is a challenge to my professional technique. Wearing a protective suit and gloves can sometimes make even tying a tourniquet difficult.

There's a lot more to nursing than therapy. Now the hospital has no departments, the unified treatment of patients, all have to face the new coronary pneumonia patients. When the patient came in, we were in quarantine, we had no family, we needed all the food and the POOP.

There was a patient, very sick, he pooped in bed, only I can scrub, change his diaper, change the bedspread. Some critically ill patients, to help him with a syringe to eat, drink water.

Two days ago, a patient was not in good condition. He was fifty years old, suffering from acute hypoxia and high flow of oxygen. He still had difficulty breathing and was confined to bed. He was in a bad way when he came to the hospital, but he was able to talk to us. He was able to talk. I watched him deteriorate from day to day, from initial wakefulness to a slow Oxygenation, dropping to 30 percent at one point. The next day, the patient was gone.

We all know that there is no cure for the virus, and every time I nurse a patient like this, my heart says, "toughen up. ".

If it's a mid-night shift, we need two people on duty, with at least 30 patients, every one of them covered from start to finish. Patients with mild illness may be better, at least to go to the toilet these do not need our help.

I feel like, in the process, we're getting closer to the patient. Can live in patients, have a sense of gratitude, they also understand our hard work, we are more tolerant.

It's easy to draw blood or give a patient a shot, and sometimes it's difficult to put on the equipment if you can't do it all at once. The patient's tolerance is a great comfort to us.

Sometimes, I really want to go home, but the thought of perhaps I have a virus carrier, do not dare to go back, can only restrain.

The child changes every day, he "weaning" process than I expected smooth, now accustomed to drink milk powder to eat complementary food. The son will learn new skills every day. He can already learn words like "Baby" and "Beijing" from his father.

As a volunteer, I received feedback from nursing mothers that my experience helped them feel that breastfeeding was easy, enjoyable and happy. Seeing a better connection with them also made up for the fact that I had to leave the baby while nursing.

A sudden outbreak can make you grow in an instant, and something you couldn't figure out before is suddenly easier now. All I want now is for this epidemic to end and for everyone to go back to where they were.

This article was jointly produced by Beijing Youth Daily and Tencent News, and can not be reproduced without authorization.

There have been over 1,000 deaths and not a single case has been pathologically dissected

Farewell to Dr. Li Wenliang: May Heaven be virus-free | in-depth report

In-depth report on the 30-hour journey home of the E-A bus

Go to "discover"-"take a look" browse "friends watching"

Sent

####Send it to take a look

Sending

A scan of wechat
Pay attention to the account


-------------
title: I'm not afraid to die, I'm just afraid to be separated from my children
source: bei-qing-shen-yi-du
authors: _
editors: _
proofreader: _
photographer: _
translator: _
via: https://github.com/2019ncovmemory/nCovMemory
link: https://mp.weixin.qq.com/s/daW11EZV2wuwPsa27QwsyQ
archive: http://archive.is/a5N1C
snapshot: https://github.com/2019ncovmemory/nCovMemory/blob/master/archive/jpg/1411.jpg
lead: I haven't been home for 23 days. I don't want to, but I dare
cover: data:image/jpeg;base64,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
