##Will the new Crown Disease Make Internet medicine possible

Health insight

Functional introduction, understand the health professional news

* During a coronary outbreak, suspected patients in home quarantine, and non-new coronary pneumonia patients, all need medical care, but there is a risk of cross-infection to go to the hospital.
* It's the surge in demand for online consultations. Wang Hang, founder of the good doctor, estimates that the current "online daily service 120,000 people. ".
* A number of public hospitals in Longjiang, Wuhan and Shanghai have rapidly launched internet-based medical services. Several Internet medical platforms and even social media platforms have set up online consultation channels.
* The inborn lack of preparation and the immature operation mechanism make the Internet hospital play a limited role in this epidemic.
* Insiders believe that in both sides of the inverted needs of doctors and patients, inflexion inevitable.

During the new crown outbreak, suspected patients who were quarantined at home, as well as non-new crown pneumonia patients, needed medical care, but going to the hospital was a risk for cross-infection.

The demand for online consultations has skyrocketed. Wang Hang, founder of the good doctor, estimates that the current "online service can serve 120,000 people a day. ".

Many public hospitals in Heilongjiang, Wuhan and Shanghai have rapidly launched internet-based medical services. Several Internet medical platforms and even social media platforms have set up online consultation channels.

But the inborn preparation is insufficient, and the operation mechanism is immature, causes the Internet hospital to play the limited role in this epidemic.

The personage inside course of study thinks, under the circumstance that the demand of both sides of doctor and patient is inverted, inflection point appears necessarily.

Photo: yestone

"I didn't expect that there would be so many online free consultations. If you put the number out, it will be snatched up in a few seconds. "

In the early hours of January 23,2020, the city of Wuhan was closed. Only then did ordinary people outside Wuhan realize that the outbreak was threatening. In Wuhan, the city with the worst outbreak, the load on medical staff has reached a limit. Good doctor founder Wang Hang on that day emergency online free clinic.

Hundreds of sources. They'll be gone in a matter of seconds. This surprised Wang Hang.

For suspected patients in home isolation, an online doctor's consultation may help, or at least provide some relief. But as the number of confirmed and suspected cases increased across the country, online doctors were soon running out.

On the other hand, other patients who are not infected with NCP are afraid to go to the hospital for fear of cross-infection in the hospital and choose online instead. Public hospitals are also working overtime to deploy Internet hospital services.

Always Tepid Internet medical treatment, in this epidemic, was finally generously pushed to the "front of the curtain. ".

As the epidemic continues, new problems arise

On the second day of the Lunar New Year, the panic caused by the new crown epidemic is still spreading.

Wang needs to call two or three thousand doctors a day for Free Consultation Online, which he estimates currently "serves 120,000 people a day online. ".

Of the top three provinces, Shandong was the largest, followed by Hubei. Shandong Chest Hospital attending physician Wei Min, at most, a day back to more than 200 patients. Whether your symptoms are caused by a new coronavirus, or whether your current symptoms warrant a hospital visit, is one of the most frequently asked questions.

Wang also realized that the home isolation of that part of the patients more need to be managed. Since then, good doctors have organized medical teams to work one-on-one with suspected patients in home isolation. The online management of these people, some of the problems can guide them at home to solve, if the condition is deteriorating, remind them to the hospital.

However, this mode of light consultation + light diagnosis has its limitations. In particular, in the midst of the epidemic, moderate to severe patients can not get the corresponding help. For most Internet hospitals, it is difficult to change from "light" to "heavy" .

The reason is that China's overall medical resources are insufficient, facing the new crown epidemic such special situation, offline demand has let doctors to cope with, more difficult to take care of online, and general doctors in the light of the ability to consult appears to be overstretched. This often requires a team of specialists working in tandem with general care to cope with a large influx of patients at short notice.

The key is how to replicate the offline doctor team model online.

"The bottom structure of the light consultation is one doctor to one patient, and we are equivalent to replacing the bottom structure completely. It is equivalent to a group of doctors to a group of patients forming the structure of a building, which is extremely complicated and extremely risky, " Wang said, at one point last year, the technical team was tortured enough to finally get through the underlying structure.

And it started nine years ago. In 2010, Wu Yongjian, director of the Department of Cardiovascular Medicine at the Fuwai Hospital of the Chinese Academy of Medical Sciences, approached Wang. "He has more and more post-stent patients, and he can't manage them anymore. He wants to build a system to manage these patients, " Wang said, i've been doing it for years. The long-term management of patients after they leave the hospital once accounted for half of a good doctor's business.

"We have a standard procedure for patients with moderate to severe [ new crown ] pneumonia, " said Wang, who said the system used to manage home quarantine patients in the outbreak was the same system used to manage discharged patients. It's a huge, complex system, and it took years to build it up. For example, there should be a service process, different departments, different diseases, the standard treatment process is not the same, including patients at different times of specific medical advice, but also a set of tracking system.

Beyond that, the team of doctors is a key point. Today, the basic form is a lead specialist with a few assistants and nurses.

"Just like offline, the specialist checks in in the morning, says there's nothing wrong with this patient, there's something wrong with that patient's plan, we'll do a chart discussion later to guide it, and then the lead specialist leaves, and we won't see him today, but he'll control the overall quality of service, the medical risks, and we'll replicate this online. Build a team. This is a very important step and a very difficult process to chew on,"Wang said. Only after copying such a set of things, Wang believes that doctors for the entire population of patients in order to improve capacity.

After January 29, Wang found that the development of the epidemic has a new and bigger problem. Li Zhanguo, director of the Department of Rheumatology and Immunology at Peking University People's Hospital, called him. He mentioned that after the Spring Festival holiday, the hospital began to work, but many patients were afraid to go to the hospital, and doctors were advising patients that if they were not in an emergency or serious condition, don't come to the hospital for fear of increasing the risk of cross-infection.

Director Li asked Wang Hang, his patients need to come to the hospital every once in a while, can on-line to the regular follow-up of the old patient services.

"It was a typical and iconic event, and our online service turned to all patients, not just suspected pneumonia patients and panic patients, " Wang remembers vividly.

Since February 4th, all 210,000 doctors on the good doctor line have launched online free clinics, where all doctors can send a Qr code to their old patients, telling them they can contact them online. Within three days, more than 20,000 doctors sent out such notifications to their patients through channels such as friend groups, patient groups and wechat groups.

A catalyst for Internet based medicine

January 22, New Year's Day twenty-seven, Heilongjiang is not yet under the shadow of the epidemic.

The boss personally led the team to the Harbin Medical University First Hospital during the Spring Festival rush. Zhai Xuelian was surprised that the "concord" hospital in Heilongjiang had the intention to set up an Internet hospital, and the demand service function consummation, the speed must be quick. She is the chief strategy officer of Zhuojian Technology, and one of her company's more important businesses is to help public hospitals set up Internet hospital services.

Unlike in previous years, due to the impact of the new crown pneumonia epidemic, Zhuojian technology has received requests from public hospitals all over the country, large and small, to go online for fever outpatient services and to set up a regional emergency platform, almost all the staff worked overtime throughout the Spring Festival.

After the development of the plot, is even more unexpected Zhai Xuelian. China's top three hospitals have always been in a strong position, doctors are too busy, too many patients, Internet hospitals are "new thing" , has always been an important but not urgent matters within the hospital. To truly build an Internet hospital involves the completion of the provincial supervision platform, administrative approval, technology docking and many links, usually spend less than half a year, more than a year.

The new crown epidemic has certainly given Internet hospitals a catalyst. On January 23, the day before New Year's Eve, Heilongjiang confirmed its first new case of pneumonia. Two days later, the First Affiliated Hospital of Harbin Medical University asked for an emergency online Internet hospital. Just one week later, on January 31, Ha Medical University online outpatient service opened. "first put the most urgent functions online. Within 48 hours, the picture and text information came online. Now, video consultation is also supported, " Zhai said.

Meanwhile, Heilongjiang's health commission has responded swiftly by setting up an internet-based fever clinic on a provincial basis, with access to 101 hospitals across the province. A staff member involved in the development and design said the plan is to open the service in seven days. "If there is no outbreak, it would take three months at the earliest for a docking of this magnitude. It is also an emergency measure, various manufacturers and hospitals will respond quickly. "The costs and all that stuff went away, and a lot of the construction services were free for a lot of manufacturers during the epidemic. "

On February 4, all hospitals affiliated to Harbin Medical University and provincial hospitals suspended their outpatient services. Deans are busy setting up online clinics.

From an industry perspective, whether it is a third-party platform or dominated by medical institutions, the entire epidemic has not stopped.

On Jan. 24, Ali Health and alipay launched an emergency online free clinic in Hubei Province. An average of 3,000 people initiate an online consultation every hour, and more than 90% of the problems focus on the prevention and treatment of NCP.

Ping an good doctor, Weibo, JD.com health, Dr. Syzygium aromaticum and other platforms have also opened online consultation channels. According to the micro medical group, as of January 29,13:00, the Micro Medical Internet General Hospital anti-crown Free Free Free Clinic area, more than 71.98 million visitors, the total number of medical advisory services provided about 645,000.

According to Chunyu's director, the number of smoking medical problems on its platform has increased about sixfold, while the total number of problems on the platform has recently nearly doubled compared to the average number of consultations in 2019, and the number of daily APP visits has increased by about 30% . Spring rain also with more than 300 real estate or property companies in Hubei Province, will be free free free free clinic into the community home isolation users.

At the same time, a number of public hospitals have started online consultations.

On January 24, the Tongji Hospital affiliated to the Huazhong University of Science and Technology launched an online consultation function called "fever clinic" on the hospital's official APP "Handshangtongji" and the official wechat public account. On the first day of the online outpatient service, nearly 400 Tongji specialists attended the clinic and treated 10,000 patients. As of January 30, more than 46,000 outpatient visits had been made online.

Wu Jinglei, director of the Shanghai Municipal Health Commission, said at a news conference that from January 29, Internet consultation services have been available in eight municipal hospitals in Shanghai, with a total of 176,000 visits and 2,387 consultations between January 29 and 30. From February 1, an additional 17 municipal hospitals will open advisory services.

In Wang's view, the outbreak in Wuhan, in the face of such a large outbreak, the local doctor resources into all, far from enough, the doctor resources have been exhausted. At this time, the state to dispatch, to put a large number of doctors, but also not enough. "because there are so many patients at home, the Internet is the only way to mobilise them. "

Key, but limited

From January to October 2019,7.02 billion visits were made to health facilities nationwide, according to the National Center for Statistics and information. But the consultation volume of several big third-party Internet platforms, such as micro-medicine, good doctor and Spring Rain, only accounts for 6% of the consultation volume in China.

As of the end of October 2019, there were 269 hospitals on the Internet, according to arterial network. By comparison, according to incomplete statistics, there are 2,501 tertiary hospitals in China, of which 1,479 are tertiary hospitals. Thus it can be seen that the power gap between online and offline is still wide.

In contrast to the significant increase in traffic from third-party Internet medical platforms, the number of Internet hospitals in public hospitals in the outbreak has been relatively limited. For example, the number of hospital users in one province has recently increased by 36 per cent.

Zhai Xuelian confirmed that the medical internet is a key part of the epidemic, and it is a fact that "improving efficiency, preventing cross-infection, serving more patients, many places are using it" , but she regrets that the key role of Internet hospitals in this battle, from the data point of view, has not become a mainstay, "it's a pity. "

This pity, on the one hand, stems from the Internet hospital's inborn preparation is insufficient. Just like a building, there are all sorts of problems with poor infrastructure. "His and other in-hospital software industries have been going on for 30 years, but up to now, there are no products that are completely compatible with the in-hospital business being networked to the outside world. The in-hospital systems are all custom-made. It will take the hospital more than half a year, a year to adapt, and HIS is not easy to change, " said one industry source, network registration, mobile payment just came out, almost every hospital is like this, a system directly connected to the hospital system will hang.

On the other hand, it comes from the fact that most public hospitals have not established mature operation mechanism. Since 2016, when Zhai Xuelian built Internet hospitals for many hospitals, he has told them that a fully functioning Internet hospital is not just an online consultation, it is an online version of the offline service capabilities, and online processes need to be reinvented, and requires the cooperation of the relevant departments and departments. In terms of mechanism, outpatient scheduling, medical service, charging mechanism, customer service ability, drug prescribing, follow-up visits and even doctor performance all need each hospital to adjust and run-in according to its own actual situation.

"The system goes first and the system goes together. After the system is in place, the system, the performance and so on will be improved, and the back-to-back online and offline promotion and promotion of the well-established set of methods in the Internet industry will be effective, " said Zhai Xuelian, pan-internet operation, tools is only the second, hospital system, how to cooperate with the process, how to guide the flow of the line to the line, how users operate, these are key.

The difference between reality and ideal is quite obvious. A hospital official revealed that after many third-class hospitals went online to the Internet hospital, the hospital director said that the Information Department was finished, and the medical department was in charge. The medical department also said that it was OK to simply schedule a shift and inform the people. After the excitement, the doctor had a lot of opinions about the schedule. "It's a two-way vicious cycle because you sit all morning, you don't get a lot of patients, you waste half a day and then you don't want to come. But every once in a while, you have one or two patients who come in and the doctor isn't on the line. "

Even if the infrastructure is strong and well-established, the lack of adequate doctors online is the most lethal. "A lot of Internet hospitals are doing very well, " he says. "We put them online at fever clinics, and we found that we couldn't do it without the support of doctors online. Some doctors even asked for the clinic to be closed,"said an Internet hospital official.

Ali had the same problem with his health. "with the massive increase in visits, there are not enough online doctors available to provide services, " said Ali, a director of healthcare.com, which recruits more professional doctors across the country to join the platform. But in this process, there is also a history of online service experience, can be the first time quickly, familiar with the use of Internet tools to answer patients consult the doctor or less.

When Zhai Xuelian's team communicated with the hospital about whether to open an online fever clinic during the outbreak, they found that some public hospitals responded directly, not opening an online outpatient clinic, and the offline doctors were too busy. "When a patient comes down the line, the doctor has to deal with it, and that's his first priority, and the patient on the line, there's no way to deal with it first. "

Will there be an inflection point?

In 2003, more than 500 people at Alibaba were quarantined at home because one employee was infected with SARS. But also as a result, Taobao's e-commerce model, quickly become a user habit. Seventeen years later, the country is once again locked in the shadow of a new coronavirus. Could this be an inflection point for Internet medicine?

The number of patients online is equal to the number of patients offline, and more. In Zhai Xuelian's view, is a relatively long process. Because of the outbreak, the process may be accelerated. Even without this outbreak, the tipping point will come sooner or later.

The inflection point is inevitable when the demand of both the doctor and the patient is inverted. "It's a seller's market, and people are begging for big hospitals. When hospitals, in turn, are going to beg patients, they are going to think about indicators of operating income, they are going to improve patient service capacity, and that's actually where the turning point comes, " he said

In Wang's view, "It's hard to say whether the outbreak will be a turning point for Internet medicine. But there is a word, that can reflect the role of this Internet medicine, called the second battlefield. One end is connected to the people in the house, the other to the doctors all over the country."

On the second front, there are both public hospital-led Internet hospitals and third-party platforms for Internet medicine. At least so far, users and doctors of third-party platforms have been more active in this outbreak.

According to one Internet health care person, the public health care system is either not paying enough attention to its needs, building an internet platform around its own needs, or serving a limited group of patients at a local level. But when the epidemic broke out, local medical resources were not enough and needed to be mobilized across regions, "A single hospital's Internet hospital is not enough. It can only be a third-party platform, with the ability to mobilize medical resources across hospitals and across regions. "

Wang thinks, what is deeper is mechanism problem. "The biggest mechanism for a third-party platform is to represent the patient's interests and be closer to the patient. We put the patient's demands on the platform and make the rules of the game accordingly. "

However, third-party platforms have their limitations during outbreaks. Wang Hang said, now the biggest problem of good doctor online is drug delivery, such as the city of Wuhan closed, distribution of drugs rely on Shunfeng, Yantong, but in the epidemic area has been unable to achieve.

An industry source pointed out that the spread of the epidemic has been alarming. The problems it has brought are a run on medical resources and the risk of cross-infection. The government has also taken measures such as quarantining and sealing off the city. However, the common people's illness can not be ignored. In this case, the advantages of online, remote, and efficient medical treatment on the Internet are evident.

By Tan Zhuozhao

MICRO SIGNAL: tzz19930706

By Ji Minhua

Micro Signal: Jane Jiminhua

We respect the original copyright and do not reprint without permission.

Reprinted with permission

Zheng Qi, WECHAT: 1281949389

Business Cooperation

Shanghai: Leslee 13916263824

BEIJING: Jessie 13911125922

Tips, feedback, join the core readership

Please scan the code and Contact Jian Wen

Let your friends see you watching

↓↓↓

WECHAT SWEEPS UP Praise for author

####Send it to the author

People Admire

Long-press the QR code to transfer the funds to me

Under apple's new rules, wechat's iOS version of the APP has been turned off to support public accounts through Qr code transfers.

Go to "discover"-"take a look" browse "friends watching"

Sent

####Send it to take a look

Sending

A scan of wechat
Pay attention to the account


-------------
title: Will the new Crown Disease Make Internet medicine possible
source: ba-dian-jian-wen
authors: _
editors: _
proofreader: _
photographer: _
translator: _
via: https://github.com/2019ncovmemory/nCovMemory
link: https://mp.weixin.qq.com/s/oE_uptMuHKXXywdnSN242w
archive: http://archive.is/RGFPt
snapshot: https://github.com/2019ncovmemory/nCovMemory/blob/master/archive/jpg/1010.jpg
lead: Online advantage is obvious, but the effect is limited at present.
cover: data:image/jpeg;base64,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
