##Dongzhaozhuang village's "closure order" | in-depth report

Wechat Bqshenyidu

Features, Beijing Youth Daily, the official public number

Reporter / Li Dong

Editor / Edward Shek, Jianhua Song

Dongzhaozhuang village was "welded to death" by color steel plate

Dongzhaozhuang village, a small village in Handan, Hebei Province, like most villages in the north, still has many Spring Festival traditions, such as carrying flower tables, paying New Year calls, offering sacrifices to ancestors, and so on.

After the outbreak of the epidemic in Wuhan, the epidemic prevention measures in the village have been continuously upgraded, and the Customs and daily life of Dongzhaozhuang village have also been constantly "squeezed" , from banning New Year worship to the yellow earth blocking the road, and then to the village of Caigang plate closure.

Li Feng, a village cadre, went from being "tangled" at first to being "decisive" now. He understood the Henan "hard core secretary" crudely expressed on the village radio. "there really is no other way, " Li said, village cadres should be like a "very" parents, "by Hook or by Crook, to protect the villagers. ".

Before the closure of the village, vendors set up stalls at the entrance of the village

Ignored village radio

The News of the epidemic burst upon the village like a wave.

Dongzhaozhuang village is located in Yongnian district, Handan City, Hebei Province, with a population of 4400. Li Feng, the village party secretary, is 40 and has been a party secretary in Murakami for more than a decade.

On January 22, Li Feng was watching the news over lunch, as news of an increase in the number of confirmed cases of new coronary pneumonia spread, and he speculated that an emergency meeting of the town government in the afternoon was probably related to the outbreak.

Not Surprisingly, the village Party branch secretary received the task is to "cause attention to the villagers. ".

Li Feng when the village party secretary 10 years, building roads, schools have done, but the Organization of epidemic prevention is the first time. Dongzhaozhuang village is only one way away from the main urban area of Yongnian County district. There is a large flow of people. There are about 1,100 villagers who work abroad. It is the Spring Festival when they return home. The number of villagers who visit relatives and friends is large. Where to start epidemic prevention work, Li Feng has no idea at the moment.

On his return from the town meeting, Li Feng asked the announcer to make the first broadcast. From 4 pm to 8 pm, two groups of loudspeakers from the North and south of Dongzhaozhuang village took turns to broadcast the latest news on a loop, and constantly told the villagers "wash hands frequently, wear masks, do not pile up, try not to go out. ".

On the evening of the 22nd, 571 cases of new coronary pneumonia were confirmed in 25 provinces, some of which have launched the first-level response to major public health emergencies. That night, Hebei confirmed its first case of new crown pneumonia, in Shijiazhuang, about 150 kilometers from Dongzhaozhuang village.

Li tossed the message into the village's Wechat Group, adding a voice: "Hebei has appeared, please pay attention to it, work with the village, do a good job of protection. "

"Brush to Hebei confirmed cases, like an epidemic suddenly came to the side, " Li Feng in the 22nd night held a village epidemic prevention and control meeting, village cadres to discuss, or ask villagers to try not to go out.

But for the next two days, the sound of the circular radio disappeared in the atmosphere of the Spring Festival, as if the villagers did not hear it.

The villagers still tidy up their houses, take out the rubbish and stick up spring couplets. The shops around the village run as usual, and villagers come and go to buy New Year goods. Children brought masks to the elders, and the elders stuffed them directly into their pockets.

In order to control the access of villagers, the entrance of the village was blocked with Loess

Hard-to-change customs

On January 24, the Lunar New Year's Eve, the Spring Festival gala was interrupted with a program about the Wuhan fight against the epidemic, and the number of new cases of pneumonia confirmed that night had reached 1,287.

At 10:30 pm, Li Feng tangled for a long time, or came to the village committee's Radio Room, announced the ban on New Year's greetings notice, "in case the virus into the village, I'm sorry everyone. "

"attention all villagers, due to the need to prevent pneumonia epidemic, members of the New Year tomorrow, do not visit, do not go out to move... " the broadcast was repeated five times.

Dongzhaozhuang village retains many traditional customs, "carrying flower table" is one of them. On New Year's Eve, more than 20 villagers will be organized to play musical instruments and carry flower tables around the village to pray for good weather in the coming year. Before the broadcast, the "flower table" ceremony had just finished.

On the first day of the first lunar month, it is also the most important tradition for neighbors to pay New Year calls. In the concept of the older generation of villagers, not to pay New Year's greetings to the elderly "unbecoming" , young people do not pay New Year's greetings to each other's parents will even be seen as a "break-up" signal.

On New Year's Eve, it was announced that they would not pay New Year's greetings. The villagers could not understand. Many people simply gathered in the hutongs to chat and discuss.

Li Ming married in the winter, daughter in law is the next village, according to the village custom, the new daughter in law in the first Spring Festival after marriage by Li Ming's sister in law, to give each elder in the family New Year, is the new daughter in law to recognize the family.

The young neighbor thought that it was for the good of everyone not to pay New Year greetings in times of emergency, and that no one would pay attention to these traditions at this time. But Li Ming's father insisted that he must pay New Year's greetings. His neighbor consoled him, "don't get angry, it's OK to pay New Year's greetings soon. What's your hurry? "

Li Ming's father complained to the neighbors, "a few minutes in the village, see how your village ban? " He planned to go as usual new year, quickly back.

As the village party secretary, in previous years Li Feng Family New Year's young children many, he announced in the loudspeaker this year after not new year's, New Year's Day, a door-to-door. But the village still has a large number of people to visit the New Year, this let Li Feng and other village cadres helpless. The village trumpets sounded again, urging the New Year visitors to go home.

A middle-aged man without a mask passed by the village department when he "ran into" the village director, was persuaded to go home, "you are not afraid of death, others still life! "

In the end, Li Ming's daughter in law went to visit a nearby elder family, but not a distant relative. The mother-in-law apologized to the relatives via mobile phone, and the relatives transferred money via Wechat after she was supposed to give the new daughter-in-law a red envelope in person.

Village Committee members that night when the situation was found, in the past is more than a group of walking to New Year, this year riding an electric bicycle alone "action" increased. People came and went in a hurry, only a few people did not wear masks, Li Feng more comfort, "the villagers have begun to have a sense of protection. "

Village with color steel plate was "welded to death" , affixed to the anti-epidemic banner

The gates of the village that were welded shut

January 26, the second day of the first lunar month, in the East Zhaozhuang village custom, is the distant relatives each other New Year's Day.

When the day dawns, a new announcement of epidemic prevention and control was again broadcast on the loudspeaker: "please pay attention to the members of the commune. If there is no new year visit today, our village will immediately close the road. We will not go out, and people from other villages will not be allowed to come in. Please call and wechat immediately to inform relatives from other villages not to come. "

For an hour between 6 am and 7 am, a tractor unloaded loess at the village's eight entrances and exits, cutting off the road, leaving only the main street with the necessary space for emergency vehicles. Each village entrance, the villagers on duty on behalf of the emergency, soil packed in a row of snakeskin bags, blocking 7 villages.

After the 22nd, the town on the epidemic prevention work of the meeting, sometimes twice a day, the village party branch secretary must attend. Meetings in the village also became frequent, and the decision to close the village was passed at the meeting on the evening of the 25th.

Li Feng, the village party secretary, sent the news of the closure to the village wechat group at the same time, stressing that "for the safety of the entire village, please everyone must overcome all difficulties, do not contact people from other villages. ". This time, he didn't hesitate.

This Day, Li Feng saw Henan"hard core village secretary"broadcast, he can understand Henan secretary rough expression,"that is really no way.

Most of the villagers support the closure of the village in the wechat group, but on the morning of the second day of the Lunar New Year, some still take to the streets. Some villagers tried to persuade the villagers'representatives who guarded the entrance of the village. When they were refused, they simply removed the earth bags from other exits and rode out.

That day, Yongnian district launched a major public health emergency response level. East Zhaozhuang village to the intersection of the main urban area, there are police and doctors, all into the main urban area, only after the temperature is not abnormal before the release. This is not experienced by many villagers scene, the news spread to the village wechat group, dozens of "ask mask" message in the group appeared.

At 8 pm on January 26, Li Feng and village officials, through loudspeakers, issued another "Ban" : "On the third day of the third day, the village is forbidden to offer sacrifices to the ancestors. ".

When Wang Gang heard the news, he thought it was taboo not to offer sacrifices to his ancestors. He went to his neighbor's house to discuss the solution.

In the past, ancestor worship activities were carried out from dawn to noon on the third day of the Lunar New Year. Wang Gang and his neighbors agreed, the third day at 5 am out of the village cemetery, catch the dawn before returning to the village, back and forth take the path, jump over the earth bag can smoothly into and out of the village. They speculate that "representatives of the villagers guarding the entrance of the village had not yet got up" .

The next morning, when Wang Gang and the neighbors arrived, they found that almost every family had a ancestor worshiper. After the Dawn, the village of more or less have been moved out of the earth bag traces.

Li Feng both anxious and helpless, "I also know ancestor worship is a big thing, that also can not die? " In the village "Two committees" cadre meeting, Li Feng a little anxious. "In matters of life and safety, even the most important customs must give way. "

Since then, the villages have been equipped with color steel plate, intersection was directly "welded dead" , in addition to the main street intersection, all the entrance are cut off.

Li Feng in the Ministry of Registration of rural residents in Wuhan

Confirmed cases at the plant next door

On January 30, the epidemic prevention in Dongzhaozhuang village was upgraded again.

"All villagers out of the village must hold their units to the village to report, otherwise all are not allowed out of the village, " the message, to order the tone from the loudspeakers broadcast. Village Department and the main street entrance one after another to ask the situation of the villagers, the village committee will be red paper black word "notice" posted to let the villagers see.

In Li Feng's view, this should be the most strict village department can make the closure of the village. In order to give better notice, he called a meeting of the respected elders of the village families to mobilize them to do their jobs. "although contrary to custom, but in order to save their lives" , this communication effect is very good, the streets of the villagers a lot less.

What makes Li Feng feel bad is the investigation of returning people from Wuhan. From January 22, the village according to the requirements of the returned villagers in Wuhan to focus on screening.

A villager who booked a flight from Handan to Wuhan on the 23rd cancelled his trip when he boarded the plane and was searched by village officials. A truck driver in the village was also questioned by the village committee on the 20th after returning to the village via the Wuhan Expressway.

Li Feng has recently had contact with the history of the villagers in Wuhan, the investigation at least twice, the relevant personnel truthfully reported. But the list that the town sends many times is the same as the list that the village checks itself. Village officials must ask and ask about the list over and over again. "during the Spring Festival, if I disturb them over and over again, it will inevitably lead to prejudice among the people around me. "

King Youmiu was one of three people from Dongzhaozhuang who returned home from Wuhan. When he returned to his hometown on January 14, he had already seen news about the new pneumonia on the Internet. He had been back in the village for 10 days when the village committee checked him out, and three village doctors now take temperature tests twice a day for each of the three returning villagers in Wuhan.

On Jan. 27, a recent list of people returning to Handan from Wuhan was sent to a wechat group by a villager, and King Youmiu's identity was revealed. From that day on, King Youmiu began receiving repeated phone calls from friends explaining his condition repeatedly. "This may be good, the New Year's, I go to see who all seem to want to harm others like! " Zhao Qian helpless.

Li Feng saw the news in the group, the list has been unable to withdraw, he can only repeat in the group exhorted "do not pass, do not bias against them. ". These "exhortations" from the crowd soon drowned out all discussion of the pneumonia epidemic.

On February 5, there was a confirmed case of new pneumonia in the family affiliated hospital of a chemical fertilizer factory next to Dongzhaozhuang village. On that day, the family affiliated building was under closed management.

Therefore, the prevention and control measures of Dongzhaozhuang village have been enhanced once again. Previously, villagers holding a letter of introduction to the unit can freely enter and leave the village within 7 days, now, the effective period of the unit letter of introduction is shortened to 1 day. All villagers who enter or leave the village must be signed by the village director. Occasionally, some villagers go out to send rice, buy vegetables, all by the village on behalf of the villagers.

Some villagers in the group began to celebrate East Zhaozhuang village Fengcun timely, who did not expect, the epidemic from Wuhan, really to the village entrance.

(to protect the privacy of the interviewees, Li Ming, Wang Gang and King Youmiu were given pseudonyms.)

This article was jointly produced by Beijing Youth Daily and Tencent News, and can not be reproduced without authorization.

Farewell to Dr. Li Wenliang: May Heaven be virus-free | in-depth report

In-depth report on a 30-hour journey home

A volunteer of Wuhan Red Cross Society | in-depth report

Go to "discover"-"take a look" browse "friends watching"

Sent

####Send it to take a look

Sending

A scan of wechat
Pay attention to the account


-------------
title: Dongzhaozhuang village's "closure order" | in-depth report
source: bei-qing-shen-yi-du
authors: _
editors: _
proofreader: _
photographer: _
translator: _
via: https://github.com/2019ncovmemory/nCovMemory
link: https://mp.weixin.qq.com/s/wyi2x2AcWtEg0Hi6xt8ykg
archive: http://archive.is/vrdF4
snapshot: https://github.com/2019ncovmemory/nCovMemory/blob/master/archive/jpg/857.jpg
lead: The epidemic in Wuhan really reached the village
cover: data:image/jpeg;base64,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
