##We're on our way to the walled city of Wuhan

Weixin Quanmingushi

Functional Introduction, in fact, everyone's story is breathtaking.

“
I live in this city, I do what I have to do.

“

I live in this city, I do what I have to do.

After Wuhan closed, the city has never been so empty and quiet, few cars on the road, but there is a unique landscape, is in the city shuttle takeaway staff.

Under the epidemic situation, the medical staff is in the first line treatment patient, guarantees our life safety; but we these people in Wuhan, wants to contribute for Wuhan, delivers food for the medical staff.

Life goes on in the face of disaster. Everyone is using their own strength, guarding the life of Wuhan People.

"The thought of cooking for a paramedic gives me a kick. "

My name is Liu Xiaohu, this year 36 years old, is fragrant he she cooks the child rice a staff member. When I was 19, I followed my sister to Wuhan to open a Chinese restaurant. In 2013, I saved up and opened my own supermarket.

This Spring Festival, I had no intention of going back, December twenty-eight, the store holiday, the guys have gone, there are not many people to eat, I did not close, a person guarding the store.

At 9 pm on January 26, I got a call from my supervisor, who said Meituan was working with a merchant to deliver free meals to the medical staff. Knowing that my shop was still open, he asked me if I would like to participate in the event. I didn't even think about it. I said, "yes. ".

The supervisor asked me to jot down some things. He seems to have been busy these days too, his voice is a little hoarse, then he said: "The first is to make sure the food is healthy, the second is to make sure you order it on time, and the third is to make sure it tastes good. Each one is better. "

On January 27, I came in early to sterilize every corner of the store, and headquarters sent me protective clothing, rubbing alcohol, and a mask. When I was ready, I put on my Hazmat suit and mask, and 15 boilers were on full steam to cook for the doctors and nurses. Rice and vegetables. I prepared them the night before.

We are a small restaurant, usually only four people, a day can only cook 100 pot rice. It takes about 12 minutes to make a casserole, and each step takes time. I was alone in the kitchen for three hours, watching the heat, and I ended up making 120 casseroles.

These days, I record my cooking in Clay Pot | by the author

It's not easy to pack up the potbellied Rice. If you're not careful, you'll burn your hands. Thanks to Meituan's help, we packed up all the potbellied rice and carried them to the delivery truck before 10:40.

After an hour's lunch break, dinner was about to begin. That night, I made 90 dishes of rice, contacted the volunteer driver, and successfully sent them to various hospitals.

The next day, in view of the manpower problem, I have a team with my tacit understanding of the United States in this resident, help me pack, there is no rush of the first day, we smoothly out 200 meals. And two for the driver.

I'm cooking in the kitchen in a hazmat suit

I've been cooking for the doctors and nurses since the third grade. Even though I didn't know them or see them, they could eat my food, as if we were standing together, our hearts connected.

I haven't been sleeping well these days, and I feel like there's something weighing on me, and I'm worried that I'm not going to be able to do it, but I want to say to the medical staff, they're on the front lines treating patients, we're on the back lines keeping them alive. To be honest, tired is indeed very tired, but the thought of the medical staff is still fighting in the front line, and full of energy.

These days, I moved to the store to live, I live in the community has also been infected, I will be strict every day to the store and their disinfection.

The MEITUAN delivery boy who is always in my shop, he is also very hard, although we have only known each other for a few days, after these days together, but became like a friend for many years.

When this epidemic is over, all I want to do is keep cooking. I think Wuhan will pull through this time. I have come to Wuhan for nearly 20 years, and I am half a Wuhan Person. I love this city.

"I didn't think anything of it. I just thought I could help. "

My name is Ma Zhiyong, this year 43 years old, is a native of Wuhan, is also a beauty regiment send riders.

I joined Meituan in October 1919, before the outbreak, my distribution area is close to the south China Seafood Market, basically a day to 40 to 50 orders.

I worked the night shift, starting at 10.30 am and returning home to rest at 2 am. My family lived near the Hankou Railway Station. From 5:00 to 8:00, is the peak time for eating, 8:00 to 9:00, is our time for eating, and then from 9:00 to work, every day after work to zero. 200 miles a day, back and forth.

When our area was first sealed, I didn't feel any change, and before I knew it, our area was a major disaster area, and the epidemic spread bit by bit, considering the safety of riders and users, in order to reduce the risk of cross-infection, the company simply suspended the delivery of orders to nearby hospitals.

After the city was shut down, all the businesses in the neighborhood were closed, so I didn't have a list to deliver. Until the second day of the Lunar New Year, there is a pharmacy open, but single volume is not much, a day can also send four or five single, later single volume more, we seven brothers, each day can run seven or eight single.

Because of the ample time, on January 27, I joined Meituan as a volunteer to deliver free special meals to the medical staff. My wife had some concerns at first, but after the city was shut down, she stayed home with the kids, never left the house. I told her that someone had to deliver the food. Besides, when we read the reports from the front-line medics, they're working too hard. We can do our part. We must do our part.

Every day when I come home from delivering food, my wife and kids sleep in separate rooms, they sleep in one room, I sleep in one room. So far, the family's been very supportive.

I was accompanied by two brothers who took part in this activity. Together, the three of US went to Real Kung Fu to help pack. On the first day, we only wore masks and no protective clothing. Real Kung Fu was for the sake of keeping the food preparation area clean, and asked us to help move food out of the store.

Hundreds at noon, hundreds in the afternoon. And taken to the hospital in a private car.

Helping Real Kungfu pack and carry food | by the author

These days, we can hardly touch people when we are out running. Wuhan is now mostly just a few delivery people and some volunteer drivers. Although the epidemic is serious, but there are still a lot of brothers in the outside delivery, sometimes on the road, riding a bicycle, head-on, each other nodded greetings, the heart felt very moved.

The streets of Wuhan are empty now. I just hope Wuhan can survive this time and develop well in the future.

I have lived in Wuhan for more than 40 years, and I have never seen Wuhan like this. That Day Wuhan Citizen Sings together to shout the building, I also shouted, shouted very loudly. If it's been hard before, it's GonNa be hard this time.

"My knights are in Wuhan. I must be there. "

My name is Liu Junping, I'm 35 years old, and I've been busy taking riders to deliver meals to the medical staff these days.

In the second half of 2017, I joined the Meituan and became a rider. I love this job, to be honest, the work of the rider is very hard, wind and rain, but a minute of hard work is a minute of harvest, due to excellent performance, in 2019, I became a rider more than a year later, promoted to a stationmaster, in charge of the Wuchang Railway Station site, with 60 riders under his command. Mei Tuan has fewer female riders, and even fewer female station chiefs.

My hometown is Xiaogan, Hubei Province, only an hour's drive from Wuhan. My original plan before the Spring Festival was to go home to my family and have a 10-year-old daughter waiting for me.

After the outbreak, Wuhan before the city was closed, I decided to stay, I have a lot of riders are willing to stay in Wuhan, most of them are 90, since they are here, I must stay with them.

Every day, when our riders arrive at the station, the first thing I do is take their temperature. At this point, it's important that we take care of ourselves, because the city needs to work, and we all need to get through it. After taking their temperature and asking them how they were doing, they were reassured to go.

This Spring Festival and the previous Spring Festival is very different, not many orders, my work is not usually busy. So during my break from work, I joined a team of caring drivers organized by local drivers in Wuhan. In my spare time, I helped transport some medical staff to and from work, or helped to transport some masks, medicine and other supplies.

On January 27, the third day of the Lunar New Year, I received the news that Meituan started the Wuhan medical and nursing emergency special feeding action, the joint business for medical and nursing staff to provide free meals. Since the operation required a large number of drivers, Meituan is looking internally for volunteer drivers. This is an opportunity for me to contribute.

I didn't even think about it. I was the first one to sign up. Over the next few days, I drove around the empty streets of Wuhan delivering meals to medical staff. I drove steadily. The meals were in the trunk, and I needed to make sure they didn't spill, and make sure the meals get to the paramedics on time.

That day, I also took the initiative to contact the Wuchang Railway Station nearby restaurant merchants, communication for the next Wuhan University People's Hospital free food delivery. Some caring businesses have also joined, I will take the rider riding electric bicycle, every day for the Wuhan University People's Hospital to deliver food.

I take three riders to deliver meals to the hospital | credit: Author

When all the contacts were in place, on Feb. 3, I took three riders and delivered a total of 170 meals to the outbreak's priority medical facility -- the Wuhan University People's Hospital (Hubei Provincial People's Hospital) . Looking at the medical staff to take food away from the back, I do not know how, my eyes suddenly wet. They've been working so hard.

Although everyone said that the hospital is a disaster area, many people do not dare to go, but I am not afraid, there is a station for each of our riders with masks and protective clothing. The doctors are working so hard, we must give them all the support we can.

Someone had to do it. I lived in this city, and I did what I had to. Still, I was afraid to tell my family, for fear that they would worry about me.

I still feel guilty about my daughter. My daughter often calls me to ask when I can go back, I can only say: After a period of time, my mother can go back.

"There's no time to delay. There's no time to go through the process. "

My name is Cao Yong, this year 30 years old, is the subway car rental company in the Middle East General Manager of Marketing Assistant.

I joined the Subway Car Rental Company in 2011, mainly responsible for sales in Hubei. Sales work is very tired, daily to deal with a lot of things, so this Spring Festival, I originally planned to go home to have a good rest.

My company had a holiday on January 20, the same day I drove back to my hometown in Hubei Jingshan, the road is no different from the previous Spring Festival. Back home, the surrounding area had very little information about the outbreak in Wuhan.

It wasn't until Jan. 23, when Wuhan issued a notice to shut down the city, that we local people realized the seriousness of the outbreak. On the second day of the city closure, counties around Wuhan also began to close their towns and villages.

The thought of driving back at that time, also did not have too many guard consciousness, still heart-stricken.

Those days, I have been paying close attention to the news of Wuhan. Our company is also working with the government to provide car service to Wuhan residents. Immediately after, Wuhan issued a traffic restriction for motor vehicles. Those medical workers faced a problem in their travel. We immediately responded by launching a "free car" service, in conjunction with the Wuhan government providing cars for volunteer drivers in Wuhan to drive, to transport medical staff to and from work.

Solved the problem of travel, but also faced with the problem of some citizens to eat. Especially in the front-line medical staff, watching them eat instant noodles scene, I feel extremely distressed.

On January 29, we received a message from Meituan saying that this time, Meituan and various businesses sent free meals to the medical staff and needed to use a car. We had an emergency meeting in the evening that day. Originally, we had to go according to the rules, but time was tight, finally, all the procedures were omitted and 6 cars were provided for Meituan free of charge.

Sure to use the car, Meituan there contact delivery boy and volunteers to pick up the car, the next day, that is, January 30, those delivery boy will drive to Meituan contact the door of the business, and then food to the various hospitals.

Take-out guy drives to deliver food | by the author

To tell the truth, I live in Wuhan for more than 10 years, also settled in Wuhan, this time can not help the scene, but I admire those Meituan little brother. They dare to do what others are afraid to do. Wuhan is in great need of these people at this time, people are afraid to go out, need what, take-out boy will give them.

The people of Wuhan Need Cars, and we have cars, so we should help. I especially support Meituan this campaign, some cooking, some food delivery, we give the car, every link, is to be able to make life for medical staff security.

We are also in order to let the citizens in Wuhan See, the prosperity of the city, there are cars running on the road, our Wuhan is not an empty city, but a vibrant city.

This outbreak, the last line of Defense is our medical staff, it's not easy. The people need them, but they also need to protect themselves. Our enterprises in Wuhan should do their part if they can.

Meituan riders are all good. The paramedics are good people. Wuhan is going to make it.

By Li Ze

Editor | Pu Moshi

▼

The national story project is looking for anyone with a story

Tell the story you care about and send it

tougao@quanmingushi.com

Once the story was published, it was paid 300-1,000 yuan for each thousand words

Please support the National Story Project, Click here

Go to "discover"-"take a look" browse "friends watching"

Sent

####Send it to take a look

Sending

A scan of wechat
Pay attention to the account


-------------
title: We're on our way to the walled city of Wuhan
source: quan-min-gu-shi-ji-hua-（-ge-ti-）
authors: _
editors: _
proofreader: _
photographer: _
translator: _
via: https://github.com/2019ncovmemory/nCovMemory
link: https://mp.weixin.qq.com/s/qWsdN2i0gMpfmZNav7RkKg
archive: https://archive.is/ARgiT
snapshot: https://github.com/2019ncovmemory/nCovMemory/blob/master/archive/jpg/966.jpg
lead: They defend the city, we defend them.
cover: data:image/jpeg;base64,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
