##Li Tie: We should improve the efficiency of epidemic prevention and control and reduce the social cost

I-CAIJING

CAIJING magazine official Wechat. "CAIJING" magazine, sponsored by the China Securities Market Research Center, was first published in 1998, adhering to the news concept of "independence, exclusiveness and originality" , and is known for authoritative, impartial and professional reporting, it is a must-read publication for policy-makers, researchers and managers in the field of politics and economics.

The following article is from the e method of Finance and economics by Li Tie

The e-law of Finance and economics is an original content brand derived from CAIJING magazine. We focus on rule of law, governance and ethics in the Internet industry.

It is an urgent need for city managers to reduce unnecessary administrative requirements, to reduce excessive interference in the operation of enterprises, to strengthen scientific management and control, to improve the management level and to improve the efficiency of urban prevention and control

By Li Tie

Although the prevention of new crown pneumonia epidemic situation has achieved significant results. However, at present, we are faced with the resumption of work by enterprises and institutions, as well as the arrival of the peak of employment in the Spring Festival when returning to the city. How can we improve the efficiency of prevention and control, reduce all kinds of unnecessary requirements for prevention and control made by administrative methods, and reduce excessive interference in the operation of enterprises, strengthening scientific management and improving the level of governance should be an urgent issue for city managers to consider.

The epidemic situation is a test of the ability to control it

During the half month of self-isolation at home during the Spring Festival, I have to fill out the forms required by my children's school every day. Although it doesn't take much time, filling in the forms every day is really an unnecessary burden. Because the first time is enough to justify the question. Then, as long as there is a change to the content, the initiative to report will be able to reduce most people fill out the form every day trouble. The process is cumbersome and may not have been experienced by the person who formulated the measure, but everyone who enforces it has to do the work. The question is how effective?

For example, I go for a walk in a nearby park every day, filling in my cell phone number and registering my home address and name. It is not clear whether the department making the request will eventually collect information carefully, and from what evidence of the epidemic? It is estimated that the information filled in by the security personnel or tourists themselves may eventually become a decoration, the relevant departments can not be seriously to retrieve the information, just walk the formality.

February 10 is the first day of work for many units, according to the requirements of some city governments, access to communities and units must be strictly registered system, fill in relevant information. Do policy makers have any idea, how long it would take, how long it would take, how long it would take, to fill out an office for thousands of people? What does this information have to do with the spread of the epidemic? If someone filled out false information, who could verify it?

During the outbreak, a large number of shops and restaurants were closed, fortunately we have express delivery and take-out to solve the problem. But couriers and delivery men refused to let residents into the neighborhood, asking them to pick them up at the community entrance. The inconvenience brought not to say, or the existence of the transfer of goods in the process of infection May, there is also the so-called risk. Some city governments require community properties to close non-residential elevator, the reason is to prevent the spread of disease through the elevator, and so on.

Some city governments have also made demands on companies, such as the Shanghai Municipal Bureau of Social Welfare, to pay employees double wages during the epidemic. Authorities in Beijing have said that schools should be delayed and that companies should arrange for employees to stay home from work with pay to take care of children. In fact, these policies are well-intentioned, but they violate the rules of enterprise operation. Do policy makers expect companies to be forced to shut down or even go bankrupt? Similar demands from the government will add to the burden. If the company needs to arrange for staff to go home to take care of the children, at the same time pay. Do employees need to be paid to go home and spend the holidays with their children during the summer and winter holidays?

Although it is a critical period of epidemic prevention, the government's decision-making should not only take into account the current needs, but also the future development, the effectiveness of policy-making, and whether people-oriented, etc. . More important is how to understand the scientific prevention and Control and governance, which is trying to modernize the city government, this epidemic is a test and a comprehensive test.

Requires conscious analysis and judgment

Scientific Prevention and Control and governance is to make a sober analysis and judgment. Even now, at the peak of the post-holiday rush, there seems to be pressure on migrants to move into cities, especially where they make up a large proportion of the population. But also to see around the city has taken extremely strict prevention and control measures to meet the peak return. People coming out of the epidemic-stricken areas have been almost fully controlled everywhere, and the out-of-work population in the epidemic-stricken areas is basically closed to the local population, which is essentially different from the massive outflow of people from the epidemic-stricken areas before the Spring Festival.

In addition, there are strict controls on the population in non-affected areas, and very careful screening has been carried out for those who have come into contact with high-risk groups. At the beginning of the epidemic prevention, the population in the non-serious epidemic areas were isolated or closed off. Therefore, from the point of view of prevention and control security, has been greatly improved.

At the same time, we must believe that local governments at all levels, enterprises and various institutions, as well as migrant workers, have taken strict precautions in the national mobilization against the epidemic in the interest of local and local units, families and their own interests. No Enterprise is willing to risk the spread of the epidemic, take it lightly will bring serious consequences, or even the disaster of destruction; no local government is willing to take the risk of increasing the epidemic population, because it will be responsible; Now Very few families and individuals do not understand the epidemic situation, do not worry about their own health, once the spread of the epidemic, not only physical damage, but also by the society to blame, or even bear legal responsibility. Of course, we can not rule out extreme cases, and for this part of the people, according to the current prevention and control model is difficult to be effective, the need for more scientific means or even the use of law and order means to track and monitor.

It can be argued that prevention and control measures should be more targeted and effective in non-endemic areas and areas of peak population influx, rather than continuing the general mobilization that has cost society. And devolve responsibility and management responsibilities to units, businesses, and communities. At this time, there should be greater trust in enterprises and institutions, as well as communities and individuals, and power should be restored to institutions and organizations, rather than through governments to implement ineffective and unreasonable coercive preventive measures.

The Ministry of Human and Social Affairs has issued a notice, specifically requiring that enterprises can not be forced to pay their employees, I think it is fully taking into account the difficulties of enterprises. More importantly, the important measures proposed from the perspective of respecting the laws governing the development of markets and enterprises also correct the anti-market practices of some city governments.

However, in other aspects, we can still see a small number of urban governments, regardless of local reality, to take some compulsory work stoppage and enterprise closure practices, especially the practice of blindly increasing the social burden. On the one hand, it reflects the different understanding of urban governance, on the other hand, it is not fully use the means of science and technology, resulting in methods and ways too traditional.

Scientific Prevention, control and control should be carried out

The so-called scientific prevention and Control and governance, the focus is on how to use the Internet and big data systems, for the reasonable detection of mobile people. Each region has established its own big data center, but the information source lags far behind the social application.

In a recent article, I argued that the most effective sources of information are the Internet and cell phone signaling, which accurately track the movements of a person, region, or city within six months. In the face of such a major epidemic, the effective use of big data sources rather than the traditional means of reporting, can reduce a large number of social work, to achieve accurate tracking of people involved in epidemic areas. In fact, some cities such as Wenzhou have adopted this approach. This method can not only be used to obtain globally accurate data from a wide range of population path surveys. It also allows for accurate tracking of key people.

Scientific Prevention and Control and governance, or to be based on how to improve efficiency, rather than blindly mobilize to provide, the effect is not great, but also increase the social burden. In the current epidemic prevention measures, we have carried out strict information control. A detailed survey of the population in Beijing has been carried out from the community to various institutions and units. As the number of people returning to cities has increased dramatically, we just need to have data on population movements. The Internet office system can be used to require units, enterprises and communities to have access to information on population movements through the Internet. The emphasis is on changing the information, rather than having to go through the rigmarole of checking in every day. This will greatly reduce the burden on society.

Scientific Prevention and control, but also to take scientific medical means. For example, for units and institutions where conditions permit, a temperature detector can be installed. For Communities and some do not have the conditions of business premises, can implement artificial temperature testing, will save a lot of time, to avoid the queue and wait too long in the heart. If you are worried about the negative impact of the spread of the epidemic, you can refer to the enterprises that are currently stepping up the production of anti-epidemic materials to learn how they solve the safety problems. For example, production workshop, canteen and other public space, what measures can be taken to prevent.

Scientific Prevention and Control and governance should be people-centered and take into account both the short-term and the long-term. In the near term, we should take strict precautions, but in the long run, we should make it convenient for the people to find jobs and live.

A lot of people say that life is the most important thing, and it is. But after the outbreak, life comes first. If people lose their jobs and businesses go bankrupt, what should we do then? Therefore, it is very important to make epidemic prevention policy according to local conditions. In areas where the epidemic is serious, efforts should be made by the whole country; in areas where the epidemic is not serious, scientific means of control should be adopted; and in areas where the epidemic is mild, after effective prevention and control measures have been taken, work should start in a timely and comprehensive manner so that people's lives can return to normal.

(the writer is chief economist at the Center for Urban and small-town reform and development in China. Editor: Zhu Tao.)

Read more about the outbreak in pictures

Editor in chief | Lilijiang Jiang Jiang@caijing. COM.CN
This is an original article from CAIJING magazine, which can not be reproduced or mirrored without authorization. For reprinting, please leave a message at the end of the article to request and obtain authorization.

Editor in chief | Lilijiang Jiang Jiang@caijing. COM.CN

This is an original article from CAIJING magazine, which can not be reproduced or mirrored without authorization. For reprinting, please leave a message at the end of the article to request and obtain authorization.

Go to "discover"-"take a look" browse "friends watching"

Sent

####Send it to take a look

Sending

A scan of wechat
Pay attention to the account


-------------
title: Li Tie: We should improve the efficiency of epidemic prevention and control and reduce the social cost
source: cai-jing-za-zhi-/-cai-jing-shi-yi-ren
authors: _
editors: _
proofreader: _
photographer: _
translator: _
via: https://github.com/2019ncovmemory/nCovMemory
link: https://mp.weixin.qq.com/s/OKfGY0LEPsGKPPcZ1r_bxg
archive: http://archive.today/gOgYB
snapshot: https://github.com/2019ncovmemory/nCovMemory/blob/master/archive/jpg/1660.jpg
lead: It is an urgent need for city managers to reduce unnecessary administrative requirements, to reduce excessive interference in the operation of enterprises, to strengthen scientific management and control, to improve the management level and to improve the efficiency of urban prevention and control
cover: data:image/jpeg;base64,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
