##Epidemic Season Special (please continue to work overtime)

Micro-signal Mengbeiyu

Feature Introduction, an anachronistic cynic's thought and attempt.

(Harvard Medical School) : Stay on as you please, gentlemen

As if it were an overwork, an overwork

When I was working in the poverty alleviation office a few years ago, I suddenly received a notice that the municipal anti-poverty inspection team would go to Ziwu County the next day for inspection. The then Party secretary requested that the poverty alleviation office make all preparations before the municipal inspection team arrived.

We have prepared a lot of information. Poverty Alleviation is a paper-consuming task. But we soon discovered that one of the most important pieces of information, the new requirement for this inspection, was "five photographs, " which we did not have ready, namely photographs of housing, Drinking Water, electricity, industry and access roads.

These photos have to go to poor families to take photos, and then it was late, we decided the next day to inform all staff to go to poor families to take photos, today we are very tired, first go home to rest!

At that time, Xiaoshuai, Huahua and Daidao had not yet arrived in Niaoyuhuazhen, the poverty alleviation office was Lao Xiang, me and Ajou. After the three of US decided to go back to rest, within half an hour, deputy mayor Liu angrily called over and told us to go back to work right away. The party secretary was very angry.

When I returned to the government compound, I found the Party secretary lecturing and several deputy mayors and deputy secretaries being reprimanded by him, with Liu, who is in charge of poverty alleviation, bearing the brunt. One of the Party secretary's words, which I heard clearly, was, "when is this going to happen? Don't work overtime! "

The party secretary has long since retired, and Vice Mayor Liu has gone to the Disabled People's Federation. When Deputy Township Chief Liu was in office, I had many conflicts with him, and there were two or three times of name-calling. To be honest, deputy township chief Liu was not a bad person, and he was a kind person in private. I had many conflicts with him, and he never gave me small shoes, than a lot of small-minded people do not know how much better.

All of vice-mayor Liu's problems, in the end, I think, are not a matter of character, purely a matter of ability, which I do not want to defend him. Liu's poor logical and organizational skills, poor understanding and poor expression skills make it difficult for her to understand what others are trying to say and for others to grasp the main idea of her speech.

Don't underestimate the ability to "understand" and "express" these two abilities, these two abilities are the most basic ability of everyone, meaning that everyone has these two abilities, but most people are not strong. I used to be a poor communicator, thinking I understood things, but the people I listened to had no idea. Later I read a story in which Gustave Flaubert taught Maupassant to write, and Gustave Flaubert said to Maupassant, there are a lot of old men sitting in a street, and you see a man, describe it to others, and make him walk down the street, not to be confused with any old man on the street. I thought, this is the ability to describe a thing, I must develop this ability.

At that time, fighting poverty was a top priority for the government. Like the environmental protection inspection two years ago, the flood reconstruction inspection more than half a year ago, and the inspection of prevention and control work at this time, the leaders attached great importance to it. When the rest of US got back to the office that night, we started doing some decent work, but in general it was small stuff and not much actual work.

But we know that at the moment, the overtime work, is to work overtime, is a statement, is the Party secretary and deputy township head Liu's reassurance. So we ended up working until what time at night, and the measure was not when we finished the work, but rather the psychological expectations of several leaders. That night we worked until 2:00 at night, mainly is consummates some fine welcome inspection section, plays the mobile phone, chats and sits in a daze, because Laoxiang, a Zhu and I have discussed, if in the night two o'clock off duty, should quite accord with several leaders'psychological anticipation.

We had a conversation:

Ajou said: "Lao Xiang, Brother Fish, we sit in the office there is nothing to do, it is better to go home early to sleep! "

Lao Xiang said: "had better not, a while in case Liu vice-mayor or secretary back, see we did not work overtime, must curse. "

I said, "I think we'd better keep working late enough, not to get scolded tonight, but to get scolded this time. ". Poverty alleviation, is a metaphysical problem, you are ready to be fully possible to find a problem to write a book, all in vain; you do not prepare, there may be false, all happy. If we leave now and check out the problem tomorrow, we will surely use the fact that we did not work overtime tonight as a pretext to put the blame on us; and if we work late into the night tonight, even if we check out the problem tomorrow, we will work late into the night today and get much less scolding."

Lao Xiang Patted the table and said: "Yes, I think so too. " This is a typical overtime work for overtime work, overtime work to express a position, overtime work to avoid responsibility.

Harvard, Chapter II: Goodbye, falling into Harvard

A few days ago, I was on duty at noon in the office of Epidemic Prevention and control. Wang Gang and Du Yumen were chatting in the office, or talking about work.

In Ziwu County, there is a "squatting leadership system" , in which each township is assigned a squatting county leader. County leaders do not usually show up, but important moments do occur, and they help the township to make important decisions.

The leader of the squatting county in our town of Niaoyuhuazhen is the Wang Standing Committee member. The Political Acumen of the Wang Standing Committee member is very high. Since the dismissal of the director of the Huanggang City Health Commission in Hubei Province, he has been sitting in the office of Epidemic Prevention and control every day, especially during the break between noon and afternoon.

It seems that in order to work overtime and this kind of thing, the county leaders have to do.

Standing at Wang's desk, Du Yumen Leans over his desk, elbows resting on it, as his secretary plays on her cellphone while warming the fire near the office door, "I don't think we have done enough propaganda. We have done a lot of work, but the leaders above can't see it, " he said. "You see, just yesterday, because Gaotang wrote a report on the 'five one measures for epidemic prevention, ' county leaders have been saying these two days, 'good work on epidemic prevention in Gaotang. '. I said, "well done, my ass! " He said, "Five one-work methods for epidemic prevention, " which one of our towns didn't do it? It is better to say that its articles are well written than that it is well done in its epidemic prevention work

Wang said, "this is what makes people great. People can publicize their ordinary work. This is what they have achieved. "! We are still short of such people to write articles, you ten people to do the work, in the eyes of the top leadership, is unable to catch up with a good article to write people. In this job, you can't do it, you can't do it, and you have to be able to yell and do it to score points!"

Du Yumen saw that Standing Committee Wang agreed with his opinion, "So I've been thinking in the past few days, we can't just do the above-mentioned regulations, we have to do some optional activities. These two days are busy. When the work is a little bit empty, I'll study with Chairman Su. We'll also do some innovation like other towns. We'll make our highlights. We still need to create a 'bird-speaking-flower town's experience' and type out the name of our bird-speaking-flower town, so that Wang and secretary Huang can also have light on their faces, " he continued

"Yes, " Wang said approvingly, "we can not devote all our energy to our work. Publicity is also work! You do your job, no one sees you, you don't do it. I'm going to call Lingsha again and ask her to grab some more highlights and advanced people. Our town's propaganda is too weak!"

"Yes, yes, yes, that's what I mean, " said Du Yumen with a smile. "Let's invite the TV station to interview us, write some articles and show them to the county leaders. We have also done our work in Niaoyuhuazhen. Hey, hey, hey... " Du Yumen smiled with a wrinkled face, he looks like a sleazy character actor, like a translator in a TV series against Japan. But du Yumen is deliberately dirty smile, that is their generation's humor way, he smiled very dirty, just to wait for others to say he laughed dirty, and then he can continue to laugh back.

In fact, I don't understand Du Yumen's obsequious attitude toward Wang, if it is admirable to say that in the face of danger, he took up the post of office of Epidemic Prevention and control to do a few more practical things before he retired. He had no motive to curry favor with the Wang Standing Committee, at least in my opinion. It wasn't for promotion, was it? Du Yumen will retire in a few years. It wasn't for making a fortune either. Du Yumen has several shops in the county seat, he earns one hundred thousand a year; to expand his business, it makes no sense. Du Yumen's business is geared toward individual consumers and has little to do with government procurement. If I were Du Yumen, I wouldn't have to please anyone, in order to achieve self-worth only need to concentrate on work, in order to live a good life only need to run their own industry on the line, there is no need for a smile. Perhaps this is the fierce place of Du Yumen, also is his success way!

If leaders always innovate for the sake of innovation, then employees at the bottom have to work overtime for the sake of work.

But it is normal for Wang to have such thoughts. His "history of prosperity" is just a pen. It is by writing news and materials that he has gone from being a cadre in a township to a popular figure in the eyes of county leaders. His birth family is not rich, can achieve today's achievement is not easy, try to ask civil servants who can climb the deputy county-level real job? On the planet, and it's all from a pen.

Therefore, the people who climb up through the pen always believe in the power of the pen. They believe that the pen can solve some problems by writing articles and materials. Just as those who climb up through the grass roots in doing practical work will certainly believe in doing practical work, people who rely on the back door to climb up the stairs will be under the illusion that they can solve all their problems. People who rely on the back door will be under the illusion that they can solve all their problems.

But experience tells us that it's all one-sided. It is not enough to be diplomatic and diplomatic; it is not enough to be practical and diplomatic; it is not enough to be diplomatic and diplomatic; it is not enough to be diplomatic and diplomatic; it is not enough to be diplomatic and diplomatic; it is not enough to be diplomatic and diplomatic, or you're GONNA fall on your face.

Wang chang-wei fell on hard times. We may never see him again in the future. He was subjected to Shuanggui. In the morning, he just heard the wind. In the evening, he already saw the announcement on the public number of the Sanjiang City Discipline Inspection Commission. In just two or three sentences, he only said "suspected of serious violations of discipline. " Didn't say anything else. I thought that such a big event would certainly cause a big stir in Niaoyuhuazhen, but surprisingly not, as usual, there is nothing unusual, this incident does not seem to have had an impact on anyone in Niaoyuhuazhen, it's like this guy was never even a part of our lives.

But this is also normal, he was less than a year in charge of the town, usually like to give a long speech at the meeting, a three-hour meeting, he would monopolize more than an hour of speech, Secretary Yellow Emperor occupied another hour, the rest of us have the last hour to talk. Wang likes to hold meetings on weekends, at noon and in the evening. It is obvious that Wang is afraid of disturbing people's working hours, so he often holds meetings at such times. But it is also obvious that he is not worried about disturbing people's rest time.

In conclusion, I think it's normal that no one cares that he's gone. Secretary Yellow Emperor and Mayor Tian Wu appeared to be under investigation by the commission, but soon returned. The case was handled by the Municipal Commission of Discipline Inspection, which leads the Shidong County Commission of Discipline Inspection. The Ziwu County Commission of Discipline Inspection, which is not involved, is said to be customary.

The more important reason why all this is quiet is that it has nothing to do with Ziwu County. It was Wang's first job at the deputy county level, years ago, when he was deputy county chief in Sanhe County, it is said that several cadres at the level of Deputy County and Zhengke have been implicated. One of them has been promoted to a director of the Department of Civil Affairs of Dawan province, and has also been subjected to Shuanggui.

Things are changing, times are changing, science is changing, technology is changing our lives step by step, in this day and age, everything you've done will be recorded, no matter how long it's been, there are plenty of celebrities whose reputations have been dragged through the mud by digging up old stories.

To feel as if you were forced to rest

Former director of poverty alleviation, I'm in Florida, one of the most admired places in Florida, collapsed, and now I'm in the hospital. He will retire in three years. Two years ago, he took a three-month sick leave because of a heart problem.

It was not until he fell that I remembered that he had never been in good health. Like Ajou, we thought she was different from other women, and even during pregnancy we gave her a lot of work, until she collapsed in the poverty office, and we always had to tire someone out before we knew they were going to be exhausted.

Even though we've seen countless examples on TV, we still believe that the bodies of our colleagues around us are made of iron, that they won't leave us, and then one story after another, which we regret. We don't want a dead hero. We want a living colleague.

It is gratifying that today the media at all levels are calling for the mandatory rest of the overworked staff, which is a huge step forward, and we are finally free of the whip of nobility and devotion, to lead honorable men to meaningless sacrifice. Let the front-line personnel take turns to sleep for a few hours, can not delay the important matter of epidemic prevention. The world is turning without everyone. If this post is not possible without him, then it just shows that there is something wrong with our management system, there are huge risks. ! Since can not be short of WHO, so this person fell, caused by the problem is not more serious? !

Since January 24, government and village social workers have been working for almost a month without a mask, protective clothing or a thermal gun, walking into the village on two legs, we have basically completed the visit and card drawing of one hundred thousand people in the whole county. Of course, everyone's work performance is also gratifying, although when talking about this work performance, few people will think of them: Ziwu County except 2 imported confirmed cases, found no other confirmed cases.

When I went to work in the afternoon, Wu Chunqiu entered the office, "starting this weekend, we're going to have two shifts on weekends, half on Saturdays and the other half on Sundays, " he told us, "so that each of us can have one day off a week, which I don't have, because I'm with the Office of Disease Control and Prevention, and unless there's nothing to hand out that day, I'll still have a job, but it's a good thing.

But such a good thing is not approved by the leadership, Wu Chunqiu specifically told us, at this time to keep it secret, everyone can know, do not let the leadership and other people in the office know, this is our office internal private arrangements.

Rest, all of you who are fighting against the plague, your bodies are not only about you, but also about your parents, your loved ones, and your children. Rest is for better work, in order to be more energetic in this "anti-epidemic" struggle.

Share this article with everyone you know

WECHAT SWEEPS UP Praise for author

####Send it to the author

People Admire

Long-press the QR code to transfer the funds to me

WECHAT's iOS version of the APP has been turned off to support public accounts through Qr code transfers due to apple's new rules.

Go to "discover"-"take a look" browse "friends watching"

Sent

####Send it to take a look

Sending

A scan of wechat
Pay attention to the account


-------------
title: Epidemic Season Special (please continue to work overtime)
source: ji-ceng-xu-gou-gu-shi
authors: _
editors: _
proofreader: _
photographer: _
translator: _
via: https://github.com/2019ncovmemory/nCovMemory
link: https://mp.weixin.qq.com/s/IJ82Bbrws7DwdXlWNSuF_g
archive: http://archive.ph/uheat
snapshot: https://github.com/2019ncovmemory/nCovMemory/blob/master/archive/jpg/1633.jpg
lead: At the moment of overtime, it is obvious to work overtime for overtime, is a statement, is the Party secretary and deputy township head Liu's reassurance. So we ended up working late into the night, not by when we finished, but by the psychological expectations of a few leaders, who felt better about leaving work when they met their expectations.
cover: data:image/jpeg;base64,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
