##We"do not believe in evil"Wuhan people, the character is not to change a change?

Micro signal

Functional introduction, my individuality, is the historical narrative of the Times. I'm my own foreign land, and I'm trying 10,000 possible narratives.

Wuhan River System, the confluence of the Yangtze River Han River, divided into three towns in Wuhan. The river is vast, the wharf is many, spell the wharf to depend on what? By "fighting hard" . Wuhan's Hanzheng Street in the Riverside, the past throughout the country to the small traders, there are many do coolie river "shoulder pole" , like Chongqing stick, to help small bosses with shoulder poles to carry goods, relying on coolies and "hard fight" to survive. At that time also need not walk water way long ago, but the character culture that occupies dock to conquer the world, in the gene of Wuhan people, hit firm.

I recall my own growing up in Wuhan, the streets almost every day there are people quarrel. Once in the park, saw two couples quarrel, two women fought, one pulled out the other's Corset, feel this is only the middle level of fierce men. And there are those who make women slap each other in the face. In any case, "gentle" "Zhou Xuan" such a vocabulary, I feel with the Wuhan people more out of luck. "A gentle Wuhan Man" , I think this is a sick sentence.

This Spring Festival home, catch up with the new outbreak of pneumonia. A doctor friend of mine in Wuhan said, "just call me before you come back. At this time, where can I go back to Wuhan? " But I talked to another fellow villager, and both felt that our trip to Wuhan was worth it. It was a very important point, it was in our heart of hearts under the reminder, our family never believe in evil parents and relatives, this time finally know a little bit scared.

To communicate with the older generation, there is a very important communication problem, that is, you say probability, he said case.

For example: "Do not smoke AH, smoking will increase the risk of lung cancer. Do Not Drink Ah, drinking is not good for the liver. ".

They said, "I know the guy who smokes every day and drinks every day until he's in his 90s. The guy who doesn't drink hasn't lived past 60. "

Okay, I'll give you a counterexample. Everyone we know has liver cancer from drinking. Then the old man will talk to you about probability, "then he is definitely only a minority of cases. ".

So in order not to let my father drink and smoke, I concluded, talk about the probability of the case is useless, and even kneel to him is useless. Anyway, the old man doesn't believe in evil.

Wuhan people of this "brave Meng" , in the new coronary pneumonia attack during, but also reflected. The reporter who listened to our front-line interview two days ago said that a part of the critically ill patients who are currently being treated in the hospital are the people who are having dinner together on the 30th and the first day of the Lunar New Year. Wuhan is closed on January 23, twenty-nine, Chinese New Year, fellow villagers, you next in the mood to get together for dinner, have not yet realized the seriousness of infectious diseases? Do you really have to go to the house and fall down, and then regret not having the party?

Spring Festival dinner, there are human factors in it, but when the epidemic, human relations should give way to science. One of the main reasons for the outbreak in Wuhan is the poor work done to cut off the source of infection. It's not timely, it's not rigorous. Other cities or countries may be talking about not overdoing the defense, but in Hubei Province, where the outbreak is severe, the strictness of the defense must be observed.

However, we see the information is that in other areas of strict management of residential areas, many residential areas in Wuhan, or relatively free access. Our photographer went to the market to take a set of photos, a family of three hand in hand, many readers feel strange: "We here only one person can go out for a while, how can a family go out? "

We also have reporters to Shanghai to cover, to see the high degree of self-consciousness of Shanghai residents. When Shanghai sent medical teams to help Wuhan, the people of Shanghai figured out that Wuhan, with a population of more than 10 million, needed the help of the nation's medical elite when the disease was serious. If the Shanghai outbreak is not contained by this time, the city of more than 20 million people will not have enough medical care to help. So? So what the people of Shanghai need to do is for everyone to have a sense of protection and not let the epidemic spread.

Our reporter interviewed the story of an office in Shanghai. When someone had a fever in mid-january and several people in the office had a fever, the first thing they thought of was to go to a hotel and not infect their family. Then Call Ambulance 120 and remind them that they may have an infectious disease. Please come back in protective clothing.

Diseases such as infectious diseases, if everyone has a strong sense of prevention, do not have to drag into the collapse of medical resources, the tragic end of one death after another. Of course, the severity of the Wuhan Epidemic, the citizens are very poor, if they received early warning of public institutions and scientific advice, did not have to pay such a heavy price. But other things being equal, I, as a native of Wuhan, would like to remind my compatriots that, in many cases, we should bow to the spirit of science.

I think of the evening of January 22, I and reporter Wang Shan Zhang Congzhi in the living room next to Wuhan, after writing to find a place to eat. Wuhan Living Room location is relatively remote, the surrounding businesses are basically closed, not easy to find a restaurant. We asked a father and son for directions, and the father was so enthusiastic that he eventually drove the three of us to an open restaurant. Five of US crammed into a car, three of my colleagues and I were wearing masks, and at the start of the day, the Wuhan government finally required people to wear masks when they went out. We remind the father and son, the father's unbelief attack, even said: No, no, do not wear a mask!

People in Wuhan have a tradition of questioning scientific warnings. There is an interesting phenomenon in Wuhan, Hankou people look down on Wuchang People, that is to say, look down on the average education level of Wuchang People. Hankou is generally the old Wuhan, born and bred, a lot of things by experience, by loyalty, by personal judgment. You can't believe in books, you have to believe in the world, even though the world doesn't know where it is.

Wuchang has a particularly high number of universities, so there are more young people coming from all over the country to study, and more people staying in Wuhan after graduation. Hankou people think Wuchang is full of "Country People" , old Wuhan people think except Shanghainese, everyone else is country people, even if they went to university and stayed in the city, is country people. Therefore, the old Wuhan people have a firm critical spirit towards the readers. They feel that these people are reading and reading foolishly. They are "Tiaohuo goods" . "Can you listen to the words in the book? What can the book tell you about life? " So I, to some extent, is also a relative mouth of goods, reading silly, usually speaking as written in the book, is "do not know how to speak human words" , "will be beaten out of doors.

What kind of person doesn't? That is, you have your set, I have my set, "the rules are dead, people are alive. ". You said it was a bad idea to party. Oigo didn't believe you. I don't believe you when you say you can't go to the supermarket and squeeze people. You said you wanted to wear a mask, I had to pull it off in a crowd, and I choked. People with this way of thinking, there is another word in Wuhan dialect, called "ghost fight. ". We're the ones who don't listen. We're the ones who fight. What are you GONNA do?

This tragic epidemic, people worried about anxiety, but see some because Wuhan does not comply with the rules and increase the risk of infection, people angry with the argument. The people of Wuhan used to envy the foreign spirit of the people of Shanghai. I now feel that behind this so-called foreign spirit, the self-preservation spirit that I did not like in the past, is actually a kind of urban civilization spirit. An urban society should not be equipped with a rural mind set -- I would like to be sick, Oigo fears. The idea of an urban society is to feel like we are all part of the city?

God bless Wuhan, God bless Hubei Behind, is we have a reasonable way of thinking and self-discipline Spirit, to protect themselves? !

WECHAT SWEEPS UP Praise for author

####Send it to the author

People Admire

Long-press the QR code to transfer the funds to me

WECHAT's iOS version of the APP has been turned off to support public accounts through Qr code transfers due to apple's new rules.

Go to "discover"-"take a look" browse "friends watching"

Sent

####Send it to take a look

Sending

Leave a message

A scan of wechat
Pay attention to the account


-------------
title: We"do not believe in evil"Wuhan people, the character is not to change a change?
source: xu-shi-de-yi-wan-zhong-ke-neng
authors: _
editors: _
proofreader: _
photographer: _
translator: _
via: https://github.com/2019ncovmemory/nCovMemory
link: https://mp.weixin.qq.com/s/hNrBm5q68oj_slKtkCiOLQ
archive: http://archive.ph/BYCCl
snapshot: https://github.com/2019ncovmemory/nCovMemory/blob/master/archive/jpg/1882.jpg
lead: As a native of Wuhan, I would like to remind my compatriots that their unbelieving personality should, in many cases, bow to the spirit of science.
cover: data:image/jpeg;base64,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
