##The head nurse who had fought against SARS came to Wuhan

Story

Features, welcome to the story FM. Here, we tell your story with your voice. Every Monday, Wednesday and Friday, all platforms are updated simultaneously.

Text six circles

Li Yan had been to Wuhan six months earlier on a family trip, mainly to see Yellow Crane Tower. It was summer, and the heat was so hot it made people's heads smoke. The heat did not stop the throngs of tourists, jostling each other, and the cars slogging their way down the avenue. "What a big city, " she thought.

Li Yan, the head nurse in the second division of the Hebei Medical University, had been in the front line for SARS for two decades. On the second night of the New Year's Day, she rode the train with her colleagues thousands of miles to help Wuhan. This time, the streets of Wuhan were empty and there were few cars, except for the police, cleaners and medical staff. At first they also praised the city's good sense of protection, but every day so, the bottom of my heart inevitably give birth to some sad.

As the epidemic grew, medical teams from all over the country rushed to Wuhan, sending 735 people from Hebei alone. Li Yan was one of the first to go, and everyone volunteered, amassing 150 medical staff in a single day. She was not afraid, after all, had been in the SARS war, but she told me that this outbreak let her feel more deeply.

Hospitals in Wuhan can not open air conditioning to prevent cross infection because of the cold and overcast winters. Medical staff can only protective clothing stuffed with close-fitting clothes, emergency coordination of the rear of the thermal underwear, and caring people donated a lot of long-johns. But during the day the Sun, busy up and wet trousers.

Young female nurses cut off long hair, some even shaved their heads -- "a very pretty little girl, " one told me.

Behind them, there are countless others who have supported this campaign in their own way. Just the day before yesterday, two people from Wuhan drove up and unloaded 150 cartons of milk, which they said was for the medical team, and left without leaving their names. There were also apple, honey and fresh vegetables. It moved them.

Li Yan regretted telling his parents that he had gone to Wuhan. The old man worried, every night waiting for her a safe phone call. Although some improper, but one of her colleagues to hide from their parents, occasionally call, just said "the unit is very busy, overtime" and hastily hung up.

Here's Li Yan's dictation:

I

I came to Wuhan last summer vacation. I went to see Yellow Crane Tower. The traffic was very busy. Came here the other day, the whole street is so depressed, feel particularly uncomfortable.

We are supporting the Seventh Hospital of Wuhan City, when we came here, the medical staff here has been very tired, very tired. I see their shifts, like, every day, day and night. They were supposed to be notified on the 22nd that the hospital was designated as a designated hospital, and before that, they were a level 2 community hospital.

Soon, the central South Hospital came to help them transform, zoning, zoning, pollution areas, clean areas, the response was very quick, after transformation, soon established four wards.

They've been working on the reels since before the ward, and it's been really hard. When we got here, I told them, "our nurse goes first, you guys get some rest. ". In this ward I'm in, there are 48 beds, 14 of our nurses, nine of their nurses, 23 of them.

There was a child who was supposed to leave work at 11:00 a.m. the next morning at 6:00 a.m. to help the department with some blood work. And then at 8:00 in the morning, as soon as I got to the ward, the nurse told me that she hadn't been home all night. I was so busy that I was trying to save the patient that night.

She had to work the night shift the next day. I said change it. This kid says it doesn't have to be adjusted, once it's adjusted, everyone's shifts move, they get disrupted, and we have to rearrange them.

She said, "it's okay. I'll bite the bullet and come over. Don't worry, I'm fine. ".

We stayed in a hotel near the hospital, full of paramedics. In order to prevent cross-infection, everyone lives in a single room. The boss took care of US northerners, and prepared a lot of steamed bread, noodles. Lunch in the hospital to eat, are volunteers or Meituanxiaoge sent the love meal, eat and live no problem.

We go to work at 8 o'clock every morning, and there is a bus to pick us up at 7:20. We are also volunteers.

Arrived at the hospital in the morning to start shift change. When we go to see each patient, we'll alert him, let them know we're watching him. After the shift is over, I will gather the nurses to the nursing station here, cheering, saying that a new day has started, everyone refuels! Come on!

You know, a little cheer would set the mood. After all, there's a certain amount of pressure to see a patient in these clothes.

It's hard to put on a hazmat suit. It's GonNa take me ten minutes to get it off. First wear their own work clothes, after the blue is a layer of isolation clothing, then protective clothing. I'm used to it, but I'm sure I sweat every day. My protective clothing is covered with warm autumn clothes. The protective clothing is not breathable, so it is wet every day.

Now a nurse has eight patients. It's really busy. Our work life care more, because the patient has no family to accompany, what things to take care of; serious patients are also many, many patients can not get out of bed.

We turn on the water, bring in the food, and take them for tests. Cleaning the ward is a daily necessity, including the early bed arrangement, including patients, especially in bed to relieve the stool. There was a patient with diarrhea, and we scrubbed him five times a day, and the cleaning was always done. We're nurses, we're family, we're orderlies, we're janitors.

One of the nurses worked around the clock, saving two patients in one night, saving one patient, and then the other patient suddenly got sick again. When she was done, she sat down on the floor and cried. After crying and wiping his eyes, he went back to work. Later, the hospital found a psychological teacher, give her counseling, a lot better. In this pressure, want to shout out, want to cry out, cry out, because people want to release the pressure.

Things are much better now, especially after the shelter hospital opened, some patients with mild illness were shunted out. We're working three to four hours a shift, one hour break at noon. During the break, drink a glass of water. Don't drink too much, but take a SIP. Because we're all wearing suits, and we're sweating a lot, and we're all talking really loud. At this time, we rarely chat, just look at the phone, or closed eyes, rest for a while, will soon take over.

2

I started in 2000. I'm turning 20 this year. Work a few years to encounter SARS, when our hospital set up a SARS ward, the first batch I went. I was young, and when the chief wouldn't let me go, I went and asked the chief. I had just been married, the old man was away, no children, and my lover was in the army. The chief asked me, "you got it? "? I said I had a plan.

This support Wuhan, I was the first night at 11:50 received the director of the telephone, I was already asleep. She said to set up a response team. Let me think about it. Ask the Corey who's going. It's too late to call anybody. I said I'll go. I'm head nurse Corey. It's done. It wasn't until the next day that she told me we were going, and I didn't think she'd ask to come.

I live in two places with my wife and kids. He only comes back every Spring Festival with his children. This year is the New Year twenty-four. On New Year's Eve, I was on the night shift in the hospital. I was on the day shift in the department immediately after the first day. I didn't even have dinner with my children. After the first day of work, went back to catch a New Year's Eve dinner, the night received this call.

I left as soon as they got back. I feel bad for the kid, too. My Wife said you should go, you are a head nurse, and participated in SARS, you want to go, I do not stop, go. On the second day of the Lunar New Year, the third day at 3:00 a. m.

My Kid's 15. He's a freshman. He was asleep when he decided to go, but I told him later. Boys, big, I said this is a mother's work, mother had to go, wait for mother to come back to cook for you, then take good care of you. He didn't say anything either.

There's something I need him to know. A boy's got ta be responsible. If I do this job, I have to go. I think the kids have feelings. He didn't say anything to me, but I saw him retweeting his circle of friends about doctors in Hubei Province. He said my mother was one of them, and I was proud of my mother. I'm relieved he thinks she's doing the right thing.

After coming to Wuhan, I will call my family every day, including my parents. I knew they'd be worried. I was in the middle of the worst of it. If they don't call all day, they can't sleep, they wait.

One time I didn't give them a video for a meeting. It was 11:00 at night, and my mom called me, and she said she was waiting for my call. I just feel so sorry for them for thinking about it so late at night. After every time off work, I will give them the first time to say: Today off-duty, all right, very good, rest assured.

III

The most important thing for a patient is to have faith. You have to be strong inside and think I can beat it, then there's an 80% chance. We always cheer up the patient, we give him a thumbs-up on every bed we walk into, you're better today, and we often give them that signal.

We have an aunt in the hospital who suddenly got very sick a few days ago and had to be put on a respirator. She can't take it on the suction machine. She's choking. The more upset you get, the more oxygen you use, the more you want to pull your mask down, and we can see that she's really in pain. I asked my aunt, do you want to live? She said, "I'd love to, but it's so tight. ".

I said I accompany you, you quiet down, my own mind silently count, slow down the frequency of breathing. After two days, aunt on the direction of improvement, Oxygenation from more than 70 to 89, breathing frequency from more than 40 to more than 20.

She keeps giving us the thumbs-up. She's wearing a mask. She's trying to talk. Just a south-central doctor came over, he said to his aunt, you remember her, she is Hebei team head nurse, she cares about you, you must remember her.

Aunt obviously better, she said when I get out of the hospital, to give you Jinqi. I said YOU'RE GONNA get out of here. We'll wait. But we are too far from Hebei, to send Jinqi sent to the south-central hospital it.

Things are a lot better now, and there aren't that many people in the E.R. After several open shelter hospital, admitted so many patients, we are now generally admitted to some of the more serious patients.

Wuhan's medical staff also let me be very moved, they never shout tired. Are All genuine Wuhan people, in the protection of their homes. I said to the night shift nurse, Girl, you are the pride of Wuhan People. She's embarrassed. Maybe she's just holding it in, you know, to the point where she has to save her patient. This is her family, her home.

You still have to have faith! I think it will get better and better!

When the epidemic is over and all the places are off-limits, I want to go home and take a family photo. Never thought before, do not know what is going on this year, and my parents, in-laws and sister-in-law have been scheduled to take a family photo, but now the plan failed.

When the epidemic is over and my wife and children come back from vacation, we must go and take a family photo!

——————

On January 26th the Meituan charitable foundation announced a donation of 200m yuan to pay tribute to front line medical workers in Hubei Province like Li Yan.

As of 19 February, the Meituan Public Welfare Foundation has made a targeted donation to the Hubei medical teams in 13 provinces and regions of Shanxi, Jiangxi, Anhui, Jiangsu, Hebei, Guizhou, Chongqing, Heilongjiang, Liaoning, Shanghai, Gansu, Ningxia and Shaanxi —— Foshan -- providing $5,000 in condolence funds to the 4,299 members who have been sent to their accounts.

In addition, Henan, Hunan, Guangdong, Fujian and other provinces are also in synchronous progress.

Go to "discover"-"take a look" browse "friends watching"

Sent

####Send it to take a look

Sending

A scan of wechat
Pay attention to the account


-------------
title: The head nurse who had fought against SARS came to Wuhan
source: gu-shi-FM
authors: _
editors: _
proofreader: _
photographer: _
translator: _
via: https://github.com/2019ncovmemory/nCovMemory
link: https://mp.weixin.qq.com/s/UHrXtoZkYwDj6EaUuDN4CQ
archive: http://archive.ph/ju5Wm
snapshot: https://github.com/2019ncovmemory/nCovMemory/blob/master/archive/jpg/1822.jpg
lead: The important thing is to have faith
cover: data:image/jpeg;base64,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
