##Wuhan Medical Waste increases to the usual three times, processing entire "does not fall on the ground" still lacks the medical waste bucket | depth dialogue

Wechat Bqshenyidu

Features, Beijing Youth Daily, the official public number

Reporter / Guo Huimin, intern reporter / Hu Qichen

Editor / Edward Shek

Front-line staff are at the hospital preparing to clear clinical waste

During the outbreak of new crown pneumonia, the amount of medical waste (hereinafter referred to as "medical waste") increased dramatically, and the disposal capacity of medical waste in Wuhan and even the whole country was facing challenges.

In order to alleviate this situation, many units team up to support Wuhan Medical waste treatment. Hubei Xiangyang Zhongyou Youyi Environmental Protection Technology Co. , Ltd. is one of them.

January 30, the first batch of support team from Xiangyang to Wuhan, so far has sent four batches of support force, a total of 85 staff, 35 medical waste transport vehicles. Wang Chunshan, chairman of CNPC Youyi, was interviewed in depth about current medical waste production, disposal capacity and unresolved issues in Wuhan.

In 2018, medical waste in Wuhan produced 17,300 tons and was disposed of 17,300 tons, according to the Wuhan 2018 solid waste pollution prevention and control information notice. Wang estimated that since the outbreak of the disease, the daily medical waste production in Wuhan is hundreds of tons, about three times the normal rate.

In order to realize the "daily production and cleaning" of medical waste, the front-line workers face the situation of overwork and shortage of medical waste barrels. "There are over 1,000 infected people in Xiangyang, 10 tonnes more each day, 60,000 infected people in Wuhan, and you can imagine the pressure. "

Medical waste awaiting transportation and disposal

The daily output of medical waste in Wuhan is three times that of normal

Deep degree: What is the current situation of medical waste in Wuhan?

Wang Chunshan: At present, there is no definite data on the daily medical waste production in Wuhan. According to our first-line feedback, the medical waste output in Wuhan was about 70 tons per day at the end of January, 80 tons per day at the beginning of February, and more than 100 tons recently, nearly three times the usual rate.

Deep Degree: Wuhan Medical Waste Disposal Capacity?

Wang Chunshan: generally speaking, all the facilities of medical waste enterprises will be built on the basis of normal standards, with some extra room for construction.

As far as I know, Wuhan Local Medical Waste Disposal Enterprises Only Han's Environmental Protection Engineering Co. , Ltd. . As a matter of fact, the enterprise faced the problem of reconstruction and expansion several years ago, but it was not implemented for various reasons. Now Hans can process up to 50 tons of medical waste a day.

Deep degree: Hubei Province has a total number of medical waste treatment enterprises, how many in support of Wuhan?

Wang Chunshan: every prefecture-level city in Hubei Province has a special treatment of medical waste enterprises. At present, the China Energy Conservation and Environmental Protection Group has two cars to help collect medical waste, the China Environment Foundation has also donated several cars, I can understand the support situation is this.

Deep One: Do you have the support?

Wang Chunshan: After the outbreak of the epidemic, suddenly increase the amount of medical waste, which enterprises can not bear alone to solve.

In 2019, our company just opened a new factory in Xiangyang, and bought more than 50 medical waste transport vehicles. The cars haven't been distributed to the various branches yet, so they're coming in handy.

Wuhan is not only inadequate disposal capacity, collection and transportation can not keep up, we just have the conditions of waste transport, disposal, must go to support colleagues.

Deep degree: How does the support team feel in Wuhan?

Wang Chunshan: I came with the Third Support Team. I started from Xiangyang Around 1 PM and entered Wuhan City around 6 pm. Because of the high limit of vehicles, our motorcade ran for more than six hours in the city before being transferred from the northwest of the city to the People's Hospital of Hubei Province in the southeast, hardly touching any people and cars in the process. We are used to the traffic in the city, now the whole city is just lights.

Except for support vehicles, few people and vehicles are seen on the streets of Wuhan

Medical waste is sent back to Xiangyang for incineration

Deep degree: What time does the aid go out?

Wang Chunshan: our first aid force left for Wuhan on January 30. So far there have been four batches of the force, with a total of 85 staff and 35 vehicles, of which 10 are large vehicles with a capacity of 14 tons and 25 small vehicles with a capacity of 1.5 tons.

Deep degree: under the epidemic situation, the workers to Wuhan Support is ready?

Wang Chunshan: We sent a message in the working group. After everyone volunteered, we then deployed according to the situation. Because the Xiangyang side is facing the same problem, the amount of medical waste has increased from about 10 tons in normal times to 20 tons now, and the number of medical waste vehicles has also increased from 9 to 20. We need to ensure that on the basis of completing the task of treating medical waste in Xiangyang, arrange the work of supporting Wuhan.

Deep One degree: first-line Worker Protection Measures in place?

Wang Chunshan: We usually pay more attention to protection, there are some long-term supplies reserves, including masks, goggles, gloves, protective clothing, disinfectant and so on. One of the protective clothing only basic reserve, when the need to call orders at any time.

We bought a lot of supplies immediately after the outbreak, but by the end of the period the supplies could not keep up and could not be bought. At this stage, the government has given us a lot of material support in order to ensure the normal operation of the company.

Thanks to relatively good safety management, so far, there has not been a single case of infection among more than 1,000 employees of our company.

Deep One: What is your clearance area?

Wang Chunshan: Now the scope of the clean-up involves almost all the hospitals in Wuhan, including part of the Huoshenshan Hospital Medical Waste clean-up work.

On February 18, we talked to the Wuhan Environmental Protection Agency, and they said they would immediately designate seven or eight larger hospitals, where we would be directly responsible for waste management, so that overall coordination and management could be facilitated.

Deep degree: How is the Working State of the staff?

Wang Chunshan: the first batch of employees have been working continuously for more than 20 days, most of the other employees are also in a state of continuous operation, are overloaded. We have arranged special accommodation for our staff in Wuhan, and those who return to Xiangyang after support will be quarantined in their hotels.

Deep degree: How is the Worker's working time arranged?

Wang Chunshan: every morning around eight o'clock, the Wuhan Environmental Protection Bureau will come to inform us of the day's driving route, the driver of the master directly to the Qing Yun.

When the car is full, it's transferred to the big car, and when the big car is full, it goes back to Xiangyang. Now it's basically a day trip back to Xiangyang, usually in the afternoon.

Before we came here, we had a full conversation about the specifics of our work, but there were still surprises. At first, we moved people around for two or three days, a week at the most. After coming to Wuhan, it was discovered that our support was not of an emergency nature and would probably continue until after the gradual demotion of the prevention and Control Command in Wuhan. At present, there is no tendency to see a reduction in the production of medical waste and a reduction in workload.

Medical waste from Wuhan is transported to Xiangyang and then put into a rotary furnace for incineration

After incineration, it is treated as solid waste landfill

Deep once: This epidemic, Wuhan fixed-point Hospital Medical Waste have what?

Wang Chunshan: in addition to the hospital garbage, are basically medical waste. Such as syringes, needles, infusion supplies, surgical instruments, protective clothing, and things the patient has used.

Especially during an outbreak, everything of an infected person is treated as medical waste, including sheets, quilts, mattresses, lunch boxes and so on. Almost all of the waste in the hospital area is now classified as medical waste because you don't know if it has a virus.

Deep degree: What is the clearance process of medical waste?

Wang Chunshan: Our clean-up work begins with "medical waste getting on the train" . If a large transport vehicle can get into the hospital, it will carry the hospital's boxed waste back to the vehicle, and if a large vehicle can not get in, it will take a small vehicle to the hospital to collect it and transfer it to a large vehicle at a fixed location.

Before moving to the car, the staff will use 84 disinfection solution to sterilize the medical waste bucket. After moving to the car, the staff will sterilize the inside and outside of the car, wearing protective clothing, wearing goggles, masks and gloves.

Medical waste back to Xiangyang Company, the first to get the exact amount of weighing. Most hospitals do not have the ability to weigh, just according to the number of medical waste barrels estimated, the weight of each barrel is about 50 to 100 kilograms, sometimes a barrel only filled with a quilt, not a few pounds but very occupy space.

Finally, medical waste is put into a rotary kiln for incineration, and the residue after incineration is transported to a landfill site as solid waste.

DEPTH: is the residue still dangerous after incineration?

Wang Chunshan: basically not dangerous. The Cinder remains inorganic, all the toxic and harmful elements have been eliminated, and the temperature in the incinerator can reach more than one thousand, one hundred degrees, making it impossible for viruses and germs to exist.

Once in a while: What is the difference between the disposal process of infectious diseases such as NCP and General Medical Waste?

Wang Chunshan: The overall process is similar, but infectious disease medical waste disposal on the protection of more stringent requirements.

Especially in the process of collection and transportation, we are in direct contact with medical waste, the probability of being infected is higher. Medical waste barrels are out of the infected area, during shipment can not guarantee that there is no virus contamination, spray disinfection is a simple disinfection, can not do a comprehensive no dead angle.

Normally, workers wear masks and gloves. But for infectious diseases like NCP, goggles, hats, full body protective clothing, gloves, and masks are needed for collection and transportation, except that the goggles can be reused after disinfection, the rest of the protective equipment has to be replaced every day.

Deep degree: Oil Environmental Protection is the current daily capacity is how much?

Wang Chunshan: Every day we count the number of clean-up shipments and report them to the Wuhan Environmental Protection Bureau and the Xiangyang Environmental Protection Bureau. Every day we report about 20 or 30 tons of medical waste, including the medical waste that Wuhan Helps Transport and the medical waste that is sent to Xiangyang for incineration.

Recently, hazardous waste enterprises in the province have also started to support the medical waste treatment work in Wuhan. Some domestic waste power plants have also undertaken part of the medical waste treatment work in non-fever outpatient clinics. Otherwise, it would be difficult for the whole city to dispose of medical waste.

Starting Feb. 17, medical waste from Wuhan's main hospital will be close to that of the Japanese yen.

Workers load medical waste onto a delivery truck

"Get on the train" before classification is difficult, medical waste pail shortage

Deep degree: What are the difficulties of medical waste disposal in Wuhan at present?

Wang Chunshan: generally speaking, "medical waste on the car" should be done before classification, but the front-line medical staff has been exhausted, no time and energy classification. The medical waste that we collect and transport is basically unsorted and put straight into a medical waste barrel.

When we first came here, some hospital waste is bulk, before moving to the car also need to fill barrels, added a process, an increase of the risk. But with so many patients in the hospital, the hospital didn't have time to do the work.

Deep degree: How to classify medical waste, do not classify what hidden dangers?

Wang Chunshan: Medical waste before the outbreak did not make a distinction, after the outbreak, according to the isolation zone, red zone and other areas to do the distinction. Each area of medical waste because of infection is not the same, need to be transported alone.

The main risk for medical waste lies in the period before incineration. Discharge of the vehicle waste barrels on the site, people may be passing through or accidentally contact with highly infectious clinical waste, causing infection. But for final disposal will not affect, the results of medical waste are burned.

Deep degree: Apart from the classification of medical waste, there are other difficulties?

Wang Chunshan: disposal process to achieve the whole process of medical waste "do not fall to the ground, " then, at least three times the output of medical waste can be required.

For example, a hospital produces 100 barrels of medical waste every day. It must ensure that 300 barrels are available for use, of which 100 are placed in the hospital to collect medical waste and 100 are transported for disposal, a hundred of them are being cleaned and disinfected for re-use.

After the outbreak, the local enterprises used all the medical waste barrels in stock, the Environmental Protection Department also donated, our company brought more than 1,000, but still not enough. Finally only from the local environmental protection department to transfer hundreds of garbage cans.

Recently, we asked our suppliers for urgent processing, plus inventory, and sent over 3,000 more. Now our company alone has invested 5,000 to 6,000 medical waste barrels, but it can only be said that some relief.

In addition, some hospitals have not been fully built, but they need to be put into use quickly. The site is still full of construction rooms. We all use our own forklifts to clean up the site and "open up" the passage for collecting and transporting medical waste.

[ anti-infringement notice ] this article is Beijing Youth Daily in the Toutiao exclusive first, without authorization, not reproduced.

There have been over 1,000 deaths and not a single case has been pathologically dissected

Farewell to Dr. Li Wenliang: May Heaven be virus-free | in-depth report

In-depth report on the 30-hour journey home of the E-A bus

Go to "discover"-"take a look" browse "friends watching"

Sent

####Send it to take a look

Sending

A scan of wechat
Pay attention to the account


-------------
title: Wuhan Medical Waste increases to the usual three times, processing entire "does not fall on the ground" still lacks the medical waste bucket | depth dialogue
source: bei-qing-shen-yi-du
authors: _
editors: _
proofreader: _
photographer: _
translator: _
via: https://github.com/2019ncovmemory/nCovMemory
link: https://mp.weixin.qq.com/s/dJJ9GUIAuyIbRUr-rckSzQ
archive: http://archive.is/ROvIU
snapshot: https://github.com/2019ncovmemory/nCovMemory/blob/master/archive/jpg/1644.jpg
lead: Support Team to Xiangyang for incineration
cover: data:image/jpeg;base64,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
