##Total mask mobilization

Micro-signal Tosansheng

Launched by the Bloomberg Businessweek content team in May 2016, Sansheng focuses on "new entertainment, new consumption and new youth" from a business perspective, for Practitioners and investors to provide insight and inspiring in-depth original report.

This number is extremely comfortable. I suggest you star it
The manufacturing industry in China behind the mask conversion

Author | Luo Lixuan
Design | Fan Xiaowen

The desire for masks quickly spread to other parts of the world. Under the influence of the epidemic, masks have become a necessity of life. Although most people have tried to limit the amount of time they spend outside, they are almost always forced to wear face masks when they go out in public. As a result, face masks have become a uniform deployment of official materials in many cities, and in Guangzhou, Shenzhen, Hangzhou and other regions, the public has launched a pre-application for face masks business.

However, according to Huang Libin, a spokesman for the Ministry of Industry and Information Technology of the People's Republic of China and director of the Bureau of Operation and Monitoring Coordination, on Feb. 2, China currently has a production capacity of about 20 million masks per day. This is a real problem: Even if China were a manufacturing powerhouse, mask production would not be able to meet the country's consumption needs for simultaneous use.

This is a self-help that can only be done by Chinese manufacturing. Apart from China itself, no country in the world has enough production capacity and a long industrial chain to supply its 1.4 billion people with at least one mask a day. Meanwhile, as things stand, the epidemic is spreading further to other countries, where there will be greater demand for masks in the future. Today, with global connectivity, we are also bound to continue to produce and export related health protection products once local conditions are brought under control.

China's manufacturing industry is showing great flexibility: Mask Factories and protective clothing factories are ditching holidays and rushing to make masks overnight; factories with the appropriate level of cleanliness are starting to buy production equipment, set up new processes and urgently recruit workers to make masks; Behind the huge chemical suppliers are also centralized to adjust the production plan, for a continuous supply of raw materials.

The new technology also needs to be quickly popularized: Medical Masks that meet the standard for filtering COVID-19 aerosols, the electrode-treated, electrostatically fused, medical high-pressure jet-flow filter layer has to be inserted in the middle, as it is not a desirable product for everyone, because it is not very productive.

At the moment, we are coming back to our daily lives with a cautious attitude. But keep in mind that in a global shortage of masks and inhalers, hot lines are helping to get us back on track.

01 | WHO's making extra masks?

The first to take off was the closest enterprise to the market —— A large medical dressing market represented by robust healthcare. Masks are part of the group's business, the use of raw materials, production logic and other business is linked to the place, can quickly mobilize resources to mask production, rapid increase in production.

On Jan. 27, prudent medical released an official announcement about its operations and production: On Dec. 20, a month before CCTV confirmed that the new coronavirus could be passed from person to person, the Zhong Nanshan News Agency said, prudent medical decided to cancel the planned on-site executive meeting at the Hubei Production Base and move to a video conference. Starting on January 10, they officially decided not to take a holiday during the Spring Festival and to work overtime to produce N95 masks, medical surgical masks and protective clothing, becoming an important supplier of supplies for this epidemic in Hubei Province.

In an interview with the The Economic Observer, health care executives explained that the meeting had been cancelled because of the flu epidemic and to avoid staff getting sick from cold weather And start production planning ahead of schedule because of the perceived market demand is rapidly increasing. At present, 90% of the sound medical materials are co-ordinated by the Hubei Provincial Command for prevention and control, 10% to meet their normal production and operation of consumption needs.

Under the huge demand, the group resources are concentrating on the production of medical materials. The firm is also the parent company of Cotton Times, a well-known consumer brand, and some stores have had to close temporarily because of a shortage of masks. In addition, according to observation, and the same non-woven fabrics as the raw materials of the cotton era of Sanitary Napkins also had a short shortage of goods.

Similar to the logic of prudent medicine, companies with similar raw material reserves and production fundamentals, as well as diaper and sanitary napkin manufacturers. In Fuqing, Fujian Province, for example, diaper maker Daddy baby has revamped its production line, adding equipment, coordinating materials and workers to start making masks. According to a CCTV news report, despite the similarities in technology and materials, more than 10 million baby diapers were scrapped at both ends of the imported production line after their parameters were adjusted and the equipment modified and transformed into a mask production line, after that, it's worth a fifth of what it was.

In addition, the relevant enterprises in the upper reaches of the industrial chain are also changing their resource input. Jinwei, a manufacturer of production equipment in Huai'an, Jiangsu Province, which normally produces masks, sanitary napkins and diapers, is working overtime on the production line, Xinhua reported. The factory price of Jinwei's mask production line is 450,000 yuan, while the factory price of the diaper production line is over 7 million yuan.

So far, however, no details have been released on compensation or subsidies for such a cost-free mode of production. As a guarantee, Hao Fuqing, deputy director of the Social Development Department of the National Development and Reform Commission of China, stressed at the State Council's Joint Prevention and Control Mechanism press conference on February 4 that the government will collect and store the surplus output after the outbreak, as long as it meets the standards, the Enterprise can organize production at full capacity.

Another piece of information that can be taken as a reference is that following the announcement by Shun Jie Rou, a guangdong-based enterprise, that its subsidiary intends to produce and sell medical masks, CICC made a prediction that, the local government may subsidize the project in terms of funding; the target price has thus been raised by 9 percent to 16.4 yuan.

Another important emergency mask productivity is the basic production conditions of the enterprise. They are basically in high-end industries, such as automotive, pharmaceutical, electronics, and other industries, can be transformed into a medical mask production needs of the ten thousand clean workshop. Clean Workshop is the concentration of air suspended particles controlled room, temperature, moderate, pressure are controlled within the range; and ten thousand said, indoor space per cubic meter of particles number is not more than 10,000.

The first impetus for production in these enterprises is to start actively organizing the transition, at the request of the local government or with the coordination of resources. For example, Sichuan Haihui Pharmaceutical Co. , reported by Red Star News, will use the 10,000-degree clean workshop in the factory area to move the N95 medical mask production line of Rainbow Group into the whole, and the follow-up masks will be sent to the Sichuan anti-epidemic front.

SAIC-GM-Wuling Automobile, for its part, has teamed up with its supplier of soundproof cotton, Guangxi deft, to revamp its production line. According to the Yangcheng Evening News, the project will convert the existing production plant in Deford, Guangxi province, into a 2,000 square meter dust free workshop, which will be completed and put into operation in February. The daily production of masks is expected to reach 1.7 million units, by the Guangxi District government, Liuzhou city government for the deployment of materials.

Another impetus for production by these enterprises is to resume work as soon as possible. Foxconn had previously released information on its official Weibo Account, saying that after the introduction of the mask production line, it had successfully carried out a trial production on February 5, with a daily production of 2 million masks expected by the end of February to meet the maximum epidemic prevention needs of the group's employees. In the premise of meeting the needs of employees, Foxconn will also actively part of the external support exports.

Foxconn's factories are in the Pearl River Delta, Yangtze River Delta, Central Bohai Sea and Midwestern Sectional Figure Skating Championships, and some of them have begun to reopen. On February 10, Governor of Henan Yin went to Zhengzhou to conduct inspection and supervision of enterprises, including Foxconn in Zhengzhou, which was on its first day back at work, according to the Henan Provincial Government website. According to the China Times, zhengzhou-based Foxconn is responsible for assembling the Iphone 11 series and placing orders for the iPhone SE2, which is expected to go on sale in March 2020.

But the vast majority of these extra masks are created for emergency and front line medical needs, or for the need to get back to work as soon as possible and to secure supplies, and can not meet the demands of the public market.

02 | breaking production bottlenecks

The construction of the mask is very simple. Take the disposable surgical mask as an example, the inner layer uses the ordinary non-woven fabric which can absorb the water vapor emitted by the human body, and the outer layer uses the waterproof non-woven fabric which has been treated with water and can effectively block the flying foam, is the use of the middle layer of polypropylene meltblown non-woven fabric, after stationary treatment, this layer of fabric with static electricity, can effectively adsorb the air with viruses, bacteria size particles. At the same time, polypropylene melt-blown non-woven fabric is also the key material of N95 mask.

If you want to increase production, first of all to ensure that the production of polypropylene melt-blown non-woven fabrics can keep up with rapid high demand.

Polypropylene melt-blown non-woven fabric is made of polypropylene plastic particles from petroleum refining, after melting the particles with the help of high-speed hot air drawing, spray into a net, made of non-woven fabric. Such fabrics are made with a short process flow and a low price.

UPSTREAM, the supply of raw materials for polypropylene is being driven by Sinopec, so there is little to worry about. According to the Inner Mongolia daily, petrochina hehaote Petrochemical Company has successfully converted into raw materials for masks on January 31, producing 430 tons of masks per day. Based on the estimated production of 250,000 respirators per ton of raw materials, it can supply 10.75 million respirators in a single day by only one petrochemical company. Separately, Sinopec is expected to put 95,000 tons of raw materials on the market in February, with a theoretical capacity of about 24 billion masks, according to the city boundary.

The next step is the manufacture of polypropylene meltblown cloth. In 2018, the output of spunbonded nonwovens was 2.971 million tons, accounting for 50 percent of the total volume of Nonwovens, mainly used in sanitary materials, according to the China Association of Industrial Textiles. The melt-blown process accounts for only 0.9% . That is, in 2018, China's meltblown nonwovens production of about 53,500 tons per year, but also for the production of environmental protection materials, battery separator materials and cleaning materials.

Many enterprises are stuck in the melt-blown cloth this pass. According to an interview with interface, Byd Company, which had previously announced that it would start producing face masks and disinfectants, needed five tons of meltblown cloth a day, and raw materials were still in short supply (on Feb. 12, Jády responded that they had a stable supply) .

Hainan Agricultural Company Hainan Ganlin Science and Technology Group, which wants to get farmers back to work as soon as possible, is preparing to produce its own masks, but even if they get in touch with Sinopec, they have not found enough melt-blown cloth resources. At the same time, the market price of the special filter material for masks is rising due to the shortage of supply.

Moreover, even without budget constraints, it is difficult to improve the quality of meltblown cloth production. As one of the leading companies in the industry, Hengtian Jiahua is a professional non-woven fabric manufacturer jointly funded by China Hengtian group and Xiantao Jiahua Plastic Products Co. , Ltd. . In a Jan. 27 announcement, the company said it could produce 120 tons per day of products, including face non-woven fabrics for masks, melt-blown fabrics and underside non-woven fabrics, at full capacity. The production of meltblown cloth in the industry is about 1-2 tons, even if further expansion of production, but also need to buy equipment and training staff time, but the need to resume the number of small and medium enterprises must be far greater than the number of non-woven enterprises.

One area of ongoing effort is to speed up the qualification process for factories exporting to the domestic market and reduce the time lost due to government controls.

Pengchang town, Xiantao, Hubei Province, is the largest non-woven fabric production base in China. But according to a February 8 report in China Business News, under the premise of having the production qualification of Chinese medical masks as a hard target and having issued a "military warrant" for production, the Enterprise Production Team of XIANTAO'S COVID-19 infectious pneumonia control and Prevention Headquarters has only identified 10 medical protective clothing manufacturers and 28 disposable medical masks manufacturers, as well as 22 for the above-mentioned enterprise production packaging and other supporting production enterprises to produce epidemic prevention and control materials, the rest of the enterprise will be closed.

A local mask manufacturer told Caixin that Xiantao has about three hundred mask factories, and only about 10 percent of them are qualified for domestic medical production. The head of another mask manufacturer that was shut down said, many of the civilian mask manufacturers that were shut down did not fall short of the corresponding production standards, but only because it takes time and money to get certified, so they did not apply for Chinese medical mask production qualification. This obviously did not take full advantage of Xiantao as a non-woven production base capacity advantages.

Relevant regulatory authorities are trying to ease and control, the National Health Commission has previously allowed the temporary use of medical protective materials in line with foreign standards in China. The State Food and Drug Administration also issued a notice calling for faster registration and production licenses for medical protective clothing.

The direction of these broad directions still depends on the local government to the epidemic development trend judgment ability and the response ability.

Dongguan, the "factory of the world" in Guangdong, is one of the cities recognised. After the shortage of face masks, the Market Supervision Bureau in Dongguan launched an emergency product licensing review mechanism, set up an emergency licensing working group, opened a green channel for on-site inspection and licensing approval, and carefully guided enterprises to obtain emergency medical product production licenses, the original nearly 6 months of planning time limit compressed to 2 days, fully support the early resumption of work, rapid conversion, the production of medical front-line shortage of protective materials.

Under the extreme conditions of material shortage, production conditions affected by the epidemic, and shortages of manpower, equipment and raw materials, it can be predicted that, it is very likely that the production and supply of mask materials will not be a task that can be accomplished by centralized management and control from the very beginning, but will require multiple dispersed areas to make full use of the materials and conditions that already exist, in order to meet the demand.

Three sound original content, reprint please contact authorization

Add: SANSHENGSS333

[ business cooperation ] PLUS MICRO-SIGNAL: Sansheng

Interview Solicitation

In addition to General Epidemic Prevention and control, Sansheng is also very concerned about the short-term and long-term impact of the epidemic on the industry and practitioners. It is collecting relevant interview information in the hope of providing some help to the industry.

If you are an entrepreneur or practitioner in the entertainment and consumer fields, if you would like to talk to us about the impact of the epidemic on you or your company, or follow-up plans, need help, and so on, you are welcome to contact us.

You can leave a message in the comments section of this article or in the public domain. You can also send an email to sansheng@disansheng.com. Com, leave your contact information and brief introduction, we will contact you the first time.

Let's work together to tide over the difficulties.

Click on the image below for more great articles

This number is extremely comfortable. I suggest you star it

The manufacturing industry in China behind the mask conversion

Author | Luo Lixuan
Design | Fan Xiaowen

Author | Luo Lixuan

Design | Fan Xiaowen

The desire for masks quickly spread to other parts of the world. Under the influence of the epidemic, masks have become a necessity of life. Although most people have tried to limit the amount of time they spend outside, they are almost always forced to wear face masks when they go out in public. As a result, face masks have become a uniform deployment of official materials in many cities, and in Guangzhou, Shenzhen, Hangzhou and other regions, the public has launched a pre-application for face masks business.

However, according to Huang Libin, a spokesman for the Ministry of Industry and Information Technology of the People's Republic of China and director of the Bureau of Operation and Monitoring Coordination, on Feb. 2, China currently has a production capacity of about 20 million masks per day. This is a real problem: Even if China were a manufacturing powerhouse, mask production would not be able to meet the country's consumption needs for simultaneous use.

This is a self-help that can only be done by Chinese manufacturing. Apart from China itself, no country in the world has enough production capacity and a long industrial chain to supply its 1.4 billion people with at least one mask a day. Meanwhile, as things stand, the epidemic is spreading further to other countries, where there will be greater demand for masks in the future. Today, with global connectivity, we are also bound to continue to produce and export related health protection products once local conditions are brought under control.

China's manufacturing industry is showing great flexibility: Mask Factories and protective clothing factories are ditching holidays and rushing to make masks overnight; factories with the appropriate level of cleanliness are starting to buy production equipment, set up new processes and urgently recruit workers to make masks; Behind the huge chemical suppliers are also centralized to adjust the production plan, for a continuous supply of raw materials.

The new technology also needs to be quickly popularized: Medical Masks that meet the standard for filtering COVID-19 aerosols, the electrode-treated, electrostatically fused, medical high-pressure jet-flow filter layer has to be inserted in the middle, as it is not a desirable product for everyone, because it is not very productive.

The desire for masks quickly spread to other parts of the world. Under the influence of the epidemic, masks have become a necessity of life. Although most people have tried to limit the amount of time they spend outside, they are almost always forced to wear face masks when they go out in public. As a result, face masks have become a uniform deployment of official materials in many cities, and in Guangzhou, Shenzhen, Hangzhou and other regions, the public has launched a pre-application for face masks business.

However, according to Huang Libin, a spokesman for the Ministry of Industry and Information Technology of the People's Republic of China and director of the Bureau of Operation and Monitoring Coordination, on Feb. 2, China currently has a production capacity of about 20 million masks per day. This is a real problem: Even if China were a manufacturing powerhouse, mask production would not be able to meet the country's consumption needs for simultaneous use.

This is a self-help that can only be done by Chinese manufacturing. Apart from China itself, no country in the world has enough production capacity and a long industrial chain to supply its 1.4 billion people with at least one mask a day. Meanwhile, as things stand, the epidemic is spreading further to other countries, where there will be greater demand for masks in the future. Today, with global connectivity, we are also bound to continue to produce and export related health protection products once local conditions are brought under control.

China's manufacturing industry is showing great flexibility: Mask Factories and protective clothing factories are ditching holidays and rushing to make masks overnight; factories with the appropriate level of cleanliness are starting to buy production equipment, set up new processes and urgently recruit workers to make masks; Behind the huge chemical suppliers are also centralized to adjust the production plan, for a continuous supply of raw materials.

The new technology also needs to be quickly popularized: Medical Masks that meet the standard for filtering COVID-19 aerosols, the electrode-treated, electrostatically fused, medical high-pressure jet-flow filter layer has to be inserted in the middle, as it is not a desirable product for everyone, because it is not very productive.

At the moment, we are coming back to our daily lives with a cautious attitude. But keep in mind that in a global shortage of masks and inhalers, hot lines are helping to get us back on track.

01 | WHO's making extra masks?

The first to take off was the closest enterprise to the market —— A large medical dressing market represented by robust healthcare. Masks are part of the group's business, the use of raw materials, production logic and other business is linked to the place, can quickly mobilize resources to mask production, rapid increase in production.

On Jan. 27, prudent medical released an official announcement about its operations and production: On Dec. 20, a month before CCTV confirmed that the new coronavirus could be passed from person to person, the Zhong Nanshan News Agency said, prudent medical decided to cancel the planned on-site executive meeting at the Hubei Production Base and move to a video conference. Starting on January 10, they officially decided not to take a holiday during the Spring Festival and to work overtime to produce N95 masks, medical surgical masks and protective clothing, becoming an important supplier of supplies for this epidemic in Hubei Province.

In an interview with the The Economic Observer, health care executives explained that the meeting had been cancelled because of the flu epidemic and to avoid staff getting sick from cold weather And start production planning ahead of schedule because of the perceived market demand is rapidly increasing. At present, 90% of the sound medical materials are co-ordinated by the Hubei Provincial Command for prevention and control, 10% to meet their normal production and operation of consumption needs.

Under the huge demand, the group resources are concentrating on the production of medical materials. The firm is also the parent company of Cotton Times, a well-known consumer brand, and some stores have had to close temporarily because of a shortage of masks. In addition, according to observation, and the same non-woven fabrics as the raw materials of the cotton era of Sanitary Napkins also had a short shortage of goods.

Similar to the logic of prudent medicine, companies with similar raw material reserves and production fundamentals, as well as diaper and sanitary napkin manufacturers. In Fuqing, Fujian Province, for example, diaper maker Daddy baby has revamped its production line, adding equipment, coordinating materials and workers to start making masks. According to a CCTV news report, despite the similarities in technology and materials, more than 10 million baby diapers were scrapped at both ends of the imported production line after their parameters were adjusted and the equipment modified and transformed into a mask production line, after that, it's worth a fifth of what it was.

In addition, the relevant enterprises in the upper reaches of the industrial chain are also changing their resource input. Jinwei, a manufacturer of production equipment in Huai'an, Jiangsu Province, which normally produces masks, sanitary napkins and diapers, is working overtime on the production line, Xinhua reported. The factory price of Jinwei's mask production line is 450,000 yuan, while the factory price of the diaper production line is over 7 million yuan.

So far, however, no details have been released on compensation or subsidies for such a cost-free mode of production. As a guarantee, Hao Fuqing, deputy director of the Social Development Department of the National Development and Reform Commission of China, stressed at the State Council's Joint Prevention and Control Mechanism press conference on February 4 that the government will collect and store the surplus output after the outbreak, as long as it meets the standards, the Enterprise can organize production at full capacity.

Another piece of information that can be taken as a reference is that following the announcement by Shun Jie Rou, a guangdong-based enterprise, that its subsidiary intends to produce and sell medical masks, CICC made a prediction that, the local government may subsidize the project in terms of funding; the target price has thus been raised by 9 percent to 16.4 yuan.

Another important emergency mask productivity is the basic production conditions of the enterprise. They are basically in high-end industries, such as automotive, pharmaceutical, electronics, and other industries, can be transformed into a medical mask production needs of the ten thousand clean workshop. Clean Workshop is the concentration of air suspended particles controlled room, temperature, moderate, pressure are controlled within the range; and ten thousand said, indoor space per cubic meter of particles number is not more than 10,000.

The first impetus for production in these enterprises is to start actively organizing the transition, at the request of the local government or with the coordination of resources. For example, Sichuan Haihui Pharmaceutical Co. , reported by Red Star News, will use the 10,000-degree clean workshop in the factory area to move the N95 medical mask production line of Rainbow Group into the whole, and the follow-up masks will be sent to the Sichuan anti-epidemic front.

SAIC-GM-Wuling Automobile, for its part, has teamed up with its supplier of soundproof cotton, Guangxi deft, to revamp its production line. According to the Yangcheng Evening News, the project will convert the existing production plant in Deford, Guangxi province, into a 2,000 square meter dust free workshop, which will be completed and put into operation in February. The daily production of masks is expected to reach 1.7 million units, by the Guangxi District government, Liuzhou city government for the deployment of materials.

Another impetus for production by these enterprises is to resume work as soon as possible. Foxconn had previously released information on its official Weibo Account, saying that after the introduction of the mask production line, it had successfully carried out a trial production on February 5, with a daily production of 2 million masks expected by the end of February to meet the maximum epidemic prevention needs of the group's employees. In the premise of meeting the needs of employees, Foxconn will also actively part of the external support exports.

Foxconn's factories are in the Pearl River Delta, Yangtze River Delta, Central Bohai Sea and Midwestern Sectional Figure Skating Championships, and some of them have begun to reopen. On February 10, Governor of Henan Yin went to Zhengzhou to conduct inspection and supervision of enterprises, including Foxconn in Zhengzhou, which was on its first day back at work, according to the Henan Provincial Government website. According to the China Times, zhengzhou-based Foxconn is responsible for assembling the Iphone 11 series and placing orders for the iPhone SE2, which is expected to go on sale in March 2020.

But the vast majority of these extra masks are created for emergency and front line medical needs, or for the need to get back to work as soon as possible and to secure supplies, and can not meet the demands of the public market.

The first to take off was the closest enterprise to the market —— A large medical dressing market represented by robust healthcare. Masks are part of the group's business, the use of raw materials, production logic and other business is linked to the place, can quickly mobilize resources to mask production, rapid increase in production.

On Jan. 27, prudent medical released an official announcement about its operations and production: On Dec. 20, a month before CCTV confirmed that the new coronavirus could be passed from person to person, the Zhong Nanshan News Agency said, prudent medical decided to cancel the planned on-site executive meeting at the Hubei Production Base and move to a video conference. Starting on January 10, they officially decided not to take a holiday during the Spring Festival and to work overtime to produce N95 masks, medical surgical masks and protective clothing, becoming an important supplier of supplies for this epidemic in Hubei Province.

In an interview with the The Economic Observer, health care executives explained that the meeting had been cancelled because of the flu epidemic and to avoid staff getting sick from cold weather And start production planning ahead of schedule because of the perceived market demand is rapidly increasing. At present, 90% of the sound medical materials are co-ordinated by the Hubei Provincial Command for prevention and control, 10% to meet their normal production and operation of consumption needs.

Under the huge demand, the group resources are concentrating on the production of medical materials. The firm is also the parent company of Cotton Times, a well-known consumer brand, and some stores have had to close temporarily because of a shortage of masks. In addition, according to observation, and the same non-woven fabrics as the raw materials of the cotton era of Sanitary Napkins also had a short shortage of goods.

Similar to the logic of prudent medicine, companies with similar raw material reserves and production fundamentals, as well as diaper and sanitary napkin manufacturers. In Fuqing, Fujian Province, for example, diaper maker Daddy baby has revamped its production line, adding equipment, coordinating materials and workers to start making masks. According to a CCTV news report, despite the similarities in technology and materials, more than 10 million baby diapers were scrapped at both ends of the imported production line after their parameters were adjusted and the equipment modified and transformed into a mask production line, after that, it's worth a fifth of what it was.

In addition, the relevant enterprises in the upper reaches of the industrial chain are also changing their resource input. Jinwei, a manufacturer of production equipment in Huai'an, Jiangsu Province, which normally produces masks, sanitary napkins and diapers, is working overtime on the production line, Xinhua reported. The factory price of Jinwei's mask production line is 450,000 yuan, while the factory price of the diaper production line is over 7 million yuan.

So far, however, no details have been released on compensation or subsidies for such a cost-free mode of production. As a guarantee, Hao Fuqing, deputy director of the Social Development Department of the National Development and Reform Commission of China, stressed at the State Council's Joint Prevention and Control Mechanism press conference on February 4 that the government will collect and store the surplus output after the outbreak, as long as it meets the standards, the Enterprise can organize production at full capacity.

Another piece of information that can be taken as a reference is that following the announcement by Shun Jie Rou, a guangdong-based enterprise, that its subsidiary intends to produce and sell medical masks, CICC made a prediction that, the local government may subsidize the project in terms of funding; the target price has thus been raised by 9 percent to 16.4 yuan.

Another important emergency mask productivity is the basic production conditions of the enterprise. They are basically in high-end industries, such as automotive, pharmaceutical, electronics, and other industries, can be transformed into a medical mask production needs of the ten thousand clean workshop. Clean Workshop is the concentration of air suspended particles controlled room, temperature, moderate, pressure are controlled within the range; and ten thousand said, indoor space per cubic meter of particles number is not more than 10,000.

The first impetus for production in these enterprises is to start actively organizing the transition, at the request of the local government or with the coordination of resources. For example, Sichuan Haihui Pharmaceutical Co. , reported by Red Star News, will use the 10,000-degree clean workshop in the factory area to move the N95 medical mask production line of Rainbow Group into the whole, and the follow-up masks will be sent to the Sichuan anti-epidemic front.

SAIC-GM-Wuling Automobile, for its part, has teamed up with its supplier of soundproof cotton, Guangxi deft, to revamp its production line. According to the Yangcheng Evening News, the project will convert the existing production plant in Deford, Guangxi province, into a 2,000 square meter dust free workshop, which will be completed and put into operation in February. The daily production of masks is expected to reach 1.7 million units, by the Guangxi District government, Liuzhou city government for the deployment of materials.

Another impetus for production by these enterprises is to resume work as soon as possible. Foxconn had previously released information on its official Weibo Account, saying that after the introduction of the mask production line, it had successfully carried out a trial production on February 5, with a daily production of 2 million masks expected by the end of February to meet the maximum epidemic prevention needs of the group's employees. In the premise of meeting the needs of employees, Foxconn will also actively part of the external support exports.

Foxconn's factories are in the Pearl River Delta, Yangtze River Delta, Central Bohai Sea and Midwestern Sectional Figure Skating Championships, and some of them have begun to reopen. On February 10, Governor of Henan Yin went to Zhengzhou to conduct inspection and supervision of enterprises, including Foxconn in Zhengzhou, which was on its first day back at work, according to the Henan Provincial Government website. According to the China Times, zhengzhou-based Foxconn is responsible for assembling the Iphone 11 series and placing orders for the iPhone SE2, which is expected to go on sale in March 2020.

But the vast majority of these extra masks are created for emergency and front line medical needs, or for the need to get back to work as soon as possible and to secure supplies, and can not meet the demands of the public market.

02 | breaking production bottlenecks

The construction of the mask is very simple. Take the disposable surgical mask as an example, the inner layer uses the ordinary non-woven fabric which can absorb the water vapor emitted by the human body, and the outer layer uses the waterproof non-woven fabric which has been treated with water and can effectively block the flying foam, is the use of the middle layer of polypropylene meltblown non-woven fabric, after stationary treatment, this layer of fabric with static electricity, can effectively adsorb the air with viruses, bacteria size particles. At the same time, polypropylene melt-blown non-woven fabric is also the key material of N95 mask.

If you want to increase production, first of all to ensure that the production of polypropylene melt-blown non-woven fabrics can keep up with rapid high demand.

Polypropylene melt-blown non-woven fabric is made of polypropylene plastic particles from petroleum refining, after melting the particles with the help of high-speed hot air drawing, spray into a net, made of non-woven fabric. Such fabrics are made with a short process flow and a low price.

UPSTREAM, the supply of raw materials for polypropylene is being driven by Sinopec, so there is little to worry about. According to the Inner Mongolia daily, petrochina hehaote Petrochemical Company has successfully converted into raw materials for masks on January 31, producing 430 tons of masks per day. Based on the estimated production of 250,000 respirators per ton of raw materials, it can supply 10.75 million respirators in a single day by only one petrochemical company. Separately, Sinopec is expected to put 95,000 tons of raw materials on the market in February, with a theoretical capacity of about 24 billion masks, according to the city boundary.

The next step is the manufacture of polypropylene meltblown cloth. In 2018, the output of spunbonded nonwovens was 2.971 million tons, accounting for 50 percent of the total volume of Nonwovens, mainly used in sanitary materials, according to the China Association of Industrial Textiles. The melt-blown process accounts for only 0.9% . That is, in 2018, China's meltblown nonwovens production of about 53,500 tons per year, but also for the production of environmental protection materials, battery separator materials and cleaning materials.

Many enterprises are stuck in the melt-blown cloth this pass. According to an interview with interface, Byd Company, which had previously announced that it would start producing face masks and disinfectants, needed five tons of meltblown cloth a day, and raw materials were still in short supply (on Feb. 12, Jády responded that they had a stable supply) .

Hainan Agricultural Company Hainan Ganlin Science and Technology Group, which wants to get farmers back to work as soon as possible, is preparing to produce its own masks, but even if they get in touch with Sinopec, they have not found enough melt-blown cloth resources. At the same time, the market price of the special filter material for masks is rising due to the shortage of supply.

Moreover, even without budget constraints, it is difficult to improve the quality of meltblown cloth production. As one of the leading companies in the industry, Hengtian Jiahua is a professional non-woven fabric manufacturer jointly funded by China Hengtian group and Xiantao Jiahua Plastic Products Co. , Ltd. . In a Jan. 27 announcement, the company said it could produce 120 tons per day of products, including face non-woven fabrics for masks, melt-blown fabrics and underside non-woven fabrics, at full capacity. The production of meltblown cloth in the industry is about 1-2 tons, even if further expansion of production, but also need to buy equipment and training staff time, but the need to resume the number of small and medium enterprises must be far greater than the number of non-woven enterprises.

One area of ongoing effort is to speed up the qualification process for factories exporting to the domestic market and reduce the time lost due to government controls.

The construction of the mask is very simple. Take the disposable surgical mask as an example, the inner layer uses the ordinary non-woven fabric which can absorb the water vapor emitted by the human body, and the outer layer uses the waterproof non-woven fabric which has been treated with water and can effectively block the flying foam, is the use of the middle layer of polypropylene meltblown non-woven fabric, after stationary treatment, this layer of fabric with static electricity, can effectively adsorb the air with viruses, bacteria size particles. At the same time, polypropylene melt-blown non-woven fabric is also the key material of N95 mask.

If you want to increase production, first of all to ensure that the production of polypropylene melt-blown non-woven fabrics can keep up with rapid high demand.

Polypropylene melt-blown non-woven fabric is made of polypropylene plastic particles from petroleum refining, after melting the particles with the help of high-speed hot air drawing, spray into a net, made of non-woven fabric. Such fabrics are made with a short process flow and a low price.

UPSTREAM, the supply of raw materials for polypropylene is being driven by Sinopec, so there is little to worry about. According to the Inner Mongolia daily, petrochina hehaote Petrochemical Company has successfully converted into raw materials for masks on January 31, producing 430 tons of masks per day. Based on the estimated production of 250,000 respirators per ton of raw materials, it can supply 10.75 million respirators in a single day by only one petrochemical company. Separately, Sinopec is expected to put 95,000 tons of raw materials on the market in February, with a theoretical capacity of about 24 billion masks, according to the city boundary.

The next step is the manufacture of polypropylene meltblown cloth. In 2018, the output of spunbonded nonwovens was 2.971 million tons, accounting for 50 percent of the total volume of Nonwovens, mainly used in sanitary materials, according to the China Association of Industrial Textiles. The melt-blown process accounts for only 0.9% . That is, in 2018, China's meltblown nonwovens production of about 53,500 tons per year, but also for the production of environmental protection materials, battery separator materials and cleaning materials.

Many enterprises are stuck in the melt-blown cloth this pass. According to an interview with interface, Byd Company, which had previously announced that it would start producing face masks and disinfectants, needed five tons of meltblown cloth a day, and raw materials were still in short supply (on Feb. 12, Jády responded that they had a stable supply) .

Hainan Agricultural Company Hainan Ganlin Science and Technology Group, which wants to get farmers back to work as soon as possible, is preparing to produce its own masks, but even if they get in touch with Sinopec, they have not found enough melt-blown cloth resources. At the same time, the market price of the special filter material for masks is rising due to the shortage of supply.

Moreover, even without budget constraints, it is difficult to improve the quality of meltblown cloth production. As one of the leading companies in the industry, Hengtian Jiahua is a professional non-woven fabric manufacturer jointly funded by China Hengtian group and Xiantao Jiahua Plastic Products Co. , Ltd. . In a Jan. 27 announcement, the company said it could produce 120 tons per day of products, including face non-woven fabrics for masks, melt-blown fabrics and underside non-woven fabrics, at full capacity. The production of meltblown cloth in the industry is about 1-2 tons, even if further expansion of production, but also need to buy equipment and training staff time, but the need to resume the number of small and medium enterprises must be far greater than the number of non-woven enterprises.

One area of ongoing effort is to speed up the qualification process for factories exporting to the domestic market and reduce the time lost due to government controls.

Pengchang town, Xiantao, Hubei Province, is the largest non-woven fabric production base in China. But according to a February 8 report in China Business News, under the premise of having the production qualification of Chinese medical masks as a hard target and having issued a "military warrant" for production, the Enterprise Production Team of XIANTAO'S COVID-19 infectious pneumonia control and Prevention Headquarters has only identified 10 medical protective clothing manufacturers and 28 disposable medical masks manufacturers, as well as 22 for the above-mentioned enterprise production packaging and other supporting production enterprises to produce epidemic prevention and control materials, the rest of the enterprise will be closed.

A local mask manufacturer told Caixin that Xiantao has about three hundred mask factories, and only about 10 percent of them are qualified for domestic medical production. The head of another mask manufacturer that was shut down said, many of the civilian mask manufacturers that were shut down did not fall short of the corresponding production standards, but only because it takes time and money to get certified, so they did not apply for Chinese medical mask production qualification. This obviously did not take full advantage of Xiantao as a non-woven production base capacity advantages.

Relevant regulatory authorities are trying to ease and control, the National Health Commission has previously allowed the temporary use of medical protective materials in line with foreign standards in China. The State Food and Drug Administration also issued a notice calling for faster registration and production licenses for medical protective clothing.

The direction of these broad directions still depends on the local government to the epidemic development trend judgment ability and the response ability.

Dongguan, the "factory of the world" in Guangdong, is one of the cities recognised. After the shortage of face masks, the Market Supervision Bureau in Dongguan launched an emergency product licensing review mechanism, set up an emergency licensing working group, opened a green channel for on-site inspection and licensing approval, and carefully guided enterprises to obtain emergency medical product production licenses, the original nearly 6 months of planning time limit compressed to 2 days, fully support the early resumption of work, rapid conversion, the production of medical front-line shortage of protective materials.

Under the extreme conditions of material shortage, production conditions affected by the epidemic, and shortages of manpower, equipment and raw materials, it can be predicted that, it is very likely that the production and supply of mask materials will not be a task that can be accomplished by centralized management and control from the very beginning, but will require multiple dispersed areas to make full use of the materials and conditions that already exist, in order to meet the demand.

Pengchang town, Xiantao, Hubei Province, is the largest non-woven fabric production base in China. But according to a February 8 report in China Business News, under the premise of having the production qualification of Chinese medical masks as a hard target and having issued a "military warrant" for production, the Enterprise Production Team of XIANTAO'S COVID-19 infectious pneumonia control and Prevention Headquarters has only identified 10 medical protective clothing manufacturers and 28 disposable medical masks manufacturers, as well as 22 for the above-mentioned enterprise production packaging and other supporting production enterprises to produce epidemic prevention and control materials, the rest of the enterprise will be closed.

A local mask manufacturer told Caixin that Xiantao has about three hundred mask factories, and only about 10 percent of them are qualified for domestic medical production. The head of another mask manufacturer that was shut down said, many of the civilian mask manufacturers that were shut down did not fall short of the corresponding production standards, but only because it takes time and money to get certified, so they did not apply for Chinese medical mask production qualification. This obviously did not take full advantage of Xiantao as a non-woven production base capacity advantages.

Relevant regulatory authorities are trying to ease and control, the National Health Commission has previously allowed the temporary use of medical protective materials in line with foreign standards in China. The State Food and Drug Administration also issued a notice calling for faster registration and production licenses for medical protective clothing.

The direction of these broad directions still depends on the local government to the epidemic development trend judgment ability and the response ability.

Dongguan, the "factory of the world" in Guangdong, is one of the cities recognised. After the shortage of face masks, the Market Supervision Bureau in Dongguan launched an emergency product licensing review mechanism, set up an emergency licensing working group, opened a green channel for on-site inspection and licensing approval, and carefully guided enterprises to obtain emergency medical product production licenses, the original nearly 6 months of planning time limit compressed to 2 days, fully support the early resumption of work, rapid conversion, the production of medical front-line shortage of protective materials.

Under the extreme conditions of material shortage, production conditions affected by the epidemic, and shortages of manpower, equipment and raw materials, it can be predicted that, it is very likely that the production and supply of mask materials will not be a task that can be accomplished by centralized management and control from the very beginning, but will require multiple dispersed areas to make full use of the materials and conditions that already exist, in order to meet the demand.

Three sound original content, reprint please contact authorization

Add: SANSHENGSS333

[ business cooperation ] PLUS MICRO-SIGNAL: Sansheng

Add: SANSHENGSS333

[ business cooperation ] PLUS MICRO-SIGNAL: Sansheng

Interview Solicitation

In addition to General Epidemic Prevention and control, Sansheng is also very concerned about the short-term and long-term impact of the epidemic on the industry and practitioners. It is collecting relevant interview information in the hope of providing some help to the industry.

If you are an entrepreneur or practitioner in the entertainment and consumer fields, if you would like to talk to us about the impact of the epidemic on you or your company, or follow-up plans, need help, and so on, you are welcome to contact us.

You can leave a message in the comments section of this article or in the public domain. You can also send an email to sansheng@disansheng.com. Com, leave your contact information and brief introduction, we will contact you the first time.

Let's work together to tide over the difficulties.

In addition to General Epidemic Prevention and control, Sansheng is also very concerned about the short-term and long-term impact of the epidemic on the industry and practitioners. It is collecting relevant interview information in the hope of providing some help to the industry.

If you are an entrepreneur or practitioner in the entertainment and consumer fields, if you would like to talk to us about the impact of the epidemic on you or your company, or follow-up plans, need help, and so on, you are welcome to contact us.

You can leave a message in the comments section of this article or in the public domain. You can also send an email to sansheng@disansheng.com. Com, leave your contact information and brief introduction, we will contact you the first time.

Let's work together to tide over the difficulties.

Click on the image below for more great articles

Give the author a thumbs up

WECHAT SWEEPS UP Praise for author

####Send it to the author

People Admire

Long-press the QR code to transfer the funds to me

WECHAT's iOS version of the APP has been turned off to support public accounts through Qr code transfers due to apple's new rules.

Go to "discover"-"take a look" browse "friends watching"

Sent

####Send it to take a look

Sending

A scan of wechat
Pay attention to the account


-------------
title: Total mask mobilization
source: xiao-fei-xin-sheng-/-san-sheng
authors: _
editors: _
proofreader: _
photographer: _
translator: _
via: https://github.com/2019ncovmemory/nCovMemory
link: https://mp.weixin.qq.com/s/pfG_PEd2LyhA8uExuJOEYQ
archive: http://archive.today/Wl8BL
snapshot: https://github.com/2019ncovmemory/nCovMemory/blob/master/archive/jpg/1700.jpg
lead: The Eight Immortals, or the devil himself?
cover: data:image/jpeg;base64,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
