##30 days in the fitness industry

Micro-signal, Rancaijing

A feature presentation, a daily in depth report, redefines the innovation economy.

The war and epidemic plan for Innovative Economy, a special column launched by Finance and Economics during the new type of pneumonia epidemic, focuses on the new difficulties encountered by enterprises of Innovative Economy and discusses the new countermeasures that should be adopted, hope to help small and medium-sized enterprises together to overcome challenges and seize opportunities.

By Tang Yahua

Editor | Wei Jia

The fitness industry, under the epidemic, is going through a double whammy.

On the one hand, offline stores that cost $20 million a month and have a cash flow of less than 50 days are struggling to survive. On the other hand, the huge demand for fitness is driving the online company's Daily activities and revenue to double. There are also some brands with relatively controllable costs, choose to use live broadcast class and other forms of maintenance users, publicity brand, coaches also began to try to become an internet celebrity.

The sudden epidemic in 2019 has entered the shuffle period of the fitness industry, accelerating the survival of the fittest and reshape the industry pattern is a foregone conclusion.

A number of industry insiders said that the first test in the face of the epidemic is each family's cash flow reserve. At this time, cash-flow-deficient enterprises should try every means to survive, while optimistic enterprises should take advantage of the situation to attack, it will be easier than usual to integrate quality coaching resources and take advantage of positions.

For the explosion of online streaming and other forms of business, more respondents believe that this will become an effective means of drainage propaganda, rather than the mainstream service model and effective business model. Because online experimentation, no matter how it's done, is a process of continuing investment, and most live streaming is free or low cost, the short term benefit to positive cash flow is not obvious. But in the wake of the epidemic, the combination of online and offline will create new competitiveness and new challenges for practitioners.

Store's life and death test

"COST $20 million a month, cash flow up to 50 days. "

Gao Yan, who once owned 75 offline gyms, is anxious.

He has been in the business for more than 20 years and is the founder and CEO of the Golden Age Chain of fitness clubs. At its peak, the Golden Age of 75 stores, an area of 2000-3000 square meters, with swimming pools accounted for more than 60% , mainly in Henan, Jiangsu and other provinces. In 2019, traditional gyms went out of business, and the Golden Age closed more than 20 stores because of a 20% decline in sales.

According to Gao Yan original plan, to personnel, storefront, business optimization, 2020 performance is expected to have a better pick-up, but the outbreak of the epidemic caught him off guard. "I'm in my 50s and 60s, and I've never seen an event on this scale, " Gao said. "For at least two months, almost the whole country's blood-making machine has come to a standstill, which is a big cold for the Chinese economy. ".

He introduced the cost structure of the company to finance and Economics. At the most, there were more than 2,800 employees. At present, there are more than 1,800 employees. The labor cost of the whole company accounts for about 45% , the rent accounts for 15%-20% , the gross profit rate is less than 20% , and the monthly hard cost is more than 20 million. 50 days, tops, if you have no income at all. "A lot of big names say companies need to have enough cash flow for three months. I think this is 'the hungry don't know the hungry' . Private companies may not have more than 1 per cent cash flow for more than three months and are expected to shrink about 10 per cent of their business this year. "

Under the epidemic, many offline business forms are turning online, golden age also launched online live courses, 3-4 classes a day, nearly half a month has 100-200,000 views, attracted about 3,000 new users.

"The online courses have reassured members and staff, but the vast majority of companies are still in the customer maintenance, brand promotion phase, marketing and sales are two concepts, and it will take time for marketing to turn into real sales, " Gao said.

In this situation, Gao is still exploring other ways to save himself. On the one hand, he is coordinating the rent reduction, on the other hand, he is also appealing to the relevant departments to pay attention to the charge standard of water, electricity and heating in the fitness industry.

Image / visual China

"In terms of water and electricity consumption, we are included in the special service water consumption, along with high-end consumption such as bathing centers, which is more than 200 percent higher than ordinary commercial water consumption, and 60 percent of our stores have swimming pools, which are very expensive, " Gao said, this is not fair to the fitness industry, which wants the same standards for water and fuel as ordinary businesses, supported by appropriate subsidies.

As for the personnel aspect, Gao Yan is very confident to the staff.

"In 1998, when I was running a foreign trade company during the Asian financial crisis, there was a lot of turnover, and the employees who stayed behind asked for a pay cut. Looking back, now that such a big crisis has passed, I believe I can do it now, " Gao said, "We have been in business for 22 years, 10-20 per cent of our staff are former members, and more than 300 people in the middle and upper levels have stakes. I am confident that our staff will stand with us through this difficult time. Of course, the company will survive and will not owe anyone. "

According to CEO  Lewis, general manager of China Sports Data and Co founder of lustrous pigsty fitness, before the Spring Festival, his peers were optimistic. Some people thought that the fitness industry would break out after the end of SARS, and this time there should be an opportunity. But as the number of confirmed cases increased, practitioners went from optimistic to relatively optimistic to pessimistic. However, the recent resumption of work at the top intention is clear, the fitness industry is likely to recover ahead of schedule.

He believes that in 2019, the fitness industry has a wave of reshuffle, about 15% of stores due to excessive competition, poor management and closure, this wave hit, there may be 20% of businesses can not survive. "Even if work resumes gradually in March, it could take until April for the crowded gym to recover. But a month later, many stores'cash flow would have dried up. Hubei Province expects to be out of business until June, with more store closures,"Lewis said.

An explosion of pure-line business

"daily revenue doubles, 40,000-50,000 users a day. "

The user's time is certain, the line under the temporary blockade lets part of the line fitness industry ushered in the outbreak.

"since the outbreak, our daily users have risen from more than 200,000 to a peak of 570,000. Previously, many silent users have also been awakened, with an average of 40,000-50,000 new daily users, 70,000-80,000 new daily users at the peak, and revenue has doubled, " Xiong Mingjun, founder and CEO of Wake, told Caijing.

Wake is an online Yoga eco-platform that was the first to offer a paid-for course in Yoga. In July 2019, the company recruited city partners and added the B2B2C model, a content-enabled Yoga Studio. In Layman's terms, Wake packages classes for adults, and sells them to users and city partners, who then sell them to yoga studios and c-end users, who are motivated to cash in on the promotion in the city partner model.

According to Xiong Mingjun, there are two scenes on Wake. One is the online family yoga teaching, the teacher through the APP to complete online community Yoga punching questions and answers, video interactive teaching; the other is the offline Yoga Studio Double Teacher Teaching. Classes are projected on the Wake APP, and Yoga Studios keep one or two teachers on site to guide them. Students who can't go to a yoga studio every day can follow the APP to do yoga at home.

Image / visual China

Such a model for Yoga Studio owners, reduce the cost of teaching, but also can make a sum of money to sell online membership card. With this model, Wake reaches third-and fourth-tier cities that were previously inaccessible to pure-line businesses.

After the outbreak, most yoga studios were temporarily closed, and the demand for home yoga skyrocketed. In his view, the outbreak pushed many users' health awareness, including the concept of Yoga, forward for three to five years. "It's a good thing for us, " he said. "The short-term data is doing well, and the capital markets are coming to us. "

He predicted that the overall offline recovery of the fitness industry should be in June and July, and this time is the dividend period he thinks he should seize, "At the moment, the whole company is working with Mobile Office, the next step is to complete the new data accumulation, business realization and a new round of financing. "

Open online live lesson to save yourself

Coach turned Internet sensation

There is a middle ground, as well as big-store gyms that have been hit hard by the outbreak and new opportunities for online models. Some stores have relatively manageable costs, but businesses that have also been affected are saving themselves by broadcasting their workouts, offering online private lessons, and some coaches are trying to become internet celebrities.

According to the financial organization, the current Keep, Super Gorilla, Le Moment and other Internet fitness brands offline stores are temporarily closed, but each family has launched online live classes, training camps and other online business.

The company has uploaded a large number of videos on both Douyin and Kuaishou, and as of the evening of February 11, the company had conducted 39 live-streaming courses, with total views exceeding 1.1 million across the platform, the company said.

"We don't have a prepaid system, we made a profit last year, and we have ample cash flow. In the short term, the epidemic will have an impact on the passenger flow and revenue of our stores. However, there is a view that after the epidemic is over, there will be a wave of fitness craze in fitness venues, and we are optimistic about the future fitness market, " a person in charge of Le Moment told CNNMONEY.

Keep the focus on the platform approach, together with the early APP, Shape fitness, daily Yoga App, Lululemon and fitness enthusiasts to launch a "live sports during the holiday season" . From the data point of view, has achieved a relatively large attention, the cumulative number of over 50 million participants, cumulative live often reached 100 hours, the peak number of online 160,000 people.

"The starting point of our joint brands is to help users provide as comprehensive a service as possible. At present, it is a social value project. We need to investigate whether the next live broadcast will become the norm and be commercialized, " Li Ruoming, head of public relations at Keep, told CAIJING.

The Super Gorilla has launched a paid-for course, with live streaming of nearly 300,000 people during the Lunar New Year holiday, ranking first on the live streaming platform; by February 10, the Super Orangutan has launched a paid-for course product, "super orangutan stay at home-14-day 'accompany' training camp, " which costs 399 yuan and is fully staffed. According to the upper limit of 30 people per class, 399 yuan per person cost calculation, about 260,000 yuan income.

According to Lewis, the riskiest companies in the industry are of both types. One is a large-scale traditional gym, the cost is particularly high, three months without income companies will go bankrupt, the other type is a single store, rent, manpower are very heavy gym, face great problems. There are also a number of private workshops, their membership is very low, short-term members are afraid to go to the gym, coupled with private workshops last year has begun industry reshuffle, this time is a double blow to them.

However, like the Super Gorilla, Leke, Luguang pigsty fitness type, the overall cost is not high, the human cost is basically a partner system, the base salary pressure is not big, strong ability to deal with risk.

Such as light pigsty fitness currently has 14 direct shop, franchise shop more than 140, according to his introduction, because its single shop area is small, hard cost about tens of thousands of yuan, relatively controllable, the coach used partnership system, the treatment according to business fluctuations. The biggest pressure is the cost of the backstage, the company R & D, Technology and so on a total of more than 140 people, together with a monthly expenditure of several million.

"In terms of online experimentation, one is to do online activities, including pro bono activities and large-scale branding activities, with the aim of giving users a voice and enhancing the brand awareness of their members, while at the same time supporting new means such as recommending customers to be given cards; one is to transition to becoming an internet celebrity; and the other is to train coaches, " he said.

He believes that doing brand activities is necessary, but also a proper business expansion is reasonable. For example, a fitness company in Changsha did a 4-hour cloud disco, which did some pre-sale of fat-reducing products, opened 60 places each in Nanjing and Changsha, and sold them all by the end of the day, reportedly earning about 500,000 yuan. But this approach will not have much effect on some private education institutions, and the epidemic such as "no fitness virus, bad luck is you" and other terrorist marketing has a negative effect.

Taken together, he believes the most important role of these online actions is to give clients a psychological boost, telling them, "I'm fine. After the outbreak is over, focus on your body and come back to our venues for exercise. ".

Accelerated survival of the fittest

Online, offline will be the norm

Huang Yifan, an investor who has long focused on the sports and fitness industry, believes that this epidemic will speed up the process of survival of the fittest in the fitness industry, which began to turn a corner in 2018 and became more pronounced in 2019, the industry is in the process of moving from wild growth to false growth, a process that will be accelerated by the epidemic and exacerbated by companies already at a competitive disadvantage.

Specifically, the impact of the epidemic on enterprises is mainly in terms of cash flow. After the Spring Festival each year, it is one of the best time for the cash flow of the fitness industry throughout the year. Some heavy-selling organizations were able to break out of half a year's sales in March, for such institutions, the impact of the epidemic is even more deadly.

But Opportunities and challenges always coexist, and this outbreak may also have some long-term positive effects for the industry.

Huang Yifan mentioned that under the epidemic, many fitness brands began to try to serve users in an online way, with the treadmill as an example of home exercise equipment access to online traffic has significantly increased; The sportswear brand "Lolita" is also doing well in terms of traffic. "This reflects the fact that some of the new users who were not previously in the habit of exercising have been activated or even converted, whether due to increased health awareness or more free time at home, and may become consumers of offline fitness services after the epidemic. So on the demand side, it's going to be good in the long run, it's going to bounce back."

So, is the transition line easy?

Huang Yifan believes that online services are not a new concept that emerged during the epidemic. In the past few years, enterprises have been exploring the use of online services for users, but it's hard to educate a Lin Bai user to be a long term fitness user online only.

The epidemic has pushed down the cost of education for users, and in the current environment, online services are almost the only option for both old and new users, as long as there is demand for fitness. "The brands that are exploring online services are willing to continue to do so after the epidemic is over. It's actually opening up a new home-based fitness experience. "

However, most live streaming is now free, and services like online private tutoring and online training camps are also relatively cheap to explore and mainly serve existing members. In the short term, no matter how you try to do it online, rather, it is a process of continued investment that does not contribute significantly to positive cash flow. But in his view, online exploration offers opportunities for old users to interact with new users, brand building and long-term value, which will be clearly reflected in the "staying power" of the brand after the epidemic.

"cash-rich companies at this time are a good opportunity to accumulate the strength to prepare for accelerated development. Due to the industry adjustment caused by the epidemic, a number of excellent coaches and high-quality commercial real estate positions may be released, which will also benefit the subsequent expansion of cash-rich and competitive brands, " Huang said.

In Lewis's view, the epidemic has made many operators who previously did not pay attention or even resisted online aware of the importance of online, and many will find that a complete system is more resilient to risk than a single one, "after the epidemic is over, there could be a wave of consolidation in the Chinese fitness industry, with some going out of business and others going under some big brands, with a stronger Matthew effect. "

More than that, will the hot online model become mainstream or a flash in the PAN?

Huang Yifan believes that after the end of the epidemic, the online part will not become the mainstream service form, but more likely to become a supplement to the offline service or form an online-to-offline integrated service way. For example, the original six times a month to offline classes, may become 2 online classes, 4 offline classes combined with self-training of the new form of punching. In the future, the combination of online and offline will form new competitiveness, but also more challenges for practitioners.

* The caption is from visual China. For in-depth reports on the innovative economic war plan, Salon's documentary can be viewed on the public's "war plan" menu.

Have you tried online fitness? How's it going?

You are welcome to leave your story in the comments section, and we will send you a netease cloud music season card from one of the top three likes (over 20) . Please Click on the public number of the menu "reprint cooperation. ".

First-hand Information / Hard Core Report / daily Red Envelope / offline activities! All that's missing is you! Speed Up Wechat rancaijing02 reply "reader" one button on the car!

Have you tried online fitness? How's it going?

You are welcome to leave your story in the comments section, and we will send you a netease cloud music season card from one of the top three likes (over 20) . Please Click on the public number of the menu "reprint cooperation. ".

First-hand Information / Hard Core Report / daily Red Envelope / offline activities! All that's missing is you! Speed Up Wechat rancaijing02 reply "reader" one button on the car!

I think I'm watching it

WECHAT SWEEPS UP Praise for author

####Send it to the author

People Admire

Long-press the QR code to transfer the funds to me

WECHAT's iOS version of the APP has been turned off to support public accounts through Qr code transfers due to apple's new rules.

Go to "discover"-"take a look" browse "friends watching"

Sent

####Send it to take a look

Sending

A scan of wechat
Pay attention to the account


-------------
title: 30 days in the fitness industry
source: Burning Finance
authors: _
editors: _
proofreader: _
photographer: _
translator: _
via: https://github.com/2019ncovmemory/nCovMemory
link: https://mp.weixin.qq.com/s/TAsPAl0W7SjYAWHIXXnLgA
archive: http://archive.ph/nNfiP
snapshot: https://github.com/2019ncovmemory/nCovMemory/blob/master/archive/jpg/1720.jpg
lead: Epidemic pull down the threshold of fitness online, online and offline integration will become normal.
cover: data:image/jpeg;base64,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
