##Hard to give birth and hard to sell, how do apples survive the epidemic?

I-CAIJING

CAIJING magazine official Wechat. "CAIJING" magazine, sponsored by the China Securities Market Research Center, was first published in 1998, adhering to the news concept of "independence, exclusiveness and originality" , and is known for authoritative, impartial and professional reporting, it is a must-read publication for policy-makers, researchers and managers in the field of politics and economics.

The following article was written by Wang Feng

Set up by the Industry Reporting Team of Caijing magazine to study the success and failure of enterprises, explore the rise and fall of industries, and promote sunshine business

Apple has two decompression systems: Online and APP store software sales. But neither is sufficient to fully offset the short-term pressures of the epidemic

By Wang Feng, CAIJING correspondent

Editor | Sheryl Rong

The effects of new coronary pneumonia on apples are becoming more and more apparent.

On Feb. 18, apple announced that the global iPhone supply was strained by the outbreak and that the company had missed its revenue target of $63 billion to $67 billion for the second quarter. Shares of Apple (AAPL.O) fell on the news, falling more than 4% in pre-market trading. Shares were down 1.83 per cent at the close of trading in the US. MARKET CAPITALISATION FELL $1,400 BN. Apple's manufacturing partners in China, all outside Hubei, are still suffering in varying degrees.

Experience stores were the first to be hit by the outbreak. As early as Feb. 1, Apple announced that it would close all its mainland stores until Feb. 9 at 2400 hours, but it did not fully reopen until Feb. 18. In a February 18 memo to employees, Cook admitted that "the [ Chinese ] stores are starting to reopen and the pace of return to normal is slower than expected" .

The outbreak continues, preventing people from entering and leaving retail stores, apple's channels and experience stores from overstocking. On the production side, the uncertainty of the resumption time of work in the contract factories distributed in the mainland provinces is transmitted to the production line step by step, further affecting the mobile phone shipments.

Foxconn's Zhengzhou campus, which takes 90 per cent of global iphone orders, resumed work on February 10, but only about 40-60 per cent of the time. "from a human point of view, everyone is afraid, " an internal director at Foxconn told CAIJING. "When you are on the street, everyone looks like a suspect. ".

The blast wave is likely to continue to spread.

The hardware manufacturers behind apple's hundreds of supply chains provide livelihoods for one million people. An iPhone requires 700 hands and 400 manufacturing processes, ten times as many as an ordinary phone. This has always epitomized the beauty of the iPhone's precision and rigor. Now, the concentration and prolonged exposure of workers on the iPhone line is a big no-no for new cap protection. Apple has had to slow down machinery in all parts of the supply chain and even accelerate supply chain adjustments for the safety of its one million workers.

For a while, apple continued to be grilled about waning consumer enthusiasm, an uncertain resumption rate, and a temporary shutdown of the iPhone supply chain in China. On February 18th Cook said that "the impact on apple will be temporary" , but the reality may be less rosy.

UNSALEABLE, unproduced iPhone

Return to work difficult to bring about production difficult, difficult to bring about sales. Dilemma.

The outbreak first hit apple's 42 retail stores in cities across the country. On Feb. 1, Apple closed all its mainland stores. Since February 10th the recovery in the Apple Store has not been promising.

Apple's (China) official website shows that the five retail outlets in Beijing's Sanlitun, Chaoyang Joy city and other shopping districts have business hours from 11:00 to 18:00(normal business hours are 10:00 to 22:00) , which is the business hours of all apple's retail outlets in China during the epidemic, it's only open seven hours a day. All but five of Shanghai's seven Apple Store and Hong Kong Plaza stores were closed until Feb. 24. Retail Stores in Chengdu, Nanjing and other cities were closed.

In addition to Apple's brick and mortar stores, authorized retailers across the country and agents in towns and counties have also been hit in varying degrees.

Li Weimin in Nanchong, Sichuan Province, runs an offline mobile phone chain with annual sales of more than 100 million yuan. Apple is also an important product for Li Weimin. Spring Festival insisted on opening, but few customers, "at least 600 a day in the past, now shrunk to less than 100. ". Wang Li, a mobile phone retailer in Hebei Province, had also delivered a gloomy forecast to caijing reporters, saying that "the Spring Festival, which would have earned three times as much as normal, is gone and sales will fall by three-quarters in the first quarter. ".

"The figures we have collected from cities, counties and towns are terrible, " Zong Qingkai, an analyst with GFK, a third-party data agency, told CAIJING. "In the first quarter, it all depends on the Spring Festival file, and the Spring Festival sales are basically zero. " We lost most of our men in the first quarter. This is a common problem faced by domestic mobile phone manufacturers.

Demand-side contacts have been artificially blocked by the epidemic, and stocks that were ready years ago continue to pile up without a full recovery. In addition, the supply-side rework rate, but also to reduce the expected iPhone shipments a major constraint.

It is no exaggeration to say that Apple's announcement has strained global iPhone supply and hurt global revenue. Behind the volume of shipments, including Foxconn, pegatron and other major contract factories of the assembly line staff to resume work difficult. At present, they are either on their way back to work, or in quarantine (14 days) after the resumption of work, some are still at home on call. There are very few places where the resumption rate is over 50% .

Take, for example, the Foxconn. Apple's iPhone production in China's largest contract manufacturer, Foshan Hon Hai, is concentrated in foxconn factories in Zhengzhou, Shenzhen and Taiyuan, with a small portion in India. The above-mentioned Foxconn director told the "financial" reporter, the enterprise is under a lot of pressure, the biggest concern is the problem of insufficient staff.

Foxconn Zhengzhou is responsible for the production of the IPHONE 11 series, iPhone SE2 and so on. To motivate and even retain regular employees, fOXCONN's Zhengzhou on February 15th launched the "flu-proof Return Incentive" -- as if IDPBG (Digital products Group, Integrated Digital Product Business Group) , which makes iphones, will award 3,000 yuan to employees in Zhengzhou for returning to work. Those who arrive early have more to do, those who arrive late have less to do.

Normally, this is Foxconn's hot recruitment season, the uncertainty brought by the epidemic, hot scene no longer. FOXCONN ZHENGZHOU IDPBG enterprise group in charge of seasonal recruitment staff told the "CAIJING" reporter, at present, Zhengzhou Foxconn only recruited Zhengzhou registered employees, directly on the post. Other registered permanent residents do not interview for a while. The short-term Labour gap is widening.

Earlier, Reuters quoted people familiar with the matter as saying that Liu Yangwei, foxconn's chairman, had set an internal target of restoring half of China's production capacity by the end of February and 80 percent by March. To ensure the resumption of work, Shenzhen Foxconn Longhua Park has even introduced a mask production line. But an employee of the Industrial Association, which produces face masks, told CAIJING that the recovery rate in his department was less than 20 percent.

The resumption of work at Apple's other foundries is hardly encouraging. Another big contract factory, pegatron, resumed work on Feb. 3, with a 90 percent resumption rate, Tianfeng securities analyst Ming Guo said in a Feb. 9 report. But there is expected to be a wave of departures after February's pay, with the return rate falling to 600 per cent. Heshuo Kunshan, originally scheduled to resume work on February 10, has been delayed for several days, with a resumption rate of only 40-60% .

Difficult to produce, difficult to sell, this is indeed apple's current big problem. But is this a problem for apple alone? Apparently not. This is a problem for the entire mobile phone industry.

Demand-side and supply-side double down, making the overall mobile phone market contraction. In the first quarter of 2020, shipments of smartphones in China will fall by more than 50 percent, the third-party data company Strategy Analytics said in a recent forecast, compared with 30 percent in a Feb. 1 report. The interval was less than twenty days.

Zong maintained his previous market forecast for CAIJING reporters that retail sales of mobile phones would fall by 40 per cent in the first quarter and by at least 20 per cent in the second. Guo's report predicts that iPhone shipments will fall by 10 percent in the first quarter of 2020, to between 36 million and 40 million units.

In addition to the IPHONE, production of products such as AirPods and laptops has been hit to varying degrees.

According to Apple's (China) official website, AirPods'expected shipping date is still a working day, and the new product, AirPods Pro, launched in the fall of 2019, has been extended to four weeks. The company, which makes AirPods, has been back to work in batches since Feb. 10, with no clear date for full resumption.

Foxconn makes laptops, ipads and Apple watches in Chengdu. The campus announced a full resumption of work on Feb. 10, but fewer than 20,000 workers were in place, and a foxconn employee in Chengdu told Caijing that production capacity could not keep up.

Is Online, APP store a pain killer?

Hardware offline sales channels shock, a buffer is online sales channels.

In the third quarter of 2019,27 percent of China's smartphone sales were online, up 3 percentage points from the first quarter, according to Counterpoint, a third-party market research firm. Apple has 9% of the online smartphone market.

Following the release of the Iphone 11 series in the fourth quarter, apple relied on online discounts to promote its products and clear out its inventory of older iphones. A batch of netizen is in inertial roast new product hind big"really fragrant". In the fourth quarter of 2019, apple shipped 12.4 million iphones in China, up 4.8 percent from a year earlier, and its market share rose 2.8 percent from a year earlier, according to IDC, an international data company.

In the past fiscal years of 2017,2018 and 2019, the iPhone accounted for 60.78 percent, 62.08 percent and 54.73 percent of Apple's revenue, respectively. Apple's net revenue and net profit rose 9% and 11% in the first quarter of 2020 from a year earlier, helped by lower iPhone prices and an increase in online channels. But the mobile-phone business still accounts for more than half (60.94 per cent) of revenue. Of this total, revenue for Greater China was $13.578 billion, up $419 million from the same period last year.

The impact of the epidemic in the second quarter, the impact will be obvious. It is still difficult to use data to assess whether apple's online sales partially offset the decline in offline sales during the epidemic.

Many analysts told Caijing that the negative impact of the epidemic on the economy will eventually spread to consumers'pockets, and the public's willingness to spend on non-essential items such as mobile phones will generally be reduced or delayed. In addition, offline is still an important sales channel for apple, and online sales can not fully offset the loss of offline sales.

The other buffer zone APP store is much more useful.

In contrast to offline hardware production, revenue at Apple's APP store rose 23 percent in January from a year earlier and 6 percent from a month earlier, according to Sensor Tower, a third party data analysis firm.

This is the result of the longest holiday and the most shut-in Spring Festival that the epidemic has brought to people. From Jan. 23, the total daily time spent by internet-wide users has increased from 5 billion, according to Questmoblie's "battle of the Internet in China" report, it soared to 5.76 billion hours (live on Vulcan Mountain on January 24) and 6.11 billion hours (first day at home on February 3) .

The stickiness of Apple's APP store itself is high, and the potential premium rate and frequency of use that the "home economy" brings to the APP store will probably make up for some of the lost iPhone sales. However, Apple's services business accounted for 17.79 percent of revenue in fiscal 2019, and its services revenue fell to 13.85 percent in the first quarter of 2020. For Apple, which still relies on hardware for most of its revenue, the APP store's revenue gains are not enough to fully offset the strain on iPhone and other product lines.

Wearables can spread some of the risk of reduced iPhone supply and demand. In the fourth quarter of 2019, Cook called Airpods, the Apple Watch and Beats "explosive growth" . In its fiscal first quarter of 2020, Apple's wearable devices, such as AirPods and Apple Watch, grew 44 percent. Of these, 75% of Apple Watch users are new. But, as noted above, hardware devices that account for more than 80% of revenue suffer varying degrees of impact, and rework rates will also affect shipments of these products.

Taken together, apple still needs to clear its inventory and keep track of future shipments.

The chain reaction doesn't stop there. Although the World Health Organization (WHO) does not list China as an epidemic area, but rather as a "PHEIC" , many countries have recently chosen to warn travelers to China, that could affect apple employees'travel plans to China and, in turn, the pace of new product development.

2020 is the year of the 5G phone, the year of the explosion. However, due to the outbreak, apple's 2020 product validation and mass production time may be delayed. If the outbreak continues, apple will have to delay the introduction of new materials or reduce component testing requirements in order to shorten the verification process.

For domestic supply chain enterprises, the impact of the outbreak is likely to be deep-seated. Apple could accelerate the decentralization of its supply chain. An executive at a contract manufacturing company told Caijing that the Labor impact was just the beginning. The impact of the outbreak is uncertain, with best expectations for a return to 80 per cent capacity in early March and worst-case scenarios for May. Then, Foxconn, pegatron and other foundries overseas production capacity layout will accelerate, "apple in China's chain-breaking effect began. ".

Of Apple's 200 largest global suppliers (2019 edition) , 86 are from Taiwan, mainland China and Hong Kong. It makes up 43% of apple's supply chain. Hon Hai began making new iphones in India last year, but has limited overall capacity to make up for and buffer the outbreak.

In response to the labor shortage, apple's first plan is to urge domestic contract manufacturers to speed up the resumption of production. A 15-to 20-day delivery delay is tolerable, and if it is more than 30 days, apple is likely to launch options to maximize overseas capacity in places such as India. "The old apple models originally made in China are the first to be transferred, and if the impact of the epidemic persists, overseas factories may also be considered for the follow-up of the new models. ". Added the contract manufacturing executive.

Apple has recognized the risk of over-concentration of its supply chain in China and has pushed the chain to move to Southeast Asia and India as early as five years ago, only to be delayed by the immaturity of local industrial workers and inadequate facilities. In addition, the sino-us trade war is still going on, and "reviving American manufacturing" remains Donald Trump's political capital. When the two phases overlap, the subtle changes in the supply chain will manifest more quickly.

However, Wu Yiwen, an analyst at Strategy Analytics, told Caijing that apple's market share in China may decline, but China's overall manufacturing capacity is irreplaceable in the short term. The impact is more short-term, apple industry chain maturity, will also play a certain buffer.

Read more about the outbreak in pictures

Editor in chief | Lilijiang Jiang Jiang@caijing. COM.CN
This is an original article from CAIJING magazine, which can not be reproduced or mirrored without authorization. For reprinting, please leave a message at the end of the article to request and obtain authorization.

Editor in chief | Lilijiang Jiang Jiang@caijing. COM.CN

This is an original article from CAIJING magazine, which can not be reproduced or mirrored without authorization. For reprinting, please leave a message at the end of the article to request and obtain authorization.

Go to "discover"-"take a look" browse "friends watching"

Sent

####Send it to take a look

Sending

A scan of wechat
Pay attention to the account


-------------
title: Hard to give birth and hard to sell, how do apples survive the epidemic?
source: cai-jing-za-zhi-/-cai-jing-shi-yi-ren
authors: _
editors: _
proofreader: _
photographer: _
translator: _
via: https://github.com/2019ncovmemory/nCovMemory
link: https://mp.weixin.qq.com/s/cIFH7lWAUQoTNf89zo8JwQ
archive: http://archive.today/8CZzd
snapshot: https://github.com/2019ncovmemory/nCovMemory/blob/master/archive/jpg/1723.jpg
lead: Apple has two decompression systems: Online and APP store software sales. But neither is sufficient to fully offset the short-term pressures of the epidemic
cover: data:image/jpeg;base64,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
