##He gathers AIDS patients and donates drugs to the new champions

Weixin Quanmingushi

Functional Introduction, in fact, everyone's story is breathtaking.

“
Whether it is AIDS or new pneumonia infected people, we all hope that more people can survive.

“

Whether it is AIDS or new pneumonia infected people, we all hope that more people can survive.

The 442nd story of the plan for all the people --

One

On Jan. 26, the National Institutes of Health released the third version of its COVID-19 pneumonia treatment plan, which includes the recommended use of "Lopinavitonavir" twice a day for oral drug therapy.

With the medicine, there's still a chance.

It's just that the name of the mouthful drug might be hard for the average person to understand, but the squirrel knows what it is, and he's been dealing with AIDS for eight years.

Ritonavir has another, more memorable name -- Harvard University.

There are many kinds of AIDS drugs, doctors will be based on each person's physical situation to build a combination, this is known as "cocktail therapy. ".

In 2012, just before graduating from college, the Squirrel received his own HIV diagnosis report card. At that time, he felt, "Beijing of ten million people, a person who can talk is not. ". The doctor of Concord Hospital pacified him: "Take Medicine, it is the same as hepatitis B, but a chronic disease. "

After a brief period of depression, the squirrel went to Guangzhou, became a white-collar office worker, lived by the rules every day, and every three months went to the designated hospital to "punch in" -- as if to get his medicine. The medication worked well, and he was in the same physical condition as a healthy person.

For more than three of the eight years since the diagnosis, squirrels have been eating cleats.

As a free drug, cleats also have their own limitations, to eat twice a day, some people will have diarrhea. "Many patients will choose self-financed drugs with few side effects if they can. "

In 2017, the squirrel settled in Zhengzhou, far from the big cities, so he could spend more time with his family. But there are some inconveniences, such as having to wait in line for a long time to get the medicine. Not everyone is able to make time, and some may miss the day to pick up the medicine for business or other reasons.

These drugs are rationed, you miss them, you lose them, they don't give you more.

Squirrel gradually found that he was not the only one with similar problems, so he launched a mutual help platform that year to help infected people take out unused drugs and lend them to those in need of an emergency.

"This is a very rich group, with a wide range of occupations, age groups and income levels, " said the loan-takers, who range from white-collar workers on business trips to students returning home on holidays

The so-called "borrowing" process does not require face-to-face contact, but only through group members on the Internet to communicate with each other, to know who has the extra drugs and then send them by express delivery.

Squirrel is the heart of the group. He is smart, knows English, and is considerate. With his help, people from far and wide can borrow medicine from the mutual aid platform.

Today, members of the peer-to-peer platform are in more than 30 cities across the country.

On January 23, the day of the city closure in Wuhan, an AIDS patient in Wuhan asked him for help: "can't go out, can I borrow medicine? " This is the first signal for help.

On receiving the news, the Squirrel handed the last of the packages to the courier, easing the tension a little. Ready to finish this time, a brief Spring Festival.

At that time, there were several express deliveries to Wuhan, and now I hope they can receive them.

Two

Cleats, the trade name given to Protease inhibitor Litteau tablets by a domestic drug company, is used to lower the activity of the protease that inhibits the replication of the virus in cells, for the purpose of curing disease.

Since 2000, Ropinavir and Litteau have been used as antiretroviral therapy for HIV.

Before the National Institutes of health listed Kleenex as a treatment for new coronary pneumonia, squirrels and members of the mutual aid platform received similar news on January 22.

At 11:39 p.m. on Jan. 22, Peking University First Hospital, the chief of respiratory and critical care medicine, posted a tweet. In the first line of the epidemic he was diagnosed on the 21st with a new coronary pneumonia, with rich medical experience, he was in isolation ward for self-treatment, taking the drug is cleats.

Dr. Wang Guangfa's microblog | from the Internet

The Squirrel's first reaction was that a lot of people might not get the medicine. Unless it is to take this drug AIDS infected, do not say ordinary people, even medical staff do not necessarily know.

For AIDS patients, there is a mature alternative to Klebsiella, and for patients with new pneumonia, Klebsiella may be life-saving. The drug is not available in general hospitals and pharmacies, and has poor circulation, making it inaccessible to most people.

"We can donate our unused drugs to people in need, " the squirrel suggested to members of the support platform. There were many voices on the support platform that said, "let's do it! "

"We hope that more people will survive, whether they have AIDS or new pneumonia, " said the squirrel. "Our community has not been understood and recognized, but now that the epidemic is under way, we should also do something to help society, " said a user who donated medicine to the Squirrel

In order to let more people have access to the medicine, at noon on January 28, the Squirrel posted a dynamic on Weibo, raising idle drugs from the entire network of AIDS patients and providing them free to new patients with coronary pneumonia, a patient must provide medical credentials, a confirmed case report, or a prescription.

Squirrels are not immune to the risks of doing so, but the drug itself is free and there is no risk of counterfeiting. Only during the donation process, someone on the mutual platform who is familiar with the law warned: "We have no right to donate to doctors, nor do doctors have the right to take donated drugs directly to patients. "

After much discussion, the group decided to give the drug directly to the patient. "We checked that private donations from individuals to individuals are legal, " the Squirrel said

Three

At around 8:30 p.m. on January 28, the first patient with new pneumonia was contacted by a squirrel.

The other is a third-class hospital in Wuhan a doctor. He sent over the medical certificate and the NUCLEIC ACID test results. By the next day, more than 30 people had registered with the Squirrel for help.

"That's when it gets busy, " says Squirrel, who organizes volunteers in support groups, some for audits and some for drugs, and acts as a middleman himself.

THE FIRST DONATIONS OF KLEENEX | CREDIT:

Since January 29, squirrels have been receiving bottles of Kleenex from all over the country, including one, two, and as far away as a Taiwanese AIDS patient, who donated five bottles at a time.

One person handles more than 30 packages, leaving squirrels with little time to sleep for days at a time.

We need to separate and package the drugs we receive. He calculated: "according to the Health Commission to the program, a person's quantity is 14 days, twice a day, once two tablets, a bottle of the original domestic factory for two new crown patients, a bottle of the Indian version for only one person. "

After packaging, the next step is to send it to Wuhan. Most of the delivery has been stopped, the squirrel found the only business is still SF express, the other side a listen to Wuhan waved his hand: "Now the capacity is not enough, all the relief supplies to go. "

"This is the relief material, " said the squirrel to the other side. Finally, he communicated with the headquarters of SF Express, and the other party agreed to send the drugs to Wuhan in accordance with the standards of disaster relief supplies.

At this time in Wuhan, express delivery stopped, the earliest 23rd to send out the drugs, the recipient had to go to the division since. There is also the question of how to deliver drugs to new patients, especially those still under medical quarantine.

At this time, a friend to the Squirrel introduced the spider (Weibo Id: Spider Monkey Bread) .

Spiders love hiking, as far as Africa, but also to shoot video, after the closure of Wuhan, he wore a mask, while doing volunteers, while driving to shoot "Wuhan closed diary. ".

A friend introduced them. Squirrel asked each other bluntly: "Can you help to deliver medicine to the new coronary pneumonia patients? "

The spider did not immediately agree down, "this is a prudent thing, HIV and new coronavirus, different drugs can be generic, the drug is legal? "

But when he got up the next day, Spider said yes to the squirrel, because the squirrel had given him a list of doctors, not just this one doctor, from the third-grade Hospital in Wuhan, and a quarter of the medical staff were on the list of people who applied for drugs from the Squirrel.

On the morning of February 1,2020, the first batch of medicine for eight people was delivered to Spider's home in Guanggu, Wuhan, on his way from Wuchang, via Hankou, and then to Hanyang.

"three of the eight were front-line medical staff. "

From the first batch, the collected medicines were distributed one after another, "He couldn't have done it on his own without the help of online and offline volunteers, " said Squirrel. "especially thanks to the local volunteers in Wuhan. "

Soon, the squirrel hand medicine ran out, after all, is the AIDS patients idle medicine, there can not be too much surplus, and his application to the list of drugs has been more than 80, "have to find a way to get new drugs. "

The Squirrel turned to India. Demand for AIDS drugs in India has grown strongly over the past decade.

After contacting a pharmaceutical factory in India and ordering more than 300 boxes of Kleenex, the Squirrel posted on Weibo: "there is a batch of medicine from India that needs to be brought back to China. WHO CAN HELP? "

A group of hikers returning from India contacted the Squirrel at this time and promised to bring him back, but because of the large number, can only bring back a batch first.

But just after returning home from India, the road was cut off, and the epidemic became so severe that countries began to close direct flights to mainland Chinese cities. Squirrels had to target Hong Kong, which was then still open.

Trouble ensued on February 7,2020, when the first shipment of Kleenex from India arrived in Hong Kong. Hong Kong announced that it would begin closing the border on February 3, urging people to return and leave only the necessary supply routes.

In this case, it was a charity called the hope group that helped the squirrel. "They also provide drugs to infected health care workers. ".

I want the team to recite over 100 copies by hand. Then Hong Kong's shipping stopped. February 9, from the Indian version of cleats arrived in Zhengzhou, and the fastest speed to Wuhan.

300 medicines packed in boxes ordered from India

Four

For people who need drugs to contact squirrels on Weibo, the Squirrel's reply is usually straightforward: "Give me the address and credentials. " He can't solve their emotional panic.

They left their contact information and added it to Wechat, where the squirrel quickly made his opening statement, then passed the information on to the volunteers in charge of the review, who then ranked everyone who needed it.

As for the possible side effects, the squirrel also warned them: "Don't give it to a doctor in a protective suit, it will be inconvenient. " There are medical and ethical risks associated with treating patients with antiviral drug pneumonia with unproven drugs. The Squirrel didn't think much of it, and he was willing to take the risk.

About the side effects caused by the drug, some people online discussion retort: "side effects and life, which you choose? " There are individual patients, even get the drug dare not take, "especially they know the drug is to treat AIDS after. "

As the donations gained traction, questions began to appear online about the Squirrel's drug delivery: "You're not a doctor, why would you give a prescription to a patient? "

"I don't have statistics, " he said. "Overall, 70 percent is effective, mainly in early, mild cases. "

During this period, the Squirrel also encountered an accident, his wechat was suddenly blocked, "some people apply for not get the medicine, go to the backstage report, Wechat was blocked. "

Feedback from patients after taking medication

Online attacks and questions about squirrels continue unabated. Some people spread the rumor that the medicine supplied by the Squirrel is to be paid for. At that time, there were indeed illegal vendors selling chocolate cheese on the Internet, at one point up to 4,000 yuan a bottle.

"If you have proof that I sell drugs, please take it out, " the Squirrel confronted the rumormonger. "I saw it on Wechat. "

The Squirrel felt angry for the first time and gave the other person an ultimatum. "I don't care where you read it. If you know anything about the rumormonger, please tell me. I will go through the judicial process. "

It is only in its rare spare time that the squirrel has the energy to respond to online public opinion, and most of the time, he is still trying to find a way to donate medicine. The first batch of Indian medicine only solved the immediate problem. Squirrel had ordered more than 300 copies from India.

More than 300 new orders were due to arrive in the country on February 10th, but the problem this time was being held up by customs.

The Squirrel was very worried: "The customs people said they needed a drug import permit to let them through. At present, I have to go to the hospital of the recipient unit, get the receiving materials from the hospital, and then go to the Provincial Drug Administration Bureau to get a drug import permit. "

The rules are the rules, and even though customs officials know that squirrels deliver life-saving drugs, they have to prove it when they clear more than 300 customs passes at a time.

The Squirrel did not blame the customs officers. "They gave me a lot of ideas, too. " The problem ended up with Indian drug dealers. "They process documents too slowly. "

In those days when he could not get the medicine, Squirrel had to change his signature to "no cleats at present, please forgive me" .

At the end of the interview, Squirrel said, "It would be great if this campaign could change the public's prejudice against the AIDS community. If it can't, we don't have to. We just want to save one person and do our part. "

On February 19, Squirrel received another 100 boxes of Kleenex, which can be supplied to 150 people, all of which are provided free of charge. He resumed his busyness.

By Dashi Wang, Short video director

Editor | Pu Moshi

▼

The national story project is looking for anyone with a story

Tell the story you care about and send it

tougao@quanmingushi.com

Once the story was published, it was paid 300-1,000 yuan for each thousand words

Please support the National Story Project, Click here

Go to "discover"-"take a look" browse "friends watching"

Sent

####Send it to take a look

Sending

A scan of wechat
Pay attention to the account


-------------
title: He gathers AIDS patients and donates drugs to the new champions
source: quan-min-gu-shi-ji-hua
authors: _
editors: _
proofreader: _
photographer: _
translator: _
via: https://github.com/2019ncovmemory/nCovMemory
link: https://mp.weixin.qq.com/s/SkQFTnpXLY7oAgy3KXRDaQ
archive: https://archive.is/8k3bT
snapshot: https://github.com/2019ncovmemory/nCovMemory/blob/master/archive/jpg/2160.jpg
lead: One more person, one more helping hand.
cover: data:image/jpeg;base64,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
