##Special Drugs and vaccines are not the only weapons in the fight against an epidemic

Lifeweek

Features an introduction to a magazine and the life he advocates.

The crisis is yet another reminder of how much remains to be done in public health, from government to society to the public.

Author | Zhu Jiming Chengfeng (Center for Public Health Research, School of Medicine, Tsinghua University)

Editor | Jing Xu

Author | Zhu Jiming Chengfeng (Center for Public Health Research, School of Medicine, Tsinghua University)

Editor | Jing Xu

Drugs and vaccines may not be "specific"

In an epidemic, the public expects specific drugs and vaccines. In the face of disease, this is the natural first reaction of people. But if you look at history from the perspective of health economics, from a public health perspective, drugs and vaccines are not necessarily "magic" .

The graph below depicts the evolution of mortality from four infectious diseases. The late arrival of "wonder drugs or vaccines" for measles, scarlet fever and typhoid has had little or no effect on the overall reduction in mortality.

Figure 1: STANDARDIZED DEATH RATES PER 1,000 population for four infectious diseases in the United States

(excerpted from Folland S, Goodman A, Stano m. The Economics of Health and Healthcare, 7th edition. Upper Saddle River: Pearson Education, INC, 2013, p. 90.)

History tells us that, in most cases, effective medical intervention usually comes about only after a significant reduction in mortality. Many well-known scholars have studied the contribution of medical care to health, and found that it is surprisingly likely to be as much as 10% , or as little as 20% (mcgovern net al, 2014) . We are not trying to play up the fact that medical research and practice are not important; on the contrary, they are extremely important and valuable. But understanding the limitations of medicine and science is also an important scientific accomplishment; understanding the ignorance and smallness of human beings is the first step to gaining wisdom and power.

At Hanyang Hospital, patients with nowhere to go are hanging bottles by the side of the road. | Hwang woo-suk

We must admit the fact that in the face of disease, people first think of "conquest" , however, even many people do not think that "flu" has never been "conquered" . Two years ago, an online documentary titled "middle-aged Beijing under Flu" recorded the experience of a patient. From the hair dryer to the "cold runny nose, " he eventually adopted the ECMO rescue story that has been mentioned several times in news of the outbreak over the past 29 days. In fact, rigorous research shows that the annual number of Influenza-associated excess respiratory disease deaths in China is 84,000 to 92,000(Li et AL, 2019) , influenza-associated respiratory disease deaths worldwide are estimated at between 290,000 and 650,000 a year (Iuliano et Al. , 2018) . If it weren't for the new pneumonia, few people would be paying attention to these flu deaths, even if they were more alarming in some dimensions than the new pneumonia. Ironically, these studies, which were meant to remind us to focus on prevention, are now being used instead to soothe our fears.

Since health care contributes only 10% to health, what are the other determinants of health? Studies have shown that behavior contributes about 40% to health (Mcginnis et AL, 2002) . For example, smoking is an act, a significant proportion of public health professionals are engaged in tobacco control, and authoritative studies have shown that tobacco contributes up to 18 per cent of deaths (Mokdavet AL, 2004) . I don't need to look up any literature to say with confidence that tobacco kills far more Chinese people every day than the current total number of deaths from the epidemic. At this stage of the epidemic, we do not have strong evidence to establish a link between NCP and smoking. But a descriptive analysis of data from 99 patients admitted to Wuhan Jinyintan hospital between January 1 and 20 in The Lancet, the first two patients to die had a long history of smoking (Chenet Al, 2020) . New Crown Pneumonia is also pneumonia, the discussion of pneumonia rarely mention smoking control is just, there are many articles openly promote smoking helps to prevent new crown pneumonia many "theory" . Why don't we quit smoking, control our behavior, and take responsibility for ourselves, but insist on being cured when we get sick?

Chinese people are used to going straight to the clinic of a big hospital when they get sick. Besides, when we see a doctor, we like to feel like a real thing -- like a prescription or a bottle of water. I have a relative, once I saw him very upset from the hospital back, because the doctor did not give him medicine, he felt wasted to see a doctor. Yes, if the doctor tells us to drink more water, rest more, hand hygiene, Sneeze Etiquette, stay at home, and so on, we don't think it's an effective medical prescription. Finally, someone told us that there was something "real" about Shuanghuanglian, so we wore masks and heroically pushed our way through the long lines under the threat of the new coronavirus.

Expedition photography

We need to make up for in public health

Scientists are eagerly expected to crack the virus in the laboratory, watching hotly as doctors in the fields of breathing, critical care medicine, emergency care, infection, and so on rush to the front line. In Times of crisis, public health seems to be lacking. People don't understand what public health is and what it does. In fact, the prevention and control of the above mentioned diseases, behavioral science, including the public health activities, all belong to the category of public health.

Scientists around the world are currently working around the clock to create the spectacle of a vaccine being made available and used during a severe outbreak. Antiviral drug's entry into clinical trials has also raised hopes of a cure. But looking back at the SARS epidemic, it was urgent to develop a vaccine and many breakthroughs were made. After SARS, the development of specific drugs and vaccines seemed useless, there was no market for them, there was no economic incentive, so much research did not go on, which may now seem a pity. From the angle of health policy, this needs the government's strategic investment and support.

This time, there were multiple hospital-acquired infections. This relates to occupational health and Hospital Management, which are areas of public health. In the new crown pneumonia epidemic, we also saw some people forget the true, good and beautiful nature of human nature, brutally check Wuhan Vehicles, surround Wuhan people, cause people to worry about ethics. Ethical issues are also one of the most important areas of public health research, and every decision to deal with a major public health crisis is fraught with ethical tradeoffs.

Of particular concern is the importance that public health attaches to the establishment of a complete system of medical and health services. Our country is looking back on the achievements of the new round of reform, which began in 2009. A big reflection on the evaluation of the reform in the past decade is the weakness of primary care (Yip et al, 2019) . The fact that the majority of quality health care resources are in level III hospitals reinforces these practices, and people are used to skipping primary care and going directly to Level III hospitals. The medical service and the behavior of seeking medical treatment are in a disorder state.

Medical Staff of Wuhan Shelter Hospital | expedition photography

China's public health and clinical lack of cooperation and coordination. In recent years, a lot of health management projects have been established, and a variety of health check-up institutions have mushroomed. Health Management, prevention, screening, all wonderful public health words. The real screening in public health, however, is not just a test. If different clinical combinations of so-called "screening" are not followed up, with no diagnosis and effective intervention, many screening tests may not only be useless, but also harmful. Many of our public health services in the "screening" out of the problem, we need to assess their own patients, go around to find a hospital, find a doctor. Such a defense is weak. In short, what we lack is an integrated, people-centered health care system.

Such a disorderly system results in a loss of efficiency and a heavy burden, resulting in neither patient satisfaction nor efficacy. If we carefully comb through the middle-aged Beijing with flu mentioned above, we will find that the patient has traveled to five hospitals in 29 days and needs to coordinate beds and accompany himself, even some equipment and drugs (such as monitors and Duffy) , as well as the depth of the "blood donation" and a series of problems. At a cost of at least 380,000 yuan (our study's estimate) , the patient is still dead, and even the question of whether to go to a funeral home or the morgue after death is still in a state of confusion. This is a vivid daily portrait of a broken health-care system, much as it is today in the early days of the NCP epidemic.

Wuhan has many top three hospitals that we are proud of. No more powerful top three hospitals have quality basic medical care to share, no integrated medical system to coordinate in an orderly manner, the vulnerability of a megacity with a population larger than that of New York and London is easy to imagine. It's dangerous to have so many patients crammed into outpatient clinics in big hospitals, and it's devastating to the staff. Moreover, the big three hospitals, which already have thousands or even tens of thousands of beds, can not take in so many patients. Out of desperation, designated hospitals can only receive critically ill patients; Although many patients have been "screening" , but in this system is still like a food stall consumers, many patients with mild disease became the new coronavirus "mobile source of infection. As a result, more and more people have become mild illness, more and more people with mild illness became seriously ill. The chaos of the epidemic was just a one-month concentration of health-care services and their corresponding visits to doctors.

At the end of January, the emergency center of Zhongnan Hospital of Wuhan University received new severe cases of coronary pneumonia. Photo by Cai Xiaochuan

Similarly, when an outbreak has occurred, the first line of thinking for a hospital-led system remains to build a large hospital. Of course, under the existing system, the epidemic has progressed to this point, the establishment of a variety of small Tangshan hospital is also necessary. The world has been amazed by the speed with which large hospitals have been built, but a rethinking of the health care system requires an orderly, hierarchical, integrated system and network to fight any epidemic or outbreak. After the initial impact on large hospitals and their staff, Wuhan mobilized communities to try to carry out grading diagnosis and treatment, and then established a shelter hospital. These major initiatives have played an important role in containing the spread of the epidemic and have put into practice many of the concepts of public health and primary care. Shelter Hospital is by the Exhibition Center, Gymnasium and other temporary reconstruction, can be built in a day, it is of course in many functions can not rival infectious disease specialist hospital. But it does, in fact, provide primary care in times of disease.

2,000 beds are ready in the living room of Wuhan, one of the three shelter hospitals under construction in Wuhan, Feb. 4,2020. Expedition photography

Finally, the entire health care system has become orderly, grass-roots community comprehensive "screening" , the shelter hospital is responsible for patients with mild illness, designated hospitals to treat patients with severe illness.

Building such an integrated emergency health care system has come at a huge cost, with the hope that these ideas will remain in the health care system we operate on a daily basis after the epidemic is over.

(Note: The original article, invisible public health in the new crown pneumonia epidemic, was published in the public number of Tsinghua University School of Medicine on February 11. With the authorization and participation of the original author, it was edited and published in the public number of Sanlian life weekly.)

References
Chen N, Zhou M, Dong X, et al. Epidemiological and clinicalcharacteristics of 99 cases of 2019 novel coronavirus pneumonia in Wuhan,China: a descriptive study. Lancet 2020 January 29 (Epub ahead of print).
Iuliano AD, Roguski KM, Chang HH, et al. Estimates of global seasonalinfluenza-associated respiratory mortality: a modelling study. Lancet 2018;391: 1285-300.
Li L, Liu Y, Wu P, et al. Influenza-associated excess respiratorymortality in China, 2010–15: a population-based study. Lancet Public Health 2019; 4: e473-81.
Rico. Middle-aged Beijing with flu. 2018. Https://mp.weixin.qq.com/s/fqj0nypumvkpqhkomqd8hg（accessed  , 2020
Mcginnis JM, Williams-Russo P, Knickman JR. The Case For More ActivePolicy Attention To Health Promotion. Health Affairs 2002; 21: 78-93.
McGovern L, Miller G, Hughes-Cromwlck P. The Relative Contribution ofMultiple Determinants to Health Outcomes. Researchers continue to study themany interconnected factors that affect people’s health. Health Affairs 2014.
Mckinlay JB,  Mckinlay SM. TheQuestionable Contribution of Medical Measures to the Decline of Mortality inthe United States in the Twentieth Century. The Milbank Memorial FundQuarterly. Health and Society 1977; 55: 405-28.

Mokdad A, Marks JS, Stroup DF, et al. Actual Causes of Death in theUnited States, 2000. JAMA 2004; 10: 1238–45.Yip W, Fu H, Chen AT, et al. 10years of health-care reform in China: progress and gaps in Universal HealthCoverage. Lancet 2019; 394: 1192-204.

References

Chen N, Zhou M, Dong X, et al. Epidemiological and clinicalcharacteristics of 99 cases of 2019 novel coronavirus pneumonia in Wuhan,China: a descriptive study. Lancet 2020 January 29 (Epub ahead of print).

Iuliano AD, Roguski KM, Chang HH, et al. Estimates of global seasonalinfluenza-associated respiratory mortality: a modelling study. Lancet 2018;391: 1285-300.

Li L, Liu Y, Wu P, et al. Influenza-associated excess respiratorymortality in China, 2010–15: a population-based study. Lancet Public Health 2019; 4: e473-81.

Rico. Middle-aged Beijing with flu. 2018. Https://mp.weixin.qq.com/s/fqj0nypumvkpqhkomqd8hg（accessed  , 2020

Mcginnis JM, Williams-Russo P, Knickman JR. The Case For More ActivePolicy Attention To Health Promotion. Health Affairs 2002; 21: 78-93.

McGovern L, Miller G, Hughes-Cromwlck P. The Relative Contribution ofMultiple Determinants to Health Outcomes. Researchers continue to study themany interconnected factors that affect people’s health. Health Affairs 2014.

Mckinlay JB,  Mckinlay SM. TheQuestionable Contribution of Medical Measures to the Decline of Mortality inthe United States in the Twentieth Century. The Milbank Memorial FundQuarterly. Health and Society 1977; 55: 405-28.

Mokdad A, Marks JS, Stroup DF, et al. Actual Causes of Death in theUnited States, 2000. JAMA 2004; 10: 1238–45.Yip W, Fu H, Chen AT, et al. 10years of health-care reform in China: progress and gaps in Universal HealthCoverage. Lancet 2019; 394: 1192-204.

Please stamp → a series of reports on new pneumonia in Sanlian life weekly

The Copyright of the article belongs to "Sanlian life weekly" all, welcome to forward to friends circle, reprint open white please contact backstage. Without consent, strictly prohibited to reprint the site, APP, etc. .

Scanning code to order a new title special issue
The Battle of Wuhan

Click to read the original article, go to the weekly bookstore, and buy the new pneumonia special issue combination

Go to "discover"-"take a look" browse "friends watching"

Sent

####Send it to take a look

Sending

A scan of wechat
Pay attention to the account


-------------
title: Special Drugs and vaccines are not the only weapons in the fight against an epidemic
source: TRIPLEX weekly
authors: _
editors: _
proofreader: _
photographer: _
translator: _
via: https://github.com/2019ncovmemory/nCovMemory
link: https://mp.weixin.qq.com/s/lOvTs5aPpg6Y83s9SbO85g
archive: http://archive.today/ZnwgB
snapshot: https://github.com/2019ncovmemory/nCovMemory/blob/master/archive/jpg/1730.jpg
lead: The crisis is yet another reminder of how much remains to be done in public health, from government to society to the public.
cover: data:image/jpeg;base64,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
