##Bees are hungry, too. Beekeeper, hold on!

Lifeweek

Features an introduction to a magazine and the life he advocates.

All Year round, from south to north, non-stop pursuit of flowering, with bees transferred to a new honey field, which is our country's 8 million beekeeper's way of life. The sudden outbreak has disrupted this chain, which has also affected bee pollination of crops.
Intern reporter | Zhang Jieqiong

Interrupted Chase scene

All Year round, from south to north, non-stop pursuit of flowering, with bees transferred to a new honey field, which is our country's 8 million beekeeper's way of life. The sudden outbreak has disrupted this chain, which has also affected bee pollination of crops.

Intern reporter | Zhang Jieqiong

Interrupted Chase scene

Liu Xiaomei has been looking forward to the transition every day. When she was ready, she would get up early and start packing up the tent, which was her only shelter for years, and she would stuff the bees that were attached to the hive and seal the LID, she and her husband will carry 500 boxes one by one onto a 9.6-meter high-rise truck. It's GonNa take her a week to do this. Finally, one cool night, she would get in a truck and leave Yunnan with her bees to catch the next bloom.

Winter is mild in Yunnan, and at the end of December, Liu Xiaomei leaves her hometown in Jingmen, Hubei Province, to ship hives to the province for spring breeding. She was scheduled to move from Yunnan to Sichuan around Feb. 10, where canola flowers are in full bloom and the yellow flowers are covered in honey. After that, I went back to Hubei to pick oranges. In the middle of April, she will continue to travel north to Shaanxi and Gansu provinces to collect Robinia PSEUDOACACIA, which has formed clusters of white and tender flowers. When honey is collected by bees, it can be made into Robinia PSEUDOACACIA honey, which is the most popular kind of honey on the market.

Beekeepers such as Liu Xiaomei are known as "transfer" beekeepers, who move from south to north to areas with more honey sources depending on the flowering season. As the first beekeeping country in the world, there are more than 9 million bee colonies in China, among which the large farms all choose to transfer to other farms to improve the honey yield. Data show that the number of transfer of Chinese bee farmers more than 5 times, transfer range of more than 3000 km. Transfer of the bee farmers breeding most of the "Italian Bee" , with hives ranging from 100 to 500 boxes, large-scale, high degree of specialization, operating costs are also high. "I've kept bees for more than 20 years without a major disaster. My friends say I'm lucky, but this is the first time I feel helpless, " Liu told the Financial Times.

On Feb. 14, Liu Xiaomei heard from a fellow beekeeper from Hubei Province that he could not get out of Hainan and could not go to the next flower source. Only then did she realize that her 500 hives might not make it out of Yunnan. Now, ten days into the rape flowering season in Sichuan, she is unable to travel as planned, and traffic restrictions during the epidemic have forced her to stay in Chuxiong. In Chuxiong, there are more than a dozen out-of-town beekeepers like Liu Xiaomei.

Beekeeping over the years, Liu Xiaomei run around, met many beekeepers, a transfer to the flower, we often take care of each other. Liu Xiaomei sent a message to her beekeeper friend in Qingbaijiang District, Sichuan. "If I can't get my Hubei ID card, I'll ship the bees there. You take the Beeyard as yours. You Go and do it for me. We'll go there after the city is sealed off. " The friend agreed.

Not Two days later, the policy is more stringent, a local heard that she is Hubei Bee farmers how do not release, friends can not help. Now Liu Xiaomei was anxious and could not change the scene, which meant that the bees could not get honey, there was no harvest, and the bees had to be raised artificially with white sugar. The five tons of white sugar stored in winter were about to run out. The next 500 boxes of bees consumed one ton of white sugar a week, for every extra week she stayed, the cost of the feed alone cost her 6,000 yuan.

On Feb. 15, the General Office of the Ministry of Agriculture and rural areas, the General Office of the National Development and Reform Commission and the General Office of the Ministry of Transport of the People's Republic of China issued a document that listed the transition bees as an emergency guarantee for necessities of life, to support and resolve the bee transition issue. The notice said that in addition to the necessary rapid temperature testing of drivers, to ensure "three priorities" (no parking, no inspection, no charge, priority passage) , convenient and fast passage. She thought that the document, the transition will not worry about, but did not expect the implementation of the specific, the difficulties are still one layer after another.

Image | visual China

"The flowering period in Sichuan will end on March 10, " Liu said, but she has not given up hope. As long as she could find a car to return to Jingmen, Hubei, she calculated, April home with citrus, June with thorns, September with Nanmu, although are small sources of honey, but it is always possible to make a living. Or Go back after desperately busy bee, "Hubei Beehive Factory, when the time comes to sell bees, can also create profits. "

It seems that there are four or five flowering periods in a year, and Liu Xiaomei has only missed one so far, but in fact, the effect of missing a flowering period is chain-like, "Even if the farmer goes to catch the next bloom, the bee is not in the same state as it would normally be. It is now in a state of starvation. "It's like when it should be fed as a baby, but if you don't give it milk, can the baby be healthy? " Wu Jie, chief scientist of the national beekeeping technology system, told scidev.net.

Nomadic existence

Ms Wang is a bit luckier than Ms Liu, and with the release of the document on February 15th she will be able to leave immediately from Qujing for Mianyang, in Sichuan Province. Each transfer is the most tiring thing to move, a beehive even with honey weighs 70 to 80 pounds, she and her husband two people in more than two hours to put 300 beehives into the van. The transition has also cost her and her husband a fortune, Wang calculates, with high speed, driver and feed costs approaching 70,000 last year.

But without such a costly move around, bee farmers would have a harder time surviving. In 2016, when the climate in Heilongjiang was bad and the supply of honey was reduced, Wang and her husband lost 100,000 yuan. She could not even afford to buy sugar for the bees to feed them through the winter. She borrowed money from relatives to buy sugar for the bees to survive the winter. In the spring of the following year, Wang and her husband set out to chase the blooming season, looking for honey everywhere. "wherever we go, we will be home, " Wang said.

In the middle of summer, she would go to the Heilongjiang Baekdu Mountain to hunt Linden honey. The reserve is a no-man's-land, for a month or two, with no electricity, no signal, living a completely primitive life. When there was no food, she went into the mountains to dig up wild vegetables and Dandelions to eat. There was no water, so she and her husband dug a hole for surface water and boiled it. The first time she drank it, her face swelled up, and she started getting herpes all over her body. At that time, just in time to transfer to Yunnan, Wang guiling even the hospital did not have time to go. After arriving in Yunnan, the Hornet always haunts in her family apiary nearby, "resembles the airplane's movement" , the Hornet sees Wang guiling's family's small idea bee, carries off two or three. Wang guiling raised her hand in preparation for driving off the Hornet, which swung back and stabbed her back with its Stinger through her nightgown.

Ms. Wang said she was used to being out in the wind and rain all year round, but a little drizzle can have a big impact on bees. When it rains, the bees'wings get heavy and damp, making it difficult for them to fly. When it rains in the south for days on end, the bees stay in their hives and are fed by hand. More serious is hit by heavy snow or frost, Tianshui Bee farmer Li Zhirong told this newspaper, in early spring 2017, under a heavy snow in Gansu, snow hit the rape flowers, damaged the pistil, nectar all gone.

When you're out there, it's a lot of hard work and a lot of hassle. When one's own bee stings another, one's got to fight. "If we meet a better one, we will pay for medical treatment, and the situation will subside with a few hundred yuan. If we meet a savage one, we will have to corrupt several thousand yuan, " said Wang. So, each to a new place, she must first take a few jars of honey, to the neighbors one by one again.

Beekeepers, most of whom are farmers, are Base and relatively uninformed, and do not have the capacity to withstand natural risks, Wu Peishan, a beekeeper, told the Financial Times. The biggest worry for beekeepers is the falling price of honey. Over the past two years, beekeepers have been forced to follow the orders of wholesalers and buyers because of the lack of transparency between producers and consumers as well as the falling prices of bee products, which have squeezed the real honey market, bee Farmers do not have pricing power in the bee products market, which further aggravates the market risk faced by bee farmers.

When the temperature reached 13 degrees, the Linden tree honey crystallized. Ordinary customers thought it was fake honey mixed with white sugar. This made Wang Laugh and cry, she told The Economist: "people who buy ask me how our honey is not sweet, it is they do not know the original ecology of honey are soft, floral, eat up with a little sour taste. ". "Last year, Wang guiling made less than 100,000 yuan from selling honey, minus the 70,000 that we spent moving around, that's not much. In her view, she is still a better-paid beekeeper, her bees are retail, so no losses, but also a little income, a day can earn about one or two hundred. "Most beekeepers don't make any money, " she said. "I know beekeepers who lose 300,000 yuan a year. If anyone makes money, it's the beekeepers who make it. ".

A chain reaction of pollination by bees

Out in the bee wandering, hard life, harvest still depends on luck, but there are always some reasons for the beekeeper can not give up. Liu Xiaomei every place to release bees, busy bee farm work, to the nearby scenic area around. The farmers in the village were also warm to her, and when they saw that she was too busy, they would come to the bee farm to help, and at every turn they would send some fruits and vegetables to her tent, while others simply dragged Liu Xiaomei to their garden, pointing to the vegetable plot and saying: "Liu Jie, that piece of garden is mine, you want to eat what to get. " Reciprocity, Liu Xiaomei made honey will be sent to the local villagers. "The villagers welcome us because our bees can also pollinate their crops. Plus the current policy of benefiting farmers and advocating bee pollination. "

"about 85 percent of the crops in nature need to be pollinated by insects, and bees are the largest number of insects that can be domesticated and transported to places where pollination is needed, so bees are of particular importance, " Wu Jie, chief scientist of the National Bee Industry Technology System, told the Financial Times, "A disruption in bee migration is bound to affect the entire agricultural system. "

In Europe and the United States, the first function of beekeeping is completely different from domestic, their main business is not to produce bee products, but to let bees pollinate crops. Bee farmers earn 75 to 90 percent of their annual income from renting bees to pollinate. The yield of strawberries and nectarines pollinated by bees in greenhouses can increase by 10 to 20 percent, with beautiful fruit types and high sweetness, and some fruit farmers are willing to pay bees to pollinate them, Wu Jie told the economist, but the proportion of such growers in China is still small. In the early years, some villagers even drove out the bee farmers because they didn't know them well enough. Gradually, the villagers, relying on field experience, realized the benefits of Bee pollination, also began to take the initiative of beekeepers.

Many times the transfer of the beekeeper is chasing the rape flowers. As an important Cash crop, rape flower is planted in a large area and a wide range in China, and the beekeeper's income is also high. Professor Jiangxi Agricultural University and his team conducted a rape pollination experiment in which they divided the experiment into three parts: A bee free pollinating area, a bee pollinating area and a natural pollinating area. The bee-free pollination area produces 59.89 kilograms per mu, the natural pollination area produces 91.86 kilograms per mu, and the bee-pollinated area produces 128.75 kilograms per mu. The results show that bee pollination has obvious effect of increasing yield, and natural pollination is not enough.

The benefits of bee pollination are self-evident, but have not been widely spread in China. In depth, the primary reason is that pollination has not yet brought a good economic income to bee farmers, bee farmers can not rely on pollination for a living. A few years ago, Li Tingchun set free bees in Inner Mongolia. Local farmers paid him to have his bees pollinate his fields. After a few months of pollination, the bee population rapidly decreased, he carefully studied, he found that there is a local sunflower, petals have sticky glue, bees pollination easy to stick to it, not fly back. The money he made from pollination was not enough to buy the young bees, he thought. It was a bad deal, and he rarely took pollination jobs after that. In Xinjiang, where there are many farmers looking for beekeeper Chen Yuehui to pollinate, there are also many deadbeats. In the northern part of the country, true pollination takes place only in June and July. Chen's 200 boxes of bees can pollinate 1,000 acres of crops, but the local pollination period is short, once or twice, and they have to be fed by hand.

In addition, honey bees pollinate the land also have requirements, once the agricultural field pesticide smell, the bees will soon die. "farmers in many places don't hit pesticides at the same time. Instead, they hit them today, tomorrow you hit them, and the next day they hit three or four other families. Bees have been affected for a long time, " said Li Tingchun, a beekeeper in Yunnan Province. According to research published in the journal Science in 2018, neonicotinoids can damage the brains of bees, impede their reproduction, and affect how they forage and navigate. Nicotine compounds, such as Acetamiprid, thiamethate, and Imidacloprid, are responsible for the global decline in Honeybee numbers. However, in the civil, farmers lack of awareness of the hazards of pesticides, pesticides are still a large number of spraying to prevent and control pests.

The importance of beekeepers and their bees is overlooked even in terms of the value of crop pollination. Between 2006 and 2008, the average annual value of bee pollination on 36 major crops in China was 304.220 billion yuan, 76 times the total value of China's bee industry and 12.30 percent of China's agricultural output value, Wu Jie told the Financial Times. According to his calculations, "China's only vegetables, fruit trees, cotton, canola, watermelon, melon and strawberry crops, the number of pollinating bee colonies reached 60-88 million, far exceeding the existing 9 million colonies in China. "

The Copyright of this article belongs to Sanlian life weekly, welcome to forward to friends circle, please contact the backstage.

Click on the picture and Click on the order

The Society for the Study of Construction

Click on the original article to go to the weekly bookstore for more good books.

Go to "discover"-"take a look" browse "friends watching"

Sent

####Send it to take a look

Sending

A scan of wechat
Pay attention to the account


-------------
title: Bees are hungry, too. Beekeeper, hold on!
source: san-lian-sheng-huo-zhou-kan
authors: _
editors: _
proofreader: _
photographer: _
translator: _
via: https://github.com/2019ncovmemory/nCovMemory
link: https://mp.weixin.qq.com/s/ogx5rR_cIkEIrKv-o9Wi9A
archive: http://archive.today/H2pBt
snapshot: https://github.com/2019ncovmemory/nCovMemory/blob/master/archive/jpg/2834.jpg
lead: All Year round, from south to north, non-stop pursuit of flowering, with bees transferred to a new honey field, which is our country's 8 million beekeeper's way of life. The sudden outbreak has disrupted this chain, which has also affected bee pollination of crops.
cover: data:image/jpeg;base64,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
