##Mom, I'm taking your mom home

Wechat, bingdianweekly

Features, China Youth Daily's in depth reporting brand. We believe that news has more than one day of life.

Photo by Wu Shangzhe and his grandmother

When I was a child, my grandmother took Wu Shangzhe to participate in a small press event organized by the newspaper office. My grandmother had gray hair and carried a schoolbag in her left and right hands. She was photographed by the reporter and sent to the newspaper with the title "little Chinese Emperor" .
This time, her task is to bring her grandmother home, "I collapse, our family is over. "

When I was a child, my grandmother took Wu Shangzhe to participate in a small press event organized by the newspaper office. My grandmother had gray hair and carried a schoolbag in her left and right hands. She was photographed by the reporter and sent to the newspaper with the title "little Chinese Emperor" .

This time, her task is to bring her grandmother home, "I collapse, our family is over. "

Author Zhongqing daily Zhongqing Net reporter Yang Jie

Editor Chen Zhuo

Vulcan Hills Hospital doesn't have nights. The windows of the ward face the corridor. At the end of the corridor is the ward. The roads were still under construction, and people were walking in protective suits in the muddy, unpainted buildings. It looks like a makeshift set-up.

Oh sang-chul is here. A screenwriter who more than a month ago conceived a medical drama in her Beijing Office, each of the four members of her family is now a statistic of the epidemic: seriously ill, diagnosed, suspected, close contacts. "Mom, I'll take care of your mom and bring her home with me, " the 26-year-old, who became one of the few patients to move from the shelter hospital to Vulcan Mountain Hospital to care for her 89-year-old grandmother, told her mother in quarantine

"Death Card. "

Grandma's not doing so well. At Vulcan Mountain Hospital, she refused to eat or drink for several days and refused medical help. The hospital informed the family that if a relative came to look after him, the old man might be able to regain his will to live.

By this time, Wu's parents had become suspected cases of new pneumonia, one in the hotel isolation, one at home isolation, garbage can not be dumped.

To be admitted to Vulcan Mountain Hospital, you must be a confirmed patient. Oh sang-chul is the only one who fits. She tested positive for nucleic acid and was in the living room shelter hospital in Wuhan.

She returned to Wuhan from Beijing on January 19. In order to go home early, she specially changed the train ticket, the next day in Wuhan, the new coronavirus "human to human" information spread, working in the street office of the mother and she has fever, diarrhea, vomiting. The mother repeatedly refreshed her inquiries and found no suspected or confirmed cases on the same train as her daughter. The result of Wu's online consultation was just a common cold and enterocolitis.

Mother and daughter have not seen each other for a long time, sleep in a bed, mother Shen Xinying some regret let her back to Wuhan, but still comfort way, "don't be afraid of children, this matter should not be big, will soon pass. "

As the city emptied, her street-facing room became unusually quiet, occasionally passing a car and repeating "don't go out" over a loudspeaker. "It's like we're under a dark cloud and we don't know when the thunderstorm is coming. "

A few days later, her fever took a turn for the worse. She walked her dog twice a day, "walking faster than a young man, " and within two or three days, suddenly could not walk from the room to the bathroom, refused to eat, white, red, yellow, vomit all over the floor. "If you don't go to the hospital, you will starve to death; if you go to the hospital, you will be afraid of infection, and you will have to make a painful choice. Both ways are dead. "

The family picked a night when few people, the grandmother sent to Wuhan Xiehe East West Lake Hospital. Family by family, blood work, CT SCAN. Mother and Grandmother Double Lung Infection, inflammation, father lung infection, only Wu Shangzhe the lightest.

At night, Wu Shangzhe lies awake at home. "My home may be an empty room, or they are gone, and I am alone. " It was the night she feared most, "Tomorrow, my family and I will be the four numbers on the suspect list. "

DNA test came back negative on February 13th. Then Wu Shangzhe turn, she did not carefully recognize the small "Yin and Yang" word, sent to the family group, "must be negative. "

One second the excited father suddenly froze, "no, how can you be positive? " He repeatedly confirmed that the result was not taken by mistake, "As if I had drawn a death card, he said no, this is not the card you drew, everyone in the family hopes that the card is drawn. " The mother was quarantined, sent video, eyes have been crying swollen, regret to let his daughter back to Wuhan.

In the end, except for Oh sang-chul, the whole family was negative.

Wu posted the news on his facebook page, complete with a picture of a bikini. The courage of what she had been afraid to do, as she so often put on a good face, came to her. "If this is the last picture of my circle of friends, I want you to remember the best and remember this sexy, tragic bikini. "

Photo courtesy of Wu Shangzhe's circle of friends

Wu Shangzhe belongs to mild illness, into the Wuhan Sitting Room Shelter Hospital. Grandma although nucleic acid showed negative, but the clinical diagnosis of severe symptoms, was sent to the Fire Mountain Hospital.

Before that, the last time she spoke to her grandmother, she was seen reclining on a cold hospital chair, holding three vials of intravenous drip, crying "so cold. ". Wu Shangzhe took off the down jacket, put on grandma, grandma suddenly a rouling, call her own wear. "I was afraid it would be the last thing I said to my grandmother. "

Photo by Wu Shangzhe's grandmother

The most optimistic girl in the shelter

Before entering the shelter hospital, Wu Shangzhe bathed, changed clothes, cut his nails, and brought a copy of "toefl core vocabulary 21 days breakthrough. ". However, the surface smiled, crying in the shower, blow-dried hair before I remembered not to use shampoo, "then found himself really panicked. "

The first day into the cabin, my father called to offer condolences, Wu Shangzhe said "everything is fine. ". The aunt of the side impatiently answered a sentence, "all came to the hospital, what good. " "Or quite sad. " Wu Shangzhe said.

She hears them every day in the shelter. The mood is like a wave, high and low, a wave comes, "the man dancing in the shelter, what you see is the moment after his painful wave, the real pain you can't see. "

Wu Shangzhe saw a woman crying in the hallway while talking on the phone. She handed over a tissue, but the man didn't pick up. She unconsciously stepped back into a stage, as if it were normal in the shelter. Hung Up, the woman said, and her husband was quarantined, too, with no one to take care of the seven year old.

Everyone who came in wanted to go as soon as possible. An aunt thought she was leaving soon. She happily gave the rest of the shampoo to Wu Shangzhe. Later, her nucleic acid turned positive again. In one word, it was a surprise and a disappointment.

The lady in bed 64 next door usually has a bad cough. She had a round face, round eyes, and little chestnut curls. She and Wu sang-cheol do not chat, they are the two most said is "today's food is quite good. ". On his third day in the shelter, Wu Shangzhe saw the nurse put oxygen bags on bed 64.

She looked straight ahead, and bed 64 caught her gaze. "They told me I was going to be transferred, but I think I'm getting worse, " she said with a shudder in her hands. Wu Shangzhe felt heavy and gave her an egg to supplement her nutrition. Bed 64 gobbles it down. "I feel like she has a strong will to live. "

Their conversation deepened for the first time. Husband of 64 bed got cerebral artery Hemangioma, this disease is sinister, two months she has been in the hospital accompany rescue, did not think husband live, she contracted new coronary virus, home still have minor child. She kept her mother in the dark, and every day her mother called, she kept a stiff upper lip and pretended to be healthy, "don't tell her now, what if I live? "

"The people here are not good, but are worried about others. " That was almost their last conversation. Wu Shangzhe very tired that day, soon fell asleep, and then opened his eyes, bed 64 has been an empty bed. After she left, the post on the head of the bed was torn out, and Wu Shangzhe didn't even have time to know her name.

Here, Wu Shangzhe lets his state of mind be as peaceful as possible. She posted on her facebook page that the No. 1 recipe looked like an American coffee with mint, and the No. 2 recipe looked like Stale Espresso. She used a Vlog to record her life in the shelter, and said she wanted Xiangyang to be born, the most optimistic girl in the shelter. She took selfies on her phone, adjusting the angles. In the shelter, the selfie became an expression of a love of life.

She described herself as a pretty little girl who lived a delicate life, went to the bathroom at work, and carried around a deodorant made in Japan that smelled like peppermint today and rose tomorrow. The toilet in the shelter was like a plastic phone booth. If one of the three toilets was clean, it was her "humble little joy" that day.

On the last day in the shelter, Wu Shangzhe finally saw the square dance. "When I saw it on the spot, it was so burning that I burst into tears. " Standing C, wearing pink coral velvet pajamas, she confidently taught everyone the moves.

"At home, her dancing in the square may be rejected by her family, but in the shelter, any act of pursuing life will bring good feelings. " "I could see her smile through the mask, " Wu said. The whole process was painful, but the snippets were happy.

Wu Shangzhe in the Fire God Mountain Hospital, the interviewee provides the picture

"Calabash Baby" on the mountain of Fire God

"The shelter is a refuge for me, " Wu said, fearing bad news from his family. On February 17th, a call came in anyway. Mother told grandma critically ill, the family only she is positive, can be transferred to the Vulcan Mountain Hospital care.

Dad was against it. "You can't trade your 20s for grandma's 90s, " he told his wife. "never let a girl go to Vulcan Mountain. ". Until now, the father did not agree with the daughter's approach, "from the moral point of view, doing the right thing, but still relatively reckless, is there a better way to solve. "

"For parents who love their children, the risk is 100 times greater, " Wu said.

Shen Xinying listened to her husband and daughter arguing, dare not say anything. Alone in her misery in a segregated hotel, with a mother and a daughter, "she couldn't hold on. "

Shen Xinying sent her mother to hospital, did not have time to say a word of comfort. "At that time only thought that a bed is hard to get, how we are so lucky, met the good doctor to admit, also did not ask for help. " After coming out, she wanted to say a few words, already could not return.

More than 20 days later, Shen Xinying did not see her mother, "although the isolation conditions are good, but the family kept bad news, ordinary relatives can do, I can not do. "

"If my mother doesn't make it this time, I hope my daughter can see her one last time, " Ms. Shen said, trying to convince herself. "My daughter is a screenwriter. She has to go through the process of life. ".

Wu Shangzhe's father immediately retorted, "let her experience this why, this is a plague Ah. "

Wu Shangzhe has already packed his luggage, transfer telephone delay, think of the last to see the picture of grandma, she squatted on the ground bawling.

"I think the transfer to Vulcan Mountain is also atonement for my sins, " Wu said. When my grandmother fell ill and did not get to the hospital in time, "part of the reason for her suffering now is me. "

She hadn't seen the construction video of Vulcan Mountain, which she remembered as a place far away from her. After making the decision to transfer to another hospital, she also had some fears, but still bravado. On Feb. 19, the day of her transfer, she wrote four words on her Weibo Account, "no turning back. ".

Her father, "very straight, not nice to talk" , that day, he gave a red envelope every day, red envelope hanging with a warm words, "I love you, look forward to an early return

Wu Shangzhe said that he went to the Vulcan Mountain is not to risk death, but to bring back grandma. Ambulances grazed the city's edges, and bleak streets retreated behind Wu.

"when I left, the shelter was singing KTV, and I came here suddenly very quiet and solemn. " The Vulcan Mountain Hospital has a large area of white, she saw through the window across the corridor of the ward is doing CPR, the paramedic's hand goes down, down, down, down.

When Wu Shangzhe saw her grandmother, the old man half-comatose, deaf, she repeatedly shouted "Home" (Wuhan Language, grandmother) , holding her hand, grandmother's eyes slowly open, panicky asked, "this is not to survive? "

Wu Shangzhe shook his head and touched her forehead to comfort her. Later, the old man suddenly woke up, shocked with anger, "you? How did you come over? You do not come over, it is contagious. "

Roommate told Wu Shangzhe, she came, the old man did not have the night has been crying. "Grandma cut out her gallbladder when she was young, put down eight tubes and bragged all her life, and this time the old man was really scared. " She saw a proud old lady who had lost her dignity. Habitual vomiting, so that the elderly refused to eat, she often stared at the injection, watching the drip drip drip drip down. When the nurse came for the injection, she trembled to raise her hand in a triumphal gesture, and tried to shake the nurse's hand in gratitude. The nurse's eyes were red.

Wu Shangzhe joked that he was not a filial child and was quarrelsome and lazy at home, "about a month ago, I was a spoiled Brat who couldn't eat an apple without being pared by my parents. Now I can change old people's diapers. "

When the old lady wanted to drink, she ladled out the cleaner part of the porridge and fed it to her, said O. When the vomiting was serious, when she opened the water bottle, her grandmother looked horrified, shaking her head and saying, "I don't eat, I don't drink, don't give me anything. ".

Grandma likes to stare at her, every time notice grandma's eyes, Wu Shangzhe "deliberately play" , when eating hard to Jiji Mouth, a look to enjoy food.

She also tried "moral kidnapping" to persuade her grandmother to eat. The nurse brought her rice noodles, and the doctor sent her a box of rice pudding. Wu Shangzhe told her grandmother, everyone is so good to her, she must eat. She hooked up with Grandma, took pictures. The next day grandma just put the food in her mouth and didn't swallow it.

"I was so angry that I scared her and made a gesture to leave, just like I used to throw a Tantrum at home and pretend to slam the door. " The old man could only look at her with sad eyes, and Wu Shangzhe repented. "When I came, I had a sense of mission, and only I could save her. "

Grandma stuck out her thumb and said, "don't make me eat, that's it. ". Then he held out his little finger, curled his mouth, and said, make me eat, this. In the evening, the grandmother took her to say a lot of words, she believed in Buddhism, said, "this life I (kindness) you also finished. "

On the last day of February, my grandmother suddenly went blind at night. "It's like that scene in My Fair Princess where Lagerstroemia Indica is blind, and she keeps asking me to turn on the light, and I've turned it on, but she still can't see it, " he said, imagining his grandmother's fear, unable to hear or see, like she's in a sealed box, worried she'd lose her will to live.

"The day before, I was in good spirits, like a child asking when I would be able to go home, calling me by my first nickname. " After gradually confirming that I had lost my sight, my grandmother kept crying and shaking her head. Wu Shangzhe climbed onto her bed and took her hand, the two men were curled up in a one-meter-wide bed, with the old man rubbing his thumb against his granddaughter's fingers.

The next day, grandma down the stomach tube, hand in the air scratch, heart rate suddenly rose to 200. The doctor said that my grandmother had been running at a breakneck pace. Six or seven nurses rushed to the first aid, Wu Shangzhe holding her hand, seemed to be the only comfort to her.

"Your family says a word, top us to say ten words. " The Voice of medical staff of Vulcan Mountain passes through layer of face mask to spread, appear frowzily.

"They have seen countless lives, but they cherish every one of them. This is my greatest gratitude to them, " Wu said, "Some people think that my grandmother is 89 years old, that treatment is a waste of national resources, but in the eyes of doctors and nurses, they see a life, no discrimination. "

After Wu Shangzhe's Vlog spread on the Internet, medical staff also followed her on their mobile phones. "every patient in the shelter is a number, and every paramedic here is a shape, " he said. They wear armor-like protective suits and can not see their faces. In this makeshift hospital, doctors and nurses come from all over the country and don't know each other, but they all know Wu Shangzhe.

Grandma was transferred to the ICU, where she was stable but still in critical condition. "I suddenly found that I became a bit strong. " Wu Shangzhe cried for a while, but still can eat calmly. She used to write her emotions on her face, had a low threshold for both crying and laughing, and was mocked by friends for having bullet holes in her face. Shen Xinying said her daughter learned to hold back, "still smiling at my mother, back face must cry like a ghost. "

In the studio's Teacher's eyes, Wu Shangzhe is a feminine girl, wearing rabbit ears and three question marks hair band, the script in a positive and lovely female No. 2 Image, reference to her characteristics. He was impressed with Wu.

Photo by Wu Shangzhe, interviewee

What had made her cry before, she would not cry again; what had made her care before, she did not care so much. Since the closure of Wuhan, she has deleted 200 of her wechat friends, "not enough time and energy to maintain so many relationships. "

She felt that she grew up overnight, but grew up in a painful way, not gradually, but with the hand of the Times, "let me have to come out of the soil, pull all my emotions. "

In junior high, Oh gave himself the English name Heroine, both Heroine and Heroine. "Mary Sue thought it was a cool name, until one day I was told it was like a foreigner naming a 'cucurbit' . "

She liked the power and boyishness of the English name. Now, "Calabash Brothers" has a new name, "the Vulcan Mountain girl, " and she's become a "pneumonia internet sensation. " . Netizens followed her diary and said, "We are all her 'cloud grandchildren' . ".

One of the netizens dug out the old post, just after his grandfather had died, Wu Shangzhe could not see him for the last time, and wrote heavily, "be nice to grandma in the future. " The netizen responded with four words in the Long-standing Post: "You did it. "

Produced by China Youth Daily

Editor of Wechat | Chen Yinan

If you think it looks good, click here

Go to "discover"-"take a look" browse "friends watching"

Sent

####Send it to take a look

Sending

A scan of wechat
Pay attention to the account


-------------
title: Mom, I'm taking your mom home
source: FREEZING POINT
authors: _
editors: _
proofreader: _
photographer: _
translator: _
via: https://github.com/2019ncovmemory/nCovMemory
link: https://mp.weixin.qq.com/s/VFcuhpXdQZrb3T7fiCbKDw
archive: https://archive.li/2iSMl
snapshot: https://github.com/2019ncovmemory/nCovMemory/blob/master/archive/jpg/2712.jpg
lead: Go to Vulcan Mountain, save grandma
cover: data:image/jpeg;base64,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
