##Another doctor was killed at Wuhan Central Hospital, South Korea declared a state of war, and 25 other news reports

Micro signal

What happened before the Earth was destroyed?

##All the fish are now updated in allthefishnews.wordpress.com  and can be subscribed by mail. You can copy the top link in the browser to open the get a subscription link.

As of 21:32 a.m. on March 3, there were 29,930 confirmed cases, a cumulative total of 80,303 confirmed cases and 587 suspected cases, according to Dr. Syzygium aromaticum's real time data. There were 6806 severe cases, 2948 deaths and 47425 cured cases.

As of March 2, there were 8,739 confirmed cases and 127 deaths worldwide, excluding China, according to the World Health Organization. With the exception of China, there are currently 61 countries with newly diagnosed cases of pneumonia.

Development of epidemic situation

1. There are still 6,593 severe and critical patients in hospital in Foshan, Hubei Province. On the afternoon of March 3, the COVID-19 held a press conference, saying that 6,593 severe and critically ill patients were being treated in hospitals in Hubei Province, with 330 medical teams supporting more than 40,000 people. "The pressure and the challenges are still huge, " said Tu Yuanchao, deputy director of the Hubei Provincial Health Commission. "We can not relax for a moment, " said Yang Yunyan, vice governor of the Government of the People's Republic of China, the incremental risk is still not fundamentally contained, "as there are three-digit new cases every day in Wuhan. "

2. Another doctor died in Wuhan Central Hospital and more than 200 staff members were infected. On the afternoon of March 3, the Wuhan Central Hospital announced that Mei Zhongming, deputy director and chief physician of Ophthalmology Department, died at 12 noon on March 3 at the Golden Pond Hospital in Wuhan after he contracted the disease in the course of fighting the epidemic of new crown pneumonia, he was 57 years old. He was praised as one of the best ophthalmologists in the city and was the third doctor at Wuhan Central Hospital to die on duty from a new coronary pneumonia. Li Wenliang, an ophthalmologist at the hospital, and Jiang Xueqing, the chief of thyroid and breast surgery, died of new pneumonia on February 7 and March 1 respectively. More than 200 staff members of the hospital have been infected.

3. Chinese nationals urged not to return to Qingtian after seven new cases of "reverse flooding" in Lishui, Zhejiang Province. Seven new cases were imported from Italy in Qingtian, Zhejiang Province, and the first reported case in Lishui was in a restaurant in Il Caravaggio International Airport, northern Italy. According to Caixin Network interview, the reason for returning home is that the northern Italian epidemic is serious, restaurant business is poor. There are about 100,000 overseas Chinese living in Qingtian and 100 returning home. On March 1, Qingtian issued a notice to the families of overseas Chinese living in Qingtian, saying, "staying at home is the best self-protection and the biggest support for the overall national defense and control. " Do not rush home. When Zhang Weihua, secretary of the Party Group of the Overseas Chinese Federation in Qingtian, Zhejiang, took the returned overseas Chinese to quarantine at the airport, he urged them not to return as far as possible. The closed nature of the public transport on which they returned increased the risk of infection, and if you come back, you'll be quarantined for 14 days.

4. About 9,000 cases have been confirmed outside China, with "almost nine times as many new cases" . As of 24pm on March 2, about 9,000 cases of new pneumonia had been confirmed in 66 countries outside China, with more than 130 deaths. In the past 24 hours, the number of new cases outside China was almost nine times higher than in China, Tan said at the "new crown pneumonia regular briefing" on the afternoon of March 2, south Korea, Italy, Iran and Japan are the most worrisome. But now is not the time to call it a pandemic. "because to date, 90 percent of the 88,913 cases reported globally have been in China, most of them in one province, " he said, adding that 81 percent of the cases outside China were in four countries. Of the 61 countries reported at that time, 38 reported only 10 or fewer cases and 19 reported only 1 case.

5. Almost 5,000 people have been diagnosed in South Korea as a result of war. As of March 3, South Korea had a cumulative total of 4,812 confirmed cases. South Korea's president, Moon jae-in, declared a "war" at a "State Council" meeting, apologizing for "the South Korean government's failure to provide masks to citizens quickly and adequately. ". Governments at all levels are required to activate a 24 hour emergency response system to jointly respond to the COVID-19 outbreak.

6. Nearly 3,000 cases have been confirmed in Europe, with Italy, France and Germany rising sharply. As of March 2, about 2,750 cases had been confirmed in Europe, bringing the death toll to 55. Compared with the previous day, the number of cases increased from 1,694 to 2,036 in Italy, 130 to 191 in France and 129 to 157 in Germany. The Organization for Economic Cooperation and Development (OECD) warned on March 2 that "the new coronavirus is the most serious financial crisis risk since the economic crisis" . In many parts of Europe, large-scale events or gatherings have been canceled, and France has closed the Louvre since the 1st.

Kill. 232 new cases a day in Wuhan prison. On February 29,232 new cases of coronary pneumonia were confirmed in Wuhan's prisons, including 231 in prisons and one in detention centers, CAIXIN Media reported. Among them, the detention center new coronary pneumonia confirmed cases are the first disclosure. As a weak link of epidemic prevention and control, the prison is widely concerned. As of that day, 806 people in the Wuhan Municipal Prison had been diagnosed as new pneumonia.

Urban Prevention and control

1. The investigation into the "departure from Han Dynasty to Beijing" incident has been announced, and various departments have been held accountable. Whether it is illegal or not is still under investigation. On March 2, the central joint investigation team and several investigation teams, including those in Hubei and Beijing, respectively announced the results of the investigation into the "Huang Mou's departure from English and Chinese into Beijing Incident" , "This is a serious incident caused by dereliction of duty and malfeasance, which is of a bad nature and has a very bad impact and has brought great potential danger to the prevention and control of the epidemic in the capital, " he said, these include the Department of Justice of Hubei Province, Hubei Provincial Prison Administration Bureau, Wuhan Women's prison, public security sub-bureau of Dongxihu district of Wuhan, Qiuxian checkpoint of Daxing sub-bureau, Chongwenmen sub-district Office of Dongcheng District, Xinyi Home Community, Beijing CDC, and New World Property Management Company of Huang's district. Previously, Huang's daughter that his behavior is completely reasonable and lawful, and the investigation team for the existence of illegal "is under investigation. ".

Huang was released from prison on February 17 and remains under observation in Wuhan Women's prison, the investigation team said. On the morning of February 17 to 21, the prison staff took Huang's body temperature 13 times, including 18 and 19 times of 37.3 °C. And 37.3 °C is the critical value of the fever standard of the new crown disease.

According to the HSINKING newspaper, the Hubei Prison set in motion a wartime mechanism on January 25. Huang's "Wuhan Women's prison" had an infection on January 29, and the prison was classified as a "close contact" , the head of Hubei Province Department of Justice once went to the scene to "supervise the war" . On the morning of February 21, the Wuhan Women's prison sent Huang and Li, a former prisoner of Xiaogan, to the Wuhan North Expressway Toll Station. "A few hours after Ms. Huang was sent away, the Hubei Provincial Bureau of prison administration informed the outside world of the outbreak in the prison. "

2. BEIJING -- Entering Beijing from South Korea, Japan, Iran and Italy, 14 days in quarantine. At the "Beijing Xinguan Epidemic Prevention and control press conference" on March 3, Deputy secretary-general of the government of Beijing Chen Bei said that due to the rapid development of the epidemic in some countries, some overseas students and migrant workers are more willing to return home, "there are more than 20 Chinese students in Iran who have returned from Beijing ports alone, " he said. "anyone who enters through Beijing ports from South Korea, Italy, Iran, Japan and other countries with severe epidemics, if they are in transit to other places, should carry out epidemic prevention work in strict accordance with local regulations; if the destination is Beijing, both Chinese and foreigners should be quarantined for observation. "

3. "The form is greater than the effect and it should be stopped" . On March 2, Zhang Liubo, a researcher at the China Center for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC) under the State Council's joint prevention and control mechanism, said that the use of large-scale spraying and disinfection by fog cannon cars and drones was "more effective than the actual form of disinfection and should be stopped. ". Other disinfection requirements include "no large-scale disinfection of the outdoor environment, no disinfection of the outdoor environment in rainy and snowy weather, no air disinfection of the outdoor environment, no direct use of disinfectants to spray disinfection of personnel throughout the body, no application of disinfectants to reservoirs, reservoirs, artificial lakes, and no use of chemical disinfectants to indoor air under human conditions. "

In addition, Zhang said that during the outbreak, "the public is not advised to go to swimming pools and public baths, nor to open swimming pools and public baths. " Regular disinfection should be carried out after the outbreak ends.

4. Avoid going to the supermarket, or not buying at all. On March 2, Zhang Liubo, a researcher with the Chinese Center for Disease Control and prevention, reminded supermarkets to pay attention when "people keep more than one meter away from each other while shopping. " Consumers should minimize their access to shopping malls and supermarkets, and shorten their time when they have to. "[ consumers ] should go to these places to buy things rather than shop, " he said. Six cases of supermarket clusters were reported during the outbreak, including 60 people infected at Baodi department store in Tianjin.

Medical Solution

The study found that the new crown infection key protease or already has the potential target medicine. Since the outbreak, scientists have been exploring the biochemical mechanisms by which the virus invades human cells. Previous studies have shown that the s protein on the surface of the new coronavirus, known as the spike protein, binds to the human cell's ACE2 receptor, the ACE2 receptor. A new study, published recently in the top academic journal Cell, goes even further, describing the process -- the Foshan s protein also uses a protease called TMPRSS2 in the host Cell when it is driven. And there are already clinically proven inhibitors of this protease, but for other diseases. In cell experiments, the Protease inhibitor has the effect of inhibiting the entry of new coronavirus into cells and is expected to become a potential antiviral target. The research team was drawn mostly from German institutions, including the Leibnitz Institute of primatology and the School of Biology and psychology at the University of Göttingen in Germany. The article has been peer-reviewed but is not yet the final version, according to cell's website.

1. Japan's Olympics minister: Tokyo Olympics can be postponed by 2020. Asked on March 3 local time whether the Tokyo Olympics would be postponed, Japan's Olympics minister, Seiko Hashimoto, said, according to the NHK, "The host city's agreement with the International Olympic Committee states that the International Olympic Committee can cancel the Games only if Tokyo can not host them by 2020. Under this agreement, the Tokyo Olympics can be postponed until 2020.

2. South Korea, Iran and northern Italy will be barred from entering Singapore on Friday. Singapore's inter-departmental Working Group announced on March 3 that from 11:59 p.m. on March 4, all passengers who had visited Iran, northern Italy and the Republic of Korea in the past 14 days would not be allowed to enter or transit through Singapore. With immediate effect, Singapore will also suspend the issuance of new permits to Iranian passport holders, as well as short-term and multiple-entry visas previously issued. The working group urged nationals to avoid unnecessary travel to Iran, northern Italy, Japan and the Republic of Korea.

3. India: Indian VISA FOR ITALIAN, Iranian, Korean and Japanese citizens expires immediately. On the afternoon of March 3, the Indian government issued a notice stating that if an Italian, Iranian, Korean or Japanese citizen holds an ordinary Indian sticker visa or an electronic visa issued on the same day and earlier, and has not entered India at present, your visa will cease to be valid. South Korean and Japanese citizens'visa-on-arrival policies have also been canceled. Those who really need to travel to India should apply to the nearest Indian embassy or consulate for a new visa. Diplomats from the above-mentioned countries, officials of the United Nations and other international agencies, overseas Indian citizens and airline crew members are not subject to this provision, but are required to undergo mandatory health checks upon entry.

4. Bazhong, Sichuan: 1,704 wildlife trading venues have been closed. Hu Jie, deputy director of Bazhong's Health Commission, told the media recently that Bazhong has closed 88 places for the domestication and breeding of wild animals and 1,704 places for the trading of wild animals, the 150,300-table group dinners at restaurants, Nongjiale and Bayan in rural areas involved 1,478,100 people.

5. Amazon pulls millions of products that claim to cure new pneumonia. The same week, Facebook said it would ban ads on its platform for products that claim to cure or reduce the spread of the virus. Amazon has also canceled or temporarily blocked thousands of stores accused of selling face masks, disinfectants and other anti-virus products at exorbitant prices.

6. South Korea to charge new heaven and Earth Church President with manslaughter. Seoul Mayor Park Won-soon on Sunday asked prosecutors to investigate Lee Man-Hee, founder of the New World Church in Daegu, and other top leaders. They cited the church's failure to provide an accurate list of church members as a distraction from the government's fight against the epidemic as one reason for the country's rising death toll. Park Won-soon wrote on social media that the church's actions amounted to "willful manslaughter. ". Prosecutors have yet to decide whether to open a formal investigation into Lee Man-Hee and others.

South Korean officials also said Sunday that some church members had visited Wuhan in January, and that nearly 60 percent of the more than 4,000 confirmed cases in South Korea were members of the Church or people who had come into contact with them. The church admits to having followers in Wuhan, but says no Chinese have visited South Korea since December.

March 2, South Korea "new world" Church President Lee Man-Hee held a press conference on the new pneumonia epidemic. It was the first time Lee Man-Hee had spoken publicly since the outbreak in South Korea. At the press conference, Lee Man-Hee made a grand gesture of apology.

Kill. French health minister proposes to cancel cheek-to-cheek gifts. In light of the increase in the number of newly diagnosed cases in France, the health minister, Olivier Villing, suggested reducing physical contact, such as "cheek-to-cheek" . France has also decided to temporarily cancel all "closed environment in more than 5,000 people gathered in the assembly, " as well as some outdoor activities.

The media attention

1. Anti-epidemic wave of "big pot medicine". On February 29, the second Middle School of Lincang City, Yunnan Province, issued a notice on organizing the use of "big pot medicine" in the school system, giving full play to the role of traditional Chinese medicine in "preventing disease" and improving the body's resistance, teachers and students were forced to take "big pot medicine" by asking them to take photos, upload prescriptions and take medicine. This matter by micro-blog big V "pediatric surgery Dr. Pei" exposure, cause public attention. On March 2, Lincang's Education Bureau called off the school's compulsory use of drugs by students and teachers, and the authorities involved apologized.

2. Investigation team involved daughter of poor family suspected of suicide due to Internet classes. On the morning of February 29, a 14-year-old girl, surnamed Li, who was in her third year of junior middle school in Dengzhou, Henan Province, was taken to hospital after swallowing a large amount of her mother's medication for mental illness. His father, Li Handang, told The Times that his family is low-income families, affected by the epidemic, years later, the Li three can only be at home online classes. Although a neighbor to help in the east and west to buy a smartphone online, but only a mobile phone, sister and brother also need to use, Li Mou can not use much time. As a result, she missed a lot of homework and faced questions from her teachers and classmates, according to china.com.cn. After the incident, Dengzhou set up an investigation team, the results of the investigation said: Li has broadband installed in the home, there are two mobile phones, one is a smartphone, the other can take photos; sister and brother take turns to use, online classes have been normal. And suggested that she had previously because of "family chores" and family conflicts, for "gas medication.

3. There's been a spike in domestic violence. Wan Fei, a retired police officer and founder of an Anti Domestic Violence nonprofit in Jingmen, Hubei Province, said the number of domestic violence reports has nearly doubled since the city was blockaded, thepaper.cn Sixthtone reported. Jianli County police station in Jingmen received 162 reports of domestic violence in February, more than triple the number in the same period last year. The number also doubled in January. "The epidemic has had a huge impact on domestic violence, and by our count, 90 percent of the violence is related to the epidemic, " he said, citing the fear and anxiety of long-term isolation and the economic pressure on many families, may Be one of the reasons for the rise in domestic violence.

At the same time, existing support networks for survivors of domestic violence have been unable to help because of isolation. "everyone's attention is focused on the epidemic, but the victims of domestic violence are being ignored. " Police in many areas have been reluctant to help victims of domestic violence, often letting the people who report it "make peace. " The situation is even worse in the context of the epidemic. For this purpose, Yuanzhong family and Community Development Service Center has produced a "guide to help victims of domestic violence during the epidemic" to help individuals seek help.

4.80 Chinese quarantined in Russia. "Beiqingshen once" reported that affected by the new pneumonia, the Russian capital Moscow recently began to implement strict epidemic prevention measures, and the use of face recognition technology to "monitor" the possible infected. From February 22, Moscow law enforcement officers will be every day in subway stations, buses, and even residential "raid. ". So far, Moscow has confirmed that 88 people, 80 of them Chinese citizens, have violated the quarantine. Most of the 80 Chinese were quarantined at the Charizino Rehabilitation Center for the disabled in Southeast Moscow, where as of 10 p.m. on Feb. 29, about 70 Chinese were still detained. Some of the people involved said they had "unconsciously" violated the quarantine laws without knowing it. Some people were suspected of breaking the law by taking out the garbage, others were suspected of breaking the law by going to the supermarket to buy things, now they could face deportation and a five-year ban from entering Russia.

5. Zhong Nanshan paper: Early intervention can prevent large-scale infection. A team led by Zhong Nanshan recently published an article in the Journal of Thoracic Disease Entitled "prediction of COVID-19 outbreak in China based on Seir optimization model and AI for public health intervention" . According to the prediction model, NCP peaked on February 28 and levelled off at the end of April, with a maximum of 122122 cases; five days earlier, the number would have been 40,991, the paper said, that's about a third of what it is now. If the measures had been delayed by five days, the epidemic would have been about three times bigger.

6. Three Chengguan beat delivery man in Wuhan. On March 2, a video of Chengguan beating a vegetable delivery man in Wuhan Caught People's attention. On March 3, Li Feng, a beaten vegetable delivery man, said that on the day of the incident, because there were more vegetables to be delivered and they could not fit in the shop, several vegetable baskets were left outside. However, the Chengguan later clashed with them on the grounds of "affecting the appearance of the city. " I asked if they couldn't understand at this particular time they said they couldn't.

The new pneumonia epidemic prevention and Control Headquarters in Kong Hon district issued a statement on March 3, saying that city management personnel had a physical confrontation with the staff of the "La Jia Xian Sheng" fruit and vegetable shop on Xinwan road, which is now in operation. The hanxing Street Work Committee and the Commission for Discipline Inspection dismissed the city management personnel who had conflicts, Lu Mou, Jiang Mou, Li Mou, and placed on file the case for investigation the relevant person in charge of the Public Management Section of Hanxing Street, which was responsible for the management. District Commission for Discipline Inspection and supervision will be in accordance with the rules and regulations on the streets responsible for accountability. At present, the Public Security Department is investigating and dealing with the case, and will announce the results to the public in time after they come out.

All of the news and sources in this article are available through the following link: https://docs.google.com/document/d/1hjydvnv7xyvp-e_ncov4gu-smyobp72e22yxgkjbfhg/edit《新型冠状病毒肺炎每日疫情播报》，可复制链接后科学上网打开

Go to "discover"-"take a look" browse "friends watching"

Sent

####Send it to take a look

Sending

Leave a message

A scan of wechat
Pay attention to the account


-------------
title: Another doctor was killed at Wuhan Central Hospital, South Korea declared a state of war, and 25 other news reports
source: suo-you-de-yu
authors: _
editors: _
proofreader: _
photographer: _
translator: _
via: https://github.com/2019ncovmemory/nCovMemory
link: https://mp.weixin.qq.com/s/qDPd5Ne8OclsDMf4NMERrQ
archive: http://archive.ph/Q5CvR
snapshot: https://github.com/2019ncovmemory/nCovMemory/blob/master/archive/jpg/2560.jpg
lead: We've picked up some breaking news on the new pneumonia
cover: data:image/jpeg;base64,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
