##A front-line psychological consultant in Hubei: Panic makes him take his temperature every half hour | deep dialogue

Wechat Bqshenyidu

Features, Beijing Youth Daily, the official public number

Reporter / Guo Huimin

Editor / Edward Shek

The counselor's on the phone

By the morning of February 5,23,696 people had been diagnosed with COVID-19 pneumonia, 491 had died, and 859 had been cured.

On January 23, a 24-hour psychological consultation hotline was opened in Wuhan after the Lihan channel was closed. Du Mingjun was one of the first psychologists to offer counselling services when he received a telephone invitation from the president of the Hubei Association of Psychological Counselors.

Since the opening of the hotline, 510 people have sought psychological intervention, some of them with limited medical resources have called for medical help, and some of those with mild symptoms have become sensitive and suspicious: door handles, elevator buttons, subway cars, as if there were "enemies" everywhere, someone sneezed and immediately fell into the "am I infected" worry, some people have to take their temperature every half an hour..

Du Mingjun, a first-line psychologist in Hubei Province, gives advice on how people regulate their emotions.

"panic is contagious, and panic itself is more likely to bring people down, " Du said. "It is normal to be nervous, anxious and afraid during an epidemic, and strong social protection can reduce anxiety. " "You can also try raising your right hand, turning your palm into a knife, and slashing down as a signal that the negativity is over. "

The hotline carries out two-level psychological intervention

Deep degree: How is the psychological counseling project carried out? Who is providing psychological services?

Du Mingjun: Just like the epidemic, start from scratch. We issued a call to the association and the community at the same time, received a total of more than 900 psychologists from around the country and overseas response, the current program is 202 through the screening of psychological counselors.

We have examined the applicants, selected psychological consultants must be licensed to work, age 40 years old, have more than 200 hours of face-to-face counseling experience, counseling completed, the consultant needs to write psychological intervention report.

Every night, we hire a doctor to train us on the COVID-19's medical knowledge and policies.

Deep degree: What is the specific process of psychological intervention?

Du Mingjun: Our hotline operates on a two-tier system. First of all, we need to make a first-level intervention for the clients who call us. A senior psychological consultant will act as an operator at the front end and provide five to 10 minutes of emotional counseling, if the counselor discovers that the other person has not only emotional problems, but may also have accumulated psychological problems, then the distribution team will distribute and forward the calls, which goes into the process of secondary intervention, a second counselor will talk to her for about half an hour, or longer.

Psychologists recorded the situation of the consultants, some people without Wuhan exposure history, asymptomatic anxiety

Take your temperature every half hour

Deep degree: come to consult, what kind of crowd?

Du Mingjun: There are two main categories of people who come for consultation. One is for people seeking medical help, who often say, "I can't get through to anyone but you. " In such cases, we usually transfer calls to 110,120, or the appropriate agency in the area where the call came from, to help them connect with the government through the hotline.

The other is a person who is psychologically confused, and who usually has some physical symptoms, such as a cold, fever, or cough. At this time they will be more nervous than before, calling to find out whether they are purely psychological problems, we call it "verification" , once they are sure that they are just psychological effects, they will then look for ways to improve, we call it "seeking the method" .

Deep One degree: Can you give an example?

Du Mingjun: A man called earlier and said he often took his temperature, every half hour or an hour, and he was very nervous.

We're judging the panic because he overrides his judgment with a single temperature reading. He kept asking, "is my temperature 37.5 degrees, is that a new coronavirus? " I was giving him a mental health education, telling him that everyone in this situation has similar symptoms of stress and anxiety and needs to calm down, don't scare yourself with a single indicator.

DEPTH: What is the geographical distribution of callers?

Du: one-third of our calls come from places outside Hubei. They have no local psychological counseling hotline, many of them have no contact history in Wuhan, is pure panic, their tension reflects the prevailing psychological state of society.

A mother once called to see a news story about a nine month old who had been infected with COVID-19. She was afraid that her three month old would be infected, too. We call these thoughts negative psychological cues, and they cause further panic.

Someone's panic comes from something substantial, and someone's panic, like the mother, comes from the panic itself, which is more likely to bring people down.

Deep once: have suspected or diagnosed patients come to consult?

Du: There was once a man who was diagnosed with pneumonia who called, to a lesser extent, and isolated himself in a house in the countryside as soon as he was diagnosed. He had not enough medicine or supplies, so he called to talk about his anxiety and worry.

In fact, he's well-isolated, has his own house, and until this phone call, he ignored all of those objective advantages. He watched the news every day feeling sorry for himself, worried that he was getting sicker and that he would be the one to die, like the numbers he counted every day. That was the fear itself.

After being there and listening, I combed through his thoughts and asked him what you could do to calm yourself under the circumstances. He thought for a moment and then said, "I see. ".

Deep once: Is there a front-line medical staff to consult?

Du Mingjun: relatively few. Their professionalism does not allow them to be too concerned with their inner feelings at this time. Many hospitals have their own psychological intervention and rescue hotline, we support several hospitals online, they can not deal with, need secondary intervention will be transferred to us.

Deep once: Everyone for the outbreak of fear, is it also indirectly that the current prevention and control of some problems, not enough to give you a sense of security?

Du Mingjun: You can't draw an equal sign on this. The fear must come from real events, and it is not easy to generalize about the extent to which people's fears are caused in part by the current epidemic and in part by the individual's own experiences.

Psychological rescue is the supplement of epidemic prevention and control. From my personal point of view, of course, I hope the government will provide more assistance in areas such as health care. For most citizens, while prevention and control are being carried out, if the basic needs of everyone in production and life can be ensured, a person's state of mind will naturally calm down.

Of course, from a psychological point of view, it is better to have a psychological expectation, that is, to tell everyone how long it will take, and the psychological expectation should be moderate, not too short, and not too long. If it is too short, there will be a drop and anxiety, if it's too long, you'll start worrying again.

Fear itself is much easier to overpower

Deep degree: In the face of the epidemic, which psychological stress response is normal, which is not normal?

Du: It is normal to be nervous, afraid and anxious, but it is abnormal to be suicidal or socially aggressive. In terms of the work done so far, the help calls are basically within the normal range.

Deep one: CAN PANIC BE CONTAGIOUS?

Du: Yes, it's a communal and social trait. Even if it's not expressed in words, it's perfectly capable of conveying fear through feelings. If you are in a panic situation and need to have a strict protection mechanism for yourself, including all aspects of health protection, be firm in your heart: At least so far I am healthy.

Once upon a time: once in anxiety, how should the average person adjust the state of mind?

Du Mingjun: The first is "less" , that is to say, less mobile phones and less negative news. Because negative news can accumulate negative feelings, such feelings can cause confusion to people, to a certain extent will affect the body; secondly, "Many" , can be at home under existing conditions, reading books and listening to music, playing Tai Chi, practicing yoga, or to carry out some chess and card activities, past life ignored the good, hobbies, can be found at this time.

Deep degree: Is there a small practical way to ease the mood?

Du Mingjun: Abdominal breathing is recommended first, in addition to which there is a small technique of psychological block. When people are in an extreme mood, the mood will be like a dog, people will be led away, this is the need to call off. You can take out your right hand, turn your palm into a knife, and "chop" down hard, while shouting stop, stop the negative thoughts here.

Deep degree: How should the medical staff of Epidemic Prevention front-line adjust mood?

Du Mingjun: Medical Staff must first accept, from the big level to the small level, that the big epidemic is there, and that your duties and responsibilities are there. After accepting it, they will face and solve it, and extend it to the whole epidemic, what we're doing is working through it, and when we do, it's GonNa be over. It's called letting go. The next thing to do is to turn around so that you can enter a new cycle. This is the psychology of the life cycle, encountered anything is the same.

At the same time, the medical staff need to understand and affirm that they are the greatest and the hardest in this war, and I can't do anything on the hotline, but on behalf of all the citizens and families to pay tribute to them. Because other than their professional status, they're just people.

Deep: How do you feel about the inability of some counselors to provide real help to their patients?

Du Mingjun: Since we are psychological counselors, we should do our job well as psychological counselors. Everyone's ability is limited, to learn to face their own, know what they can do, but also to understand what they can not do, have this boundary is the best state. Ordinary people, for example, are contributing by staying isolated at home. Don't go beyond your boundaries and do what you can't do.

This article was jointly produced by Beijing Youth Daily and Tencent News, and can not be reproduced without authorization.

Confession of a high-speed train "close contact" : He sat next to me, did not take off his mask | in-depth report

My 22 days of fighting the COVID-19 | in depth

A volunteer of Wuhan Red Cross Society | in-depth report

Go to "discover"-"take a look" browse "friends watching"

Sent

####Send it to take a look

Sending

A scan of wechat
Pay attention to the account


-------------
title: A front-line psychological consultant in Hubei: Panic makes him take his temperature every half hour | deep dialogue
source: bei-qing-shen-yi-du
authors: _
editors: _
proofreader: _
photographer: _
translator: _
via: https://github.com/2019ncovmemory/nCovMemory
link: https://mp.weixin.qq.com/s/gjBMJkXdcracVbA4TYFVcw
archive: http://archive.is/rOlKQ
snapshot: https://github.com/2019ncovmemory/nCovMemory/blob/master/archive/jpg/362.jpg
lead: Fear itself is much easier to overpower
cover: data:image/jpeg;base64,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
