##I walked 50 kilometers back to Wuhan to deliver food

Micro-signal Zairenjian11

Features, with a calm narrative against the cold | phoenix network produced in the human studio

One

My name is Li Fengjie. I deliver food in Wuhan.

I wanted to stay in Wuhan for the New Year, but as soon as I left the House on the morning of December twenty-nine, my mother kept calling me, calling me every ten minutes or half an hour, urging me to go home, there's a COVID-19 in Wuhan. If you don't come back, you'll never come back. I couldn't get to work, and when they called, they couldn't find me.

Before that, I also saw a lot of news and COVID-19 feeds. At the end of December, before the virus had spread, I saw some riders wearing masks. I said, "what's with the mask? ". They said, it seems that Wuhan has viral pneumonia.

As a delivery boy, that's something to keep in mind. We deliver food to our customers, to our businesses, to our takeout. I'm the master. There's twenty of us. I started asking everyone to wear a mask.

Things are getting worse. When people go out on the street, they wear masks and cover themselves up. After some pharmacies, see a lot of people blocking the door of the pharmacy, to buy masks, buy protective equipment. A week before New Year's Eve, I went to a regular community delivery, suddenly can not enter, I asked what the situation, security said it was because of the virus.

Later, the leaders told us that these grassroots riders, where can be a collar mask. Some runners also thought the virus was serious and went home early. The Spring Festival is approaching, our group from January 12, one after another home, to January 19, has left more than half.

As Master of the Knights, I can not return with you. Now there are seven of us left. They are a few originally live in Wuhan, in Wuhan bought a house, on this side of the New Year.

I do not know what the nature of the virus, I thought, may be similar to the SARS in 2003. I was born in 1996, in fact, SARS is not deep impression.

But on December twenty-nine, my parents insisted on calling me back, so I thought I'd go back and calm them down. I plan to go back to Wuhan after the Lunar New Year's Eve.

By then, the Wuhan to Xiaogan long-distance passenger train had stopped running. My cousin is also going back from Wuhan, my mother called my cousin, let him give me a ride. A little after three in the afternoon, I went back with my cousin. When we got off the highway, the workers at the checkpoint took our temperature.

Two

Unexpectedly, I go back to the same night, Wuhan's Highway Junction was closed, the national road was closed. All long-distance passenger trains are out of service. No means of transportation. I used to take an hour and a half long-distance bus to and from Wuhan and Xiaogan.

I told my parents, I can't. I have to find a way back to Wuhan. I felt that I had to go back to Wuhan, where my team members still work, and as a Cavallergist, I felt that I should join them in Wuhan to fight the epidemic and serve hot meals to the doctors and nurses scattered in the hospital.

I saw a lot of news on the mobile phone, people from all over came to support Wuhan. I think it has something to do with me, my team is still in Wuhan, still insist, I should be together with them for the people in need of a hot meal.

But my parents said No. At that time Xiaogan also has the epidemic situation, their in the mind is a bit flustered. I'm at home with them, doing mental work. They didn't really know about the virus in Wuhan, just heard that it was very powerful. I tell them repeatedly every day, do not worry, should come, should not come will not come, if the virus to find me, I how to hide useless, I go to Wuhan will be fine.

My parents asked me how you would get home without a car, and I said I would walk. They can't beat me.

I am determined.

On the first day of the first lunar month, at seven o'clock in the morning, after having breakfast, I set off on foot from home. It was still a misty day, walking along, slowly light up. To lighten my load, I only brought my cell phone and a bottle of water. My home to Wuhan is fifty kilometers, I was expected to walk up to ten hours, before dark to Wuhan.

From home, I went up the national road, both sides of the national road are rice fields, there is no crops, empty, you can see some of the village houses.

It's a depression, but I'm happy. Mom and dad finally let me go. Don't go back without telling me. They just say they want to be safe.

I'm excited. Not so fast. Do not run long-distance walking, will waste energy, but not far, but also very tired, that is, walking at a constant speed on the end.

I used to be a soldier in the army. I had a training every month, that is, hiking. I was in good physical condition then. It was easy to walk 50 kilometers. It has been five years now without much exercise, relying entirely on their own perseverance.

I keep walking, I keep walking, I don't stop, I don't check my phone. There was a section of the national highway where no one was to be seen, and I thought to myself, how come there was no one here, and there was no village or House to be seen. Both legs are numb. I don't know if I should stop. I just feel like it's the right thing to do.

There's hardly any traffic on the national highway. We occasionally came across a couple of people wandering the road, and we were all wearing masks, and because of the epidemic, we avoided each other as much as we could. The road between the villages on both sides of the state road was cut off by mounds, and the bridge was cut off by mounds. I climbed over the mounds.

After a couple of hours on the state road, I began to take the back roads, weaving through the fields. Because the path is closer, it saves time. But there's NO NAV in here. Nav Just leads me to the main road. I used to drive back and forth a lot, but I remember a little bit. My cousin had pointed me in a direction before, and I went in that direction.

I'm just GonNa keep walking in that direction, wherever I can. The road here, you seem to be on the opposite side, but in the middle is separated by a large ditch, but also to detour.

Three

I've been thinking a lot about this trip. First, I worry about the road closure, and when I go over there, will not set up a card, let me go back to Wuhan. But I think my brother is still in Wuhan, I want to go back as soon as possible. Very tired, I give myself encouragement, think I have arrived at this place, even if I have to block me, I will go back to Wuhan.

What I'm looking forward to is a ride on the road. But I walked all the way from home to the edge of Wuhan without touching it. I kept telling myself, "there's got ta be a ride. There's GonNa be a ride. "! If you do not think so, the long road, at a glance can not see the end, people will be disappointed.

It was a little after three-thirty in the afternoon, and I was tired of walking, and the weather began to get cold. Then two private cars came and I tried to stop them and ask if they could take me. But they don't stop, and they don't talk to me. I could understand them, so I kept going.

I've been walking all day. I haven't even had lunch. Is to completely forget to eat lunch and not feel hungry. In the afternoon, all I could think about was that I would soon be in Wuhan. Every cell in my body is on fire. I said to myself, must arrive Wuhan before dark. Otherwise it's GONNA be dark. I can't find my way.

Until finally, I saw a concrete road, thought, wow, after the front of this section of the road, I arrived in Wuhan, not far.

Wuhan on the edge of a river, there is a bridge, the bridge has been blocked. From a distance I saw several men in Hazmat suits standing at the end of the bridge and the police. And I thought, "no way. ". So I followed the river and found another way in, and it took me about an hour or two to find the path.

The bridge over the Path is blocked. It's blocked. There's a mound of earth over there, and there's a big bulldozer right there. An older man stood guard, sitting on a bench, wearing a mask.

There are two people standing there also want to go to Wuhan, told me, not to pass. I was so stressed out, it was over, and I guess I had to find another way around. But I've come this far, across the bridge is Wuhan, it's impossible to go back the same way.

So I took a chance and went over. He asked me where I came from, I just said I came from the edge of Wuhan.

Uncle's wife is here to deliver the meal. She said to her husband, "just let him go. ". The uncle stood by the mound and said, "come over here and take your temperature. ". After taking his temperature and registering his ID card, he told us that he could not come out in Wuhan.

After I was let go, I was excited. It was still light, about four o'clock in the afternoon. Into Wuhan, I continue to walk slowly, while walking to see if there are cars on the road, can take me a ride.

After about half an hour's walk, near the East West Lake district, several cars pulled up and I asked them if they could get to Wuchang. They said, but they didn't know where. A driver said, as far as possible to send you that way, meet the set card, I stopped, you get off. We were lucky enough to take the second Yangtze River Bridge to the Wuchang Railway Station, and it was a smooth ride. I then contact people to meet me at the railway station, Wuhan district and district were set up between the card.

I live in Nanhu, Hongshan District. It took me more than ten hours to get home on the first day of the New Year. When I got home, it was half past six in the afternoon. I quickly tidied up the room and cooked myself a bowl of noodles.

Four

Back in Wuhan, I found it was different from before I left. Now the road was empty and there were hardly any people to be seen. The buses, the subways, they're all stopped. I felt very heavy and heavy. A bustling city is so polluted by the COVID-19 that many people are afraid to go out and stay at home.

Food delivery isn't as easy as it used to be. There are fewer merchants, fewer people ordering takeout, and most have already bought enough food at home.

But back to Wuhan on the third day, I began to take orders, go out to have a single merchant near. Every day there were few singles, so I rode my bike around the empty Great road, waiting for them. On the third day of the first lunar month, I made almost twenty trips.

Most of the tickets go to the neighborhood. Some neighborhoods are off-limits, others are off-limits. The community was afraid that the deliveryman would have cold symptoms, and we were also afraid that we would encounter cold customers when we delivered food.

There are seven people in my squad who are still taking orders, and I'm the youngest and the oldest is 40. Most people get a little nervous about hospital bills. They're gonNA ask me, "what do I do with this? Do I send it? ". I said I'd take it. Just don't go in. Stand by the door and let them pick it up. They call the doctor and take him to the hospital.

I've been to the hospital three times recently. The hospital usually delivers at PM. One time I was delivering food to a psychiatric hospital in Wuhan. When I got to the door, I found that there was a protective barrier. I wouldn't let anyone in. I called the doctors. They said they would come and get it. There are a lot of patients in the hospital, and it's a sensitive period, and we're waiting outside, and that's guaranteed for us.

I have a colleague, he had delivered food after the hospital, saw a kind-hearted people pull a cart of food to the hospital. I was moved by that. I know Meituan is now also giving free meals to some hospital staff, feel quite proud of it.

In fact, every time I go to the hospital, I'm not in a good mood. Another time I delivered food in the community, see the community was taken away by an ambulance, more or less also some nervous.

But I returned to Wuhan, will certainly continue to work, the bill to send the bill.

I've been doing takeout for three years, and it felt like I was making money fast and making good money. I didn't know anything at first. I was like Lin Bai. Take-out is a service industry, I know some people look down on us, but 360 lines, line out the top.

Normally, I'm the captain of the cavs, and I meet with the players all the time. I've only seen him three times in ten days. It's a special time. We're meeting in a small clearing. I reminded them to wear masks and to protect themselves. If anyone feels uncomfortable, give me a call.

When we go out, we keep our masks on, and we don't go out in public. Go to the restaurant to pick things up, we stand in the door, tell the boss I am Meituan number, the boss put food on the table outside the incubator, we came straight to pick up.

For security purposes, we deliver food in a contactless manner. As soon as the food arrived, I called the customers and told them it was at the door and they could pick it up. We all understand each other at special times.

Now I go out at 10:00 in the morning and come home at 10:00 at night. I don't usually look at Wechat, use less, I put the family group blocked, at night home occasionally to look.

I miss the bustling streets of Wuhan.

The new type of pneumonia is affecting people's hearts,

"In the world" is now available to National Netizens:

Video diary of an infected area
If you're in an infected area,
Please use photos (video) and written records
Everything you hear and see
No less than 3 photos
Text not less than 300 words
How to contribute: Zairenjianliving

(2) true story of the fight against the epidemic
Whether you're a first-line paramedic, a volunteer,
Confirmed or suspected patients and their family members, discharged patients, etc. ,
If you want to tell the story of the outbreak,
Please contact Zairenjian living on Wechat

The new type of pneumonia is affecting people's hearts,

"In the world" is now available to National Netizens:

Video diary of an infected area

If you're in an infected area,

Please use photos (video) and written records

Everything you hear and see

No less than 3 photos

Text not less than 300 words

How to contribute: Zairenjianliving

(2) true story of the fight against the epidemic

Whether you're a first-line paramedic, a volunteer,

Confirmed or suspected patients and their family members, discharged patients, etc. ,

If you want to tell the story of the outbreak,

Please contact Zairenjian living on Wechat

Go to "discover"-"take a look" browse "friends watching"

Sent

####Send it to take a look

Sending

A scan of wechat
Pay attention to the account


-------------
title: I walked 50 kilometers back to Wuhan to deliver food
source: zai-ren-jian-living
authors: _
editors: _
proofreader: _
photographer: _
translator: _
via: https://github.com/2019ncovmemory/nCovMemory
link: https://mp.weixin.qq.com/s/kLAdvBG3UAQqEFYQoU9BSA
archive: http://archive.is/0ea7J
snapshot: https://github.com/2019ncovmemory/nCovMemory/blob/master/archive/jpg/25.jpg
lead: I miss the bustling streets of Wuhan.
cover: data:image/jpeg;base64,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
