##Spring is here. Is it far from a hug

Micro Signal Fei

Function description

Today is the 14th day of the city closure of Wuhan, is also a sunny day.

It's been a long two weeks, the longest two weeks of my life. The people of Wuhan had an unprecedented Spring Festival, and everyone's mood fluctuated as the good news and the bad news came together.

I had a nervous breakdown yesterday, so I pulled myself together. Although the donation of money to the front line is simply far water can not put out the fire, but at least give money to make their hearts a little better.

The country's production capacity has been mobilized, every day I can hear the flight from the roof, I silently think, should be to Tianhe Airport landing, is to send medical staff to support, or to bring in the medical supplies in short supply?

Even two poor counties managed to donate scallions and bananas to Wuhan. The idea of common people is very simple, can not help others, give Wuhan to send a bit to eat Bai.

As I said, Wuhan is rarely hit by disasters, so this time I really realized what it means to have help from all sides when one is in trouble.

A friend of mine, organized a batch of supplies, in foreign countries can not be brought in, on the airport to find someone to bring, into zero, two boxes of two boxes so brought into the country, to support the first line. Every day to see her in the circle of friends asked, XX airport there is no one to help take two boxes back to the country?

We have the best people in the world.

Now we know what it means to be a people's sea, and we have stripped the world of its goods.

Oh, and there is good news. The number of temporary shelter hospitals in Wuhan has been increased to 13. Yesterday, it was 11. The day before yesterday, it was only 3.

Although the situation is still very serious, but the follow-up measures are also faster and faster, it is still a race against time, as long as the cure power outpaces the spread of the virus.

I did a lot of laundry, and today they're all hanging out in the sun. And you'll feel better when you see the sun. Wuhan as long as it is sunny, the temperature will rise quickly. Today turned out the New Year bought clothes, originally intended to wear on the first day, the first day did not care, today is very solemn put on new clothes, although stay at home, we also want to let oneself cheer up, seriously treat life.

It's spring. It's spring.

I believe it's closer to getting out of the House and embracing you.

Come on!

Thank you to the people of the whole country for your concern and support. Thanks again.

Love you 3,000 times. Mwah.

WECHAT SWEEPS UP Praise for author

####Send it to the author

People Admire

Long-press the QR code to transfer the funds to me

Under apple's new rules, wechat's iOS version of the APP has been turned off to support public accounts through Qr code transfers.

Go to "discover"-"take a look" browse "friends watching"

Sent

####Send it to take a look

Sending

A scan of wechat
Pay attention to the account


-------------
title: Spring is here. Is it far from a hug
source: fei-wo-si-cun
authors: _
editors: _
proofreader: _
photographer: _
translator: _
via: https://github.com/2019ncovmemory/nCovMemory
link: https://mp.weixin.qq.com/s/59vYCTjAmGMIT79ecoRQLg
archive: https://archive.is/DiIjH
snapshot: https://github.com/2019ncovmemory/nCovMemory/blob/master/archive/jpg/1362.jpg
lead: Today is the 14th day of the city closure of Wuhan, is also a sunny day. It's been a long two weeks. It's been the longest two weeks of my life.
cover: data:image/jpeg;base64,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
