##"special effect medicine" the old tree opens a new flower, AIDS and a stream medicine is the life-saving Straw of new coronary pneumonia?

Micro signal

Function introduction, the official account of tecent science and technology of tecent news banner, read technology here!

Source: Periscope

By Liu Peng

On February 4th, the Lunar New Year begins. Under the urgent situation caused by the COVID-19, the experimental results of Li Lanjuan's team, a member of the Chinese Academy of Engineering and a high level expert group member of the National Health Commission, have given new hope for combating the epidemic.

The team reports that two drugs previously used to treat influenza A and B and AIDS have been shown to significantly inhibit COVID-19 in vitro, as well as the virus's cytopathic effects on cells.

Specifically, Arbidol at a concentration of 10 to 30 micromoles was 60 times more effective in inhibiting coronavirus and significantly inhibiting the cytopathic effect of the virus on cells than the untreated control group. At the concentration of 300 micromoles, the inhibition efficiency of Darunavir was 280 times as high as that of the untreated group.

The results were interpreted as a major breakthrough in the fight against the epidemic. Both drugs have a broad spectrum and can be used to screen for effective drugs, which is good news for the current outbreak, said antiviral drug, a drug expert. Based on these results, Li Lanjuan's team suggested that the two drugs should be included in the sixth edition of the NMHC's COVID-19.

According to Ya Feng Dong, professor of pathology at the University of Kansas School of Medicine and director of international PROMPT, this is the first time that two drugs have been found in vitro, that can cause COVID-19 damage. But he also suggests that in vitro trials are effective, not necessarily in humans. The success of in vitro trials is the first step, and it needs to be validated in humans before it can be used to treat patients. Therefore, academician Li's discovery is only the first step in the Long March to find new viral drugs.

The National Health and Human Services Commission later responded that "effective" drugs are the result of in vitro cell experiments and are still far from clinical practice, hoping to shorten the cycle by speeding up the process, apply truly effective treatments to actual clinical practice.

Below is a transcript of the conversation between periscope and Dong Yafeng:

PERISCOPE: Li Lanjuan's team made a big announcement on February 4, announcing a major breakthrough in the treatment of COVID-19 with the drugs Arbidol and Dalunavir, which has attracted wide attention, how would you rate this achievement?

Dong Yafeng: First of all, congratulations to academician Li Lanjuan and his team. It is also the first time that Arbidol and Darunavir have been shown to kill COVID-19 in vitro.

These two drugs aren't actually new. Arbidol is currently used to treat influenza A and B in adults and children, as well as acute viral respiratory tract infection. Its Mechanism of action is to inhibit viral replication by affecting the fusion of Viral Lipid membranes and host cells; Darunavir, a drug often used in combination with Ritonavir, is used to treat AIDS by selectively inhibiting HIV proteins and thus blocking the formation of HIV particles.

I also saw today that academician Li's work was reported through the news media instead of being published in the usual scientific journals. This is mainly due to time constraints, and the reason is understandable. Academician Li's result was obtained in vitro experiment. I would like to remind everyone that the significance of this result should be interpreted scientifically and objectively.

"Periscope" : Academician Li's team found that the above-mentioned drugs were 60 times and 280 times more effective in suppressing the virus at a certain concentration. Does this mean that we have a powerful weapon in fighting the epidemic?

Dong Yafeng: Academician Li's team has done the original work in vitro on the new uses of the above-mentioned old drugs, which is very meaningful, but we can not conclude that these two drugs can treat patients with new pneumonia.

A large number of drug studies have shown that the results of drug trials in vitro are often different from those in humans; in other words, trials in vitro work, not necessarily in humans. There is no correlation between the multiple of drug efficiency in vitro and the efficacy in Vivo. The success of in vitro trials is the first step, and it needs to be validated in humans before it can be used to treat patients. Therefore, academician Li's discovery is only the first step in our Long March to find new viral drugs.

"Periscope" : We note that the preliminary test released by Academician Li's team today shows the above results in vitro cell experiments. What are the steps needed to get the drug from in vitro studies to clinical trials to final approval? How long will it take?

Dong Yafeng: Drug Research is a very serious, scientific, objective work, related to our reverence for life. The process of Drug Research, declaration, approval and final clinical approval is very complicated. In general, the first step is to do in vitro experiments, using cells or viruses to screen for effective chemicals; after in vitro experiments are effective, they are then tested in animals; after they are proved effective in animals, they can be tested in humans; Human trials will be very cautious, to select a certain number of patients and control groups, through Phase I, Phase II, Phase III clinical trials, the safety, toxicity, effectiveness and other multiple indicators of evaluation, the final test effective, then apply to the State Drug Administration and issue a new drug certificate.

The development of new drugs often takes years, even more than a decade. For example, China's first Nobel Prize winner, Tu Youyou, was the head of the team for the invention of Artemisinin, which is used to treat malaria. The project was launched in 1969, animal experiments were completed four years later, human trials began in 1972, and a new class of drug certificate was obtained in 1986, it took 17 years to get a new drug certificate from the start. The current results of Li's study are the first step in an in vitro trial, so I'd say it makes sense, but it's only the first step in a Great Wall of China study.

PERISCOPE: Both drugs, Arbidol and Darunavir, are already on the market. Why not develop new drugs? What are the benefits of this new use of the old medicine?

Dong Yafeng: As I said before, the research and development cycle of a new drug is very long. Academician Li is wise to select the drugs already on the market for their new use of R & D, at least in the drug safety do not worry. But the work is a long way from being translated into a drug to treat new forms of pneumonia.

PERISCOPE: If all goes well, what will be the impact of these drugs on the epidemic?

Dong Yafeng: I think this question is very important and crucial. As a medical professional, I can say scientifically and objectively that this work is of little use in the current outbreak. Because it's only been done in vitro, there's no clinical trial to prove it, and even if it starts in humans immediately, it could take years to see if it works. It's not GonNa do much for our fast-growing epidemic.

In foreign countries, with the approval of the Ethical Management Committee of patients and medical institutions, certain drugs with potential can be used as compassionate drugs. The first U.S. drug to treat a new type of pneumonia, Remdesivir, was developed as a clinical trial drug for Zaire Ebolavirus, a patient with the new type of pneumonia who was subjected to a compassionate application process.

As far as I know, the drug is also currently in Phase II human clinical trials for Zaire Ebolavirus, and I see that the company recently announced Phase III clinical trials for a new pneumonia virus in China, and I am cautiously optimistic.

"Periscope": was previously introduced to a number of hospital treatment procedures for AIDS Drugs Kleenex, two drugs side effects how much?

Dong Yafeng: cleats'full name is Vetto. Is also a treatment of AIDS drugs, and academician Li mentioned Da Luanwei are the treatment of AIDS drugs. I also note that the COVID-19 and Ritonavir are mentioned in the national infectious pneumonia protocol, and we need further evidence based data to confirm this. As for side effects, the side effects of AIDS drugs themselves are relatively large, and they interact with some drugs that treat other symptoms, but patients need not worry, the best dosage is determined by a professional physician who balances treatment effects with side effects.

PERISCOPE: At the time of the outbreak, what do you think the direction of our drug research should be? What are your thoughts and suggestions on current treatment priorities?

Dong Yafeng: This time I saw the high efficiency and high level of the domestic science and technology administrative departments and academic departments. For the new human coronavirus, organized a variety of new drug research and development, new use of old drugs, and integrated management of integrated western and Chinese medicine. This is very important.

At present, I suggest to do a good job of effective symptomatic treatment. Because this is a brand-new virus, we do not know its pathogenicity and mechanism. Previous experience in treating other viruses can be used, but I would suggest that evidence-based approaches to adjusting treatment regimens might help. Evidence-based medicine (EBM) is a medical model that aligns treatment plans based on the outcome of treatment. We have thousands of confirmed cases every day, and each patient has a different physical condition, age, and other history of chronic disease, and so on, and I recommend digitizing the patient's treatment regimen and symptom improvement database, using the validity of the data to guide the adjustment of our symptomatic treatment program, this can greatly improve the efficacy of symptomatic treatment.

PERISCOPE: How do the patients who have been cured recover so far?

Dong Yafeng: Don't panic, the death rate of the COVID-19 is not too high, in the treatment, I suggest that the focus should be on improving effective symptomatic treatment, so as to reduce the suffering of patients, to extend the patient's time. This is especially critical because, in the absence of new antiviral drugs and vaccines, treatment can extend patient survival, give the body enough time to activate its own immune system and kill COVID-19, as of February 4th, 2020, without a new drug, without a new vaccine, we have 733 patients who have been cured. Therefore, effective symptomatic treatment, believe in their own immune system, we will see more critically ill patients are cured.

Periscope: What do you think we should do now?

Dong Yafeng: two decisive factors in controlling the epidemic: the spread of the virus, and treatment. The best way to stop the spread of the virus is isolation, and we will continue to respond to the government's call to stay at home, and with regard to treatment, we suggest that we focus on the evidence-based treatment that we just talked about. The development of new drugs and vaccines is important, but far from being able to quench near-thirst.

Click on the image to read more

Click on it and it instantly looks better

Go to "discover"-"take a look" browse "friends watching"

Sent

####Send it to take a look

Sending

A scan of wechat
Pay attention to the account


-------------
title: "special effect medicine" the old tree opens a new flower, AIDS and a stream medicine is the life-saving Straw of new coronary pneumonia?
source: teng-xun-xin-wen-《-qian-wang-》
authors: _
editors: _
proofreader: _
photographer: _
translator: _
via: https://github.com/2019ncovmemory/nCovMemory
link: https://mp.weixin.qq.com/s/OuPnw66Xn-Gi1tGNxpNcPA
archive: http://archive.ph/xuZK5
snapshot: https://github.com/2019ncovmemory/nCovMemory/blob/master/archive/jpg/484.jpg
lead: Academician Li's discovery is the first step in the Long March to find new viral drugs.
cover: data:image/jpeg;base64,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
