##Special part of epidemic period (formalism and relief of grass roots)

Micro-signal Mengbeiyu

Feature Introduction, an anachronistic cynic's thought and attempt.

Harvard: A special chapter of the epidemic: The formalism and the basic reduction of the epidemic

I thought I was happy because my book, formalism under a mask and grass roots relief, got the attention of the People's Daily, semimonthly, and Xinhua, and then the state media started to speak out, local officials were lambasted for engaging in formalism activities during the epidemic season, which had taken up too much of the energy of cadres at the grassroots level.

At this time you will find a very obvious phenomenon, WE TAKE WECHAT PUBLIC ACCOUNT: Xinhua Daily Telegraph's "anti-epidemic series comments" as an example, if you open a few more comments, you will find, most of the articles have been read in the thousands or so, and some have been read in the tens of thousands, and "Daily Express series thirty-four: Don't let the formalism consume the protest energy of grass-roots cadres" has reached 100,000 + readers in one day. Media such as People's Daily and half-monthly talk can also see this trend. This series of phenomena all points to the same problem:

The grassroots have been formalism for a long time!

The frequent statements of the leaders and the state run media have also given US confidence in the fight against the epidemic and the formalism. FOR GRASS-ROOTS CADRES:

The first message is that the voices of the grass-roots can be heard from above, and the grass-roots people will always have more or less the idea of "conspiracy" , believing that the upper layer is blinded by the middle layer and can not see the real situation at the grass-roots level, but what I've learned in the two years I've been working on P.O.W. is that our organization is still very close to the grass roots, because I've found that no matter what the grass roots care about, the decision makers are quick to take notice.

Secondly, we have seen the determination of the decision makers to oppose the formalism. I think the harm of the formalism is obvious to all. At the grassroots level, manpower is a very precious resource, such as the town of Niaoyuhuazhen, last year, a total of 13 young people were selected for the exam, and at that time, the total number of young people in Niaoyuhuazhen was only more than 20. The number of young workers and staff members has been reduced by half, in addition, those who can pass the exams and are selected by county or city-level departments are already people with relatively strong abilities, so villages and towns have no choice but to transfer village cadres from village communities to work in town governments. In order to solve the problem of manpower shortage in town governments, Secretary Huang, each village must send a village cadre "hanging exercise" , when the plain is forced labor. But please believe that even a full-time college degree among village cadres is not enough. The people who can operate computers skillfully are the treasure of the village committee. We have drawn this kind of money to the town government, which has added to the burden of the village committee.

Provincial-level cities, city-level counties, county-level towns, township-level villages, layer by layer. This has led to a shortage of manpower in villages and towns, and even with such a shortage of human resources, some bureaucrats continue to engage in formalism practices during the epidemic period, adding to the burden on the grassroots. Projects such as demolition, flood reconstruction, linking up land increase and decrease, and construction of key projects have not been delayed because of the epidemic, and many of them are only two or three months away from the deadline given to US above, we need to do a good job in the prevention and control of the epidemic at the same time, actively promote demolition, flood reconstruction and other projects, so no office is willing to take out people. But with great boldness, Secretary Huang has drawn 10 young people from 10 offices to form the "office of Epidemic Prevention and control, " and their main work is reporting forms. The number of QQ working groups for epidemic prevention and control has reached seven, by 10 AM each day they are required to report five tabular figures to county level units.

But now the work has been relatively easy, but only relatively. Even after the official media issued a series of denunciations about the epidemic in formalism, the county level authorities still set up a new epidemic QQ group and invented two epidemic reporting forms, i wonder if it's really that hard to coordinate several county departments, and if designing a simple and useful form is really impossible. Yes, I doubt it.

Five years ago, when I first started in the township government, there were always people in the work group who came in to advertise. Village community leaders take pains to hope that the group managers can solve this problem, but they can do, but also see who posted ads on who will be a few days of silence or kicked out of the group, the effect is not to the satisfaction of group members. One day we were talking about it in the group, and I said, let me be the administrator, and I'll fix it in a week. Feng Zikai (now retired) , the village secretary at the time, and others trusted me enough to support me as a work group administrator, and I lived up to my expectations. A week later, until now, there had been once-a-day advertisements in the group, now that it doesn't happen once a year, my solution is simple:

First, the way to join the group members from the "Application Verification" system to "membership invitation" system, only allow group members to invite to join the group, who invited who is responsible for verification of identity, which administrator agreed, which administrator is responsible for modifying notes.

Second, three times a day: "members of the group must revise and improve their notes before next Monday, and all members of the group who have not revised their notes will be kicked out of the group by next Monday. " I later kicked out of the group were the deputy mayor, the director of the Office of the National People's Congress, the director of the target supervision office, and my later director of the Poverty Alleviation Office, Lao Hou, however, when they joined the workgroup for the second time, the administrator helped them to modify the notes.

Third, each village inventory of the village note staff, there are no people do not know, do not know, or have left the original unit, all kicked out of the group.

With just these three measures, we have solved the problem of advertising that has plagued us for years, and we haven't bounced back in five years. It was so easy that I was surprised that no one had ever done it before. So sometimes I believe that no one has done it, just because no one has done it, and not because it is so difficult to do it, for example, to coordinate the reporting of information from various departments during the epidemic period, if you appoint me as the "director of the Epidemic Situation Command in Ziwu County, " Can deduct points, can punish the person that kind of real power, I minutes of this department of "Form Addiction" cure clean.

Unfortunately, I'm not the head of the formalism, and I can't shut down Adhd, so in the first week, the first few days of the Office of Epidemic Prevention and control:

I'm broken. I'm completely broken.

All kinds of pressure and contradictions hit, the complexity of the work has let me on the edge of collapse, and a dispute with colleagues further deepened my pressure. I have the title of Deputy Director of the town government's prevention and control headquarters, but I have no real power. Maybe "deputy director" just means more staff than others. Baiyang and Empress Lü Zhi have their own ideas, but they won't listen to me, after Huang severely criticized me, I couldn't sleep at home. I punched the wall with my fist and roared wildly in the room. Finally, I sent Huang his first text message to get out of work in five years:

Secretary Huang, I know you are busy, but I have to send you this message at this time, because I believe it is extremely important for me and the epidemic prevention work. After a few days of work, I found that I was not suitable for the epidemic prevention office, I work with several colleagues, the work philosophy is different, we think about the problem and the way to solve the problem are not the same, which makes me very stressed, let me very painful, i even had a severe headache. I do not exclude work, I can assume the work of other posts in epidemic prevention, I think at this time I left the original post for the best choice, I believe I can play a better role in other posts than the current post. I wanted to send this message yesterday, but I was afraid of getting cold feet and affecting the prevention and control work of the whole town. At this time, the approximate data had already been determined. Leaving at this time would not have much influence on the prevention and control work. I hope Secretary Huang can fulfill it.

After the text message was sent, Du Yumen held a "epidemic prevention and Control Headquarters" meeting in the afternoon and made some adjustments to the division of Labor. I was transferred to the material management group, and my colleague Xue Haiyang took over my work, xue Haiyang slammed his notebook down on the table with a dead expression that read "dissatisfied. ". I was actually a little bit happy, because Xue's performance at least showed that the work I was undertaking was extremely heavy, even from the outside.

But I was a deserter, at a time when the epidemic was under control. I was a guilty deserter, even if I was insecure and guilty, but I believed I had to do it, not just for me, but for my work. I don't know what Secretary Huang, director Du, and my colleagues in the Office of Epidemic Prevention and control will think of me, but I deserve it. I didn't expect to be an X-MAN and put up a sign.

I can not be reconciled to this. Just as in the fight against poverty, I spent four and a half years in poverty alleviation and the most chaotic initial period of poverty alleviation policies. In the second half of 2019, I was transferred. The prevention and control of the epidemic was also chaotic in the first few days, many bureaucrats like to rush to prove they are serious about an epidemic without giving it enough thought, even when their work on the epidemic is neither urgent nor necessary. For example, the political and legal committees, migrant workers center, and other departments, but they still have to follow the general trend of the invention of their own forms, to fill in the township, we do their own thing, not communicate with each other.

The situation that caused this situation is the thought of official standard. As I said to Wu Meng, "this is bureaucracy. You're new to the job, so you're not used to it, and when you're in the job for a long time, you realize that the point of individual bureaucrats is never to solve problems, they do things to solve responsibilities, then they don't care, no matter what the consequences, because it's not their fault.

Many years ago I heard a satirical joke about a man who had been shot with an Arrow and went to see a surgeon, who cut the shaft off his body. The Arrow man asked him what to do about the Arrow in his body. The surgeon said, "I am a surgeon. I only care about the outside. If you go to the physician now, that is his business. " This is the way of thinking of individual bureaucrats. The starting point of doing things is to solve the responsibility, instead of solving problems.

It is also because the mountains are high and the emperor is far away. It may be because the storm is approaching. It may be because the county leaders never watch the news. It may be because many people are not aware of it. In short, even though the state run media frequently spoke out against formalism during the epidemic, the improvement in Ziwu County was not at all noticeable to those of us at the grassroots level. You know, sometimes I think the problem is US, too:

This "we" refers to all the cadres at the grass-roots level, including myself naturally. Grassroots cadres always carry with them my own weakness. A typical example is me. Even though I hated some of the county's bureaucratic practices to the teeth, when the relevant State Department staff contacted me, actively guiding me to log on to the State Department's website to report, I chickened out. I do letters and visits, I know that some walls in the world will still have a leak of the crack, with my five years of knowledge of some of the Ziwu County officials, they will not be willing to harm their own interests and things will not give up. This is the weakness of the grass-roots cadres, even if we hate them to the bone, few of US dare to stand up and take a stand against these local bureaucrats.

Even, many people believe me, said read my article to share, but fear of being seen by superiors, to their own small shoes to wear; many people leave a lot of comments, also told me not to select out, lest be found by the leadership. There has never been a savior, nor a divine emperor. To break the formalism burden that weighs down the grass roots, we must not only pay attention at the top, but also work at the grass roots. One day, the vast majority of us will no longer be weak, the grass-roots cadres must be able to devote all their energies to something truly meaningful, such as serving the people.

My article, formalism under a mask and grass roots relief, was deleted, but I felt very sad, very sad, and even depressed for several days. But it affected the People's Daily, Xinhua News Agency, half-moon talk and other media, by the decision-making level of attention, this is the result of our (I and readers) joint efforts. Even though it's not going to make a difference right now, I figured it out: formalism is a long term process, and formalism is a long term process, we can not hope through a two articles, a document, a "grass-roots relief year" on a once-and-for-all solution to the grass-roots formalism problems. But it is a spark before the prairie is set ablaze, is a wave in the historical trend, each of us is a shining firefly, as long as we do not forget the original intention, remember the mission, with solid work practical action against the formalism, over time, from top to bottom, a consensus has emerged that the "formalism" will surely become a rat crossing the street and everyone will cry havoc.

So we still have to refuel, now is only the first step of the Long March. We share the aspiration of all our colleagues at the grass-roots level.

Share this article with everyone you know

WECHAT SWEEPS UP Praise for author

####Send it to the author

People Admire

Long-press the QR code to transfer the funds to me

Under apple's new rules, wechat's iOS version of the APP has been turned off to support public accounts through Qr code transfers.

Go to "discover"-"take a look" browse "friends watching"

Sent

####Send it to take a look

Sending

A scan of wechat
Pay attention to the account


-------------
title: Special part of epidemic period (formalism and relief of grass roots)
source: ji-ceng-xu-gou-gu-shi
authors: _
editors: _
proofreader: _
photographer: _
translator: _
via: https://github.com/2019ncovmemory/nCovMemory
link: https://mp.weixin.qq.com/s/A8eaCevTYIBCoasmZYbUkg
archive: http://archive.is/tnkVT
snapshot: https://github.com/2019ncovmemory/nCovMemory/blob/master/archive/jpg/976.jpg
lead: The formation of the formalism is a long process, and so is the breaking of the formalism, we can not hope through a two articles, a document, a "grass-roots relief year" on a once-and-for-all solution to the grass-roots formalism problems. As long as we remain true to our original intention, keep our mission firmly in mind, and take concrete action to resist the formalism, we will surely succeed
cover: data:image/jpeg;base64,/9j/4AAQSkZJRgABAQAAAQABAAD/2wBDAAYEBQYFBAYGBQYHBwYIChAKCgkJChQODwwQFxQYGBcUFhYaHSUfGhsjHBYWICwgIyYnKSopGR8tMC0oMCUoKSj/2wBDAQcHBwoIChMKChMoGhYaKCgoKCgoKCgoKCgoKCgoKCgoKCgoKCgoKCgoKCgoKCgoKCgoKCgoKCgoKCgoKCgoKCj/wAARCAA3AIMDASIAAhEBAxEB/8QAHAAAAQUBAQEAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAMEBQYHAgEI/8QANxAAAgEDAgQEBAUDAwUAAAAAAQIDAAQRBSEGEjFBEyJRYQcUcYEjMpGhwRVCsVJTYnKS0eHx/8QAGQEAAwEBAQAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAQIDBAAF/8QAKREAAgICAQMDAgcAAAAAAAAAAAECEQMSITFBUQQTImGRFDJxgaGx4f/aAAwDAQACEQMRAD8A2DVdNMt9BBhHhduTdjtygnfvnFWa1hW3t44YwAqKFGBisz0z4gafr91Zz2Np4F8sh5lmcYdcYxkdeu30p/8AETj2DR9HVdFu7abUZZAn4bLJ4Qxkkj9MU0ckFbQjTZodMb69+VZGIyjA1mPAXxPutSng07VIUklc8iXSjBdjnHlxg9ht9an+Kb54rePDu2XHk3Awd+vrjNN70atHRxtlnsdX8d7eMgmSUZO2MD1/xUlJapIchUQ84kJCKeY/cd/XrWRcY8RX/C9qflDF45kESsdyqeY/+KT+EnxAu59V+R12WP5e6YlJppOVkkxso9Q23pillninTDo0bTQNjTdLuBscsq79Bneubm+gt43d3GVGcZxV1JE6odZ3rpBzZ9gTUE2tCWNfAjDS824DZ5dv0pOPXFeR4S5RiOYEjGAOuTQc1QVEnWrmqWnEVveagCmrxQxo5U80oCg+u/X2+tRnFnxP0/R7ma1gzcXCeRiuyISNjzdznFI8sUtr4O0ZoFxcwwRSySyKFiUs+NyB9BvVb4p4ts9IsYJQjzrcEr5TyciY3fcdsisYvLq/vmfVGeWVXCyOQxPMc48xX8udz6Yq+PYJc/Dy7WYs8sPLLAqKC+VxsueucnrUVmc7SRRQSMm1qR4ZbhGiPjliWLk9znJ77jf6VV765uI4g3h8wIO6HzD0/wDtabxfw/d2+qLDH4rEsQZZOXzsACzAjAUb1TdWsDaBHuEcSS4YDGNux39ev0rz2tZdCpVGkuIjyMMsoGc5oqwrKqrhkXmHXm65oo7/AEGpDLSNWacKqsonKMreYgkYxn/Peo5JRHG7KwKydSDnGNsZx3qwWfAQubomx1FA6Eq0c8ZQgkEFWGSVPXY1xb/D/icyvbCxCpGQBLJcRrGfcFmGR9K1rBpz2ZFSi+Bbg+9B1GW7MwQWCi4Vc8pdlJwqjbfODge9d2+rXl2zyyXcjTqeflZu+c43qStOAb60Tkn1rSI5Gc+VbgyH2zgVIH4aavkFNS0+VZD52VmHKAO+3T6VKrKqNDbWeIo9SQXGqCZbto1CqjeRmBOHx6EdvUGoSK6Szlg1FmPhw3KsUQYJGcg79QeX+KsHEnAOo6esEkLLcxKgLlH5gpB6Akb7b7VWBaeNBJbRyRMJ3XLmQnHLk4x96DerWwNXPoX7SuOIJNGv2aWUAvzpGwyQM+b271xpXxKkdZLLV1AtukckIPl7eYZ3GKqGk6dptjcRxarMXt5Z0HNGcKoyebPcHHTHvUBf2ltLdTwW1zO7KzhAi4QqDnr1JwKpHK5uo9A+1q/maPxBxhfmIRaTO0QdQ0shwBgbD7mvNH45RNGv7PWbf5yeRWVXU8oIYEbnqCCc7delZ6bqQRRxQCULy4jV1ySoHU1xpshnFq0kEzL80PmRH+Yxe3vs37UtSXDFa5bRa9K1CO3VzBLI6jZQ6qGbcbH0plrcJl1eadLhrgSfjGRxykk7kY+u3vTnh3Slmv7h7u4giskkI8Jm5Xxvy5/QE0vdWUIu1tbmWKZ3iRgLeLlxkEjmLMSB3xjPSk2aen7loenlOOy819fsLW/Et9JZ2NsWigt7ZB5IUCgqD/djqd+/rS9jxXquo6iNLsrx44blPl0RQCSDufv70yv7WysoEaBxMSSkzIniMACC2wYBRv1b+KkLXhLWbaA8Rx2tlp2lxOqr8xMGlYk8vMSM4xnOBjp0ptG02GUfaajJ/bn+UNp0liuZ4zcP4kcnL13B7nI2/eveJYPmILWad3N4tsqnI2K9QT9iKl+KLSxsbc2+n6rAGmbmluI08VnONggICgdDn696j9AtbNr0JPq11eSJG3NE6fhkDJyQSc47faoOMUvzC2rpIrsMRaNWYDJGdziip23k4YaCMzW14ZCo5iHIycenail48oA5+JPGNhdcU2kVhpk9o8jrAmqqSvjk/wBrxkDnUHvnIG4NdQcSqqtY63YiWANh2B8RQQfzIQCfodveml/rWuO0b2t9p91Akaz+I2nwpJEe6kkbHtlTvTS51/im4uGKx6MfxMMvy6rkdPU+m+On3rdD1cIcWqM8sadPuWCPVuE28PmeRJEPU2jAMM9CAMdNjUmmt6BGQum6qIYjt4U6uAp/4NjK/Tce1ZtNJrV5qcLXdrpccAlHiQxXLBpFDDmC4Oxwf5qK1XWtZ4U1i8l0q5RtPkMkCS8ofniJ6EHdSNhkEbjrVY+oxN1F8i6s16/4utbWxXNzpWoNz+UfNKrFvpgb/vSXFOn2MWh6fqHj+Ct6gmhuPw385GWVlPUg7HpnrnasWfjR576yvhawJqNt5TLufHXqA5JJOPXYkbHNT7X9zqhtLSK6ij09ESRWuQZGDFfNyhcYHYL+9JOoPeKKqTcdZMd6LpP9bv3uXXwmDhAsMgEbD/XgfU9v8ZpvyKguGwBF4rCPbsNs5+taRwhYLDDHBFNAEdd3jtVhCqBuepOwHc1T+IND/pcNvbXDtIzKWJK43LEkY/Ss2HN7k5dl2KQg2r8DHha68LjK1iwCs0bRgHffGSf2H61qcSIDsFUnbOM/+6zbhK1jHEVtzRRu0YdlYjdPL1GO9aKPY081GxuvIqba3ZhLLb28jE452jVif2zUdfcP6NfzrNc2UbSKMAxuyY/7TTsBgwZWYMOhG2K6MjPKGnBf1wcE/ep6rrRyGFhw9punLdHTjc28lxH4bEzFwBnPQ13JoYmiEa6xKkajlVJIecY7Z361ISCHlBgkk36pIoyPuNjSfMV/NtUpYYZOWFcEMNCuILN3R4LiSNyqIFBZlzsR6fSkL2x1KzgS5aGNVkAAAJLL7EY2qwjzd69BK/kcg+21S/CxHTRU4tN1m4jWWOzkZHGVIZACPvRVt8e4Gwnkx/1GipP0r7V9v9G+PgzJ5TZQTyyL4pEXKJAAvlAPb79/SuE1N5ZvCZRNMDl1dR5CD1Bx9DRRSxgpK2YLHGnXiRQExWZZVYIuJBzPkE8wJHUjJOcdMVA8SX9lq3DUry/hyx8wXzMSuEBAzjGOm3rnfvRRVMMFtfe0OZ7ZX2XTxmYqmAFCgZHua0XhvUW8MNbWcSYXAJCk/rRRXo518RT6U1vT7SDRtMura2igdY05+Ubtlc4PrgjOTWEfFeea80COWWQ+LHcq3MNjhsgg+vaiipYOUv1N0FUZV4HPwrgSzu+JoGCkQ3KgN1wPP0qxz6xClyIYlaQk4J6UUU8VcnY2Za4o15f9kqpyKUI9aKKUkHIQKVtp5rZiYnxnZgQCGHuDRRXPngA5D2U+fmLdrd/9y3/L90P8GmToA7eE/OvYkYz9qKKVKg2Jc3qDmiiiiA//2Q==
