##Emergency in Suizhou. A County Hospital has a "0" stockpile of protective materials

Wechat, bingdianweekly

Features, China Youth Daily's in depth reporting brand. We believe that news has more than one day of life.

Author | Jiangshan

Editor | Zhang Guo

On February 5, a list of the urgent needs of the Second Hospital in Guangshui, Hubei Province, seen by the reporter of the China Youth Daily website China Youth Daily, showed that, the hospital medical protective masks, medical goggles, protective shoe covers and many other items in stock are "0. ". Guangshui is one of Suizhou's county-level cities.

Guangshui Second Hospital Logistics and material support responsible person confirmed to reporters that this is Guangshui new pneumonia epidemic prevention and control of one of the two designated hospitals, the demand list is true. "We can only use used goggles, mask disinfection re-use, shoe cover their own processing. Disposable hand sanitizer can not be bought everywhere, can only be made with alcohol. "

He told reporters that Guangshui Second Hospital has more than 100 medical staff, medical supplies "are piecemeal" , there is no N95 masks and other emergency necessities.

Graph Self Network

For days, messages from hospitals in Suizhou, Hubei Province, have circulated on social media. On the afternoon of February 5, the reporter of the China Youth Daily website learned from the new crown pneumonia epidemic prevention and control headquarters in Suizhou and the central Suizhou hospital that Suizhou has received some donations, but due to logistics reasons, medical protective materials are still in short supply.

As of 2400 hours on February 4, a total of 16,678 cases of COVID-19 pneumonia have been reported in Hubei Province, including 706 in Suizhou. Suizhou has a resident population of more than 2.2 m and has a higher proportion of confirmed cases than other cities.

On February 3, the only top-three Hospital in Suizhou, Florida, the central Suizhou Hospital announced its acceptance of donations from the public, the list of scarce protective materials includes "medical surgical mask, N95 mask, disposable medical mask, medical protective clothing, isolation clothing, disposable surgical clothing, protective mask, anti-shock eye mask, medical shoe cover, etc. . ".

Suizhou epidemic prevention and Control Headquarters staff told reporters that the local community has received donations. From February 4, Suizhou banned private cars, online taxis and taxis in the city, "in an effort to keep everyone at home" . Another staff member from the headquarters involved in material support told reporters that Suizhou had reported to the Hubei Provincial Party Committee and provincial government, and that on February 5, Xiaodong Wang, deputy party secretary and governor of Hubei Province, had gone to Suizhou to coordinate the settlement.

Among the many appeals for help posted online, one said, "SUIZHOU's economic development level in the province is relatively backward, medical resources are scarce, only the central Suizhou hospital a TRIPLE-A hospital. Suizhou only has a four-person medical team in Inner Mongolia to reinforce it... it is in urgent need of medical teams, material support and policy support."

SUIZHOU epidemic prevention and Control Command staff, as of February 5, the local only a four-person medical team from Inner Mongolia to support. The medical team arrived in Suizhou on January 31. The number of new cases in Suizhou has been rising rapidly in recent days, in part because of a steady decline in the number of new cases, after more advanced equipment from outside experts detected many suspected cases, sixty-five new cases were confirmed on February 4, down from 183 the previous day.

A staff member at Suizhou's Central Hospital Office told reporters that the hospital was in short supply of protective clothing, masks and goggles, especially protective clothing. In order to save on protective clothing, doctors and nurses working day after day without changing, can only wear Adult diaper to solve the emergency.

She said that after the information was released, the hospital received some donated materials one after another, and the shortage of materials was alleviated to some extent, but many of them did not meet the medical standards. "Many (masks) are disposable, and they (medical personnel) can not use them, " she said.

She told reporters that the Suizhou City Center Hospital "all the medical staff have been mobilized, from the New Year 30 did not rest, many logistics staff also went to the line. ".

In the supply of goods, a practical difficulty is the logistics is not smooth. The staff member of Suizhou's Central Hospital told the reporter that only two logistics companies, SF express and China Post, had been providing services in the past few days, and SF express had also stopped operations in the past two days. "We are also working hard for the suppliers because there are many materials that are difficult to transport, " said another staff member in charge of logistics at the hospital.

According to SF express, the current weight limit for shipments to Suizhou is 3 kg, which can only be sent by sea as land transport has been suspended.

In addition, people familiar with the procurement of materials in Suizhou's primary hospitals said that medical personnel and materials in Suizhou's county-level cities are also facing a shortage. In addition to materials such as masks, protective clothing and goggles, in the epidemic prevention and control work commonly used infrared body temperature detector is also insufficient.

On February 5, Xiaodong Wang, deputy party secretary and governor of Hubei Province, inspected and directed the epidemic prevention and control work in Suizhou and Xiaogan, local media reported. In response to the problems of inadequate medical technical force and large gaps in medical materials reported by the grass roots, Xiaodong Wang dispatched the relevant departments on the spot immediately to solve them, and urged that scientific and rational deployment and use be made to ensure that limited resources are put to effective use, efforts have been made to increase the rate of admission and cure and to reduce the rate of infection and mortality.

(this article was independently produced by the China Youth Daily, first posted on the China Youth Daily Client and headline number, and added to the tree project.)

China Youth Daily Presents

Editor of Wechat | Chen Yinan

If you think it looks good, click here

Go to "discover"-"take a look" browse "friends watching"

Sent

####Send it to take a look

Sending

A scan of wechat
Pay attention to the account


-------------
title: Emergency in Suizhou. A County Hospital has a "0" stockpile of protective materials
source: FREEZING POINT
authors: _
editors: _
proofreader: _
photographer: _
translator: _
via: https://github.com/2019ncovmemory/nCovMemory
link: https://mp.weixin.qq.com/s/LMgPjJPwX30ObpzMx12z2Q
archive: http://archive.ph/wJrIK
snapshot: https://github.com/2019ncovmemory/nCovMemory/blob/master/archive/jpg/348.jpg
lead: Supplies were running low and only a four-man medical team was available
cover: data:image/jpeg;base64,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
