##The last line of Defense

Wechat, bingdianweekly

Features, China Youth Daily's in depth reporting brand. We believe that news has more than one day of life.

A doctor, Yuan Hong, looks at a CT scan of a suspected patient's lung at the Yi Hai Bai Man Hotel in Hongshan District of Wuhan City on Feb. 3 and tells the patient, "your current infection is not serious, don't be afraid. ". Doctors at the hotel will assess the general condition of a suspected patient based on the diagnosis he or she received at the hospital, and provide oral medication for antiviral treatment and fever reduction. China Youth Daily China Youth Net Trainee Reporter Lu Chong / photo

Author | Ma Yuping, Yin Haiyue, Li Qiang

Editor | Zhang Guo

In a village of more than 3,000 people in Enshi Tujia and Miao Autonomous Prefecture, about 500 km from Wuhan, an outbreak alert suddenly became urgent on January 27th, when Liu Hua (not his real name) and his wife were diagnosed with COVID-19 pneumonia, was admitted to a local hospital.

An emergency notice was sent from the village, Florida. Since January 4th, people who have gone to the clinic have to report to the village council. The next village sent the same message.

According to villagers, Liu Hua is a good doctor. He and his wife run the clinic, and people from neighboring villages come to see him.

On Jan. 28, two workers in goggles and white protective suits sprayed disinfectant on the door of the clinic. The work of village cadres has been added to the list of people who have visited the clinic.

"The village doctor was infected and the whole village was scared, " a villager told China Youth Daily. com. "after all, SARS didn't come. It really came to our village -- Foshan -- my family went to his clinic. "

Liu Hua and his wife attended a clinic from Jan. 12 to 19 and a training session at the Township Health Center on Jan. 20, according to the local health commission. More than 40 village doctors attended the four-hour training and lunch that day.

More than a dozen village doctors who had close contact with Liu Hua were later quarantined. The village doctors who were not quarantined were also worried, but they could not close their doors. In the remote countryside, the village clinic is a stronghold in the fight against the epidemic.

A rural area lacking protective materials

On January 21, Liu Hua's village was notified of the epidemic. That evening, village cadres attended a video conference throughout the county. "according to the request of the superior, every household is informed in place, do not panic, personnel do not move around, red, white wedding do not do. " A village cadre to reporters.

Liu Hua, the village doctor, who was not sick at the time, also had busy days. On January 22, villagers returning from Wuhan were required to go to the clinic to register for a medical examination, take their temperature and fill in their identity information and Wuhan residence on their registration cards.

There were 141 returnees from Wuhan. Some people in the village remember that Liu Hua was tired. "there were so many people going to the clinic to take his temperature. He had been waiting in line all day. He was already overworked. The protection was basically a disposable mask. ". Temperatures above 38 °C were reported and the standard was later changed to 37.4 °C.

Every village doctor in the town was assigned the same job, and another told reporters that he was given two Mercury-in-glass thermometer, a pack of face masks and 100 ml of alcohol as "weapons" in the battle.

The shortage of epidemic prevention materials in rural areas is not uncommon. In Xiantao, Hubei Province, two layers of disposable face masks and a white coat were the village doctor's equipment for fighting the outbreak. The villagers, some without face masks and some in cotton pajamas, came back from Wuhan to take temperature readings.

LIMPO's village is in the Gaoji township of Dengzhou in Henan Province, less than 30 kilometers from Hubei Province. There are several returnees from Wuhan in the village. He received disposable ordinary isolation clothes and 11 disposable masks from the town health center. For the first few days, they let the returnees take their own temperature at home and report back. On January 26, a special supervision and inspection team in Dengzhou issued a circular criticizing them, demanding that "village doctors must take the temperature of the quarantined people face to face" to ensure the accuracy of the data.

He was worried about being infected, "once infected, it will become a moving source of infection, infect more people, the consequences are unimaginable. " To prevent his family from being infected, he isolated himself, alone in a room to sleep, eat. Before entering the house, he used the remaining 250 ml of alcohol disinfection, packed in perfume bottles to save spray, or soon ran out, "I now burn mugwort powder disinfection at home. "

Disposable masks should also be used sparingly, "one for two days" . They repeatedly complained of a lack of protective gear, but, as in many parts of the country, "kept saying they were out of stock. ".

A doctor at a township health center in Quanzhou County, Guangxi Province, told China Youth Daily that every medical worker in the town hospital was given a mask a day, and there were no protective clothing or goggles. "Now the village doctors are afraid to see patients with cough and fever, and have basically cancelled the infusion. The patients come directly to the hospital. "

The doctor said that even if the fever patients do not wear masks, the hospital does not have enough masks to provide patients. The plan for the prevention and control of pneumonia in COVID-19 hospitals (trial implementation) issued by the Guangxi Health and Health Commission requires that, adequate quantity of disinfection supplies and protective supplies (such as medical surgical masks, medical protective masks, goggles, protective clothing, protective clothing, latex gloves) should be provided. Medical institutions should provide surgical masks for patients with fever.

Tongbai County Central Hospital in Nanyang, Henan Province, told reporters that the hospital January 21 as a fixed-point treatment hospital for COVID-19 pneumonia, 22 began to equip with protective supplies. About 70 or 80 doctors are directly involved in the prevention and control of the epidemic. The protective materials are disposable face masks and surgical isolation clothing.

Gao Yuan Lin, party secretary of Shuikou village in Jiujiang city, Jiangxi Province, told reporters that there were 16 Hubei returnees in the village who were required to stay at home for 14 days under quarantine, all of whom had their temperature taken by 72-year-old village Doctor Zhou Benhuai. Eight people have been released from quarantine so far. Zhou Benhuai was the only doctor in the village, protected by disposable face masks, a white coat and gloves.

From January 23 into the epidemic prevention and control work began, Shuikou village has received 4 packs of masks from the township, each pack of 50. But participates in the prevention and control work the village cadre, the village doctor, the cleaner altogether has dozens of people.

Medics write their names on each other's protective clothing for identification at the Huoshenshan Hospital in Wuhan on Feb. 4. The first confirmed cases of COVID-19 pneumonia were reported at Vulcan Mountain Hospital on the same day. Photo by Zheng Li, reporter of Zhongqingbao Zhongqingnet

"It's better to be strict now than relax for the sake of the common people. "

According to the reports from the front-line personnel in Shandong, Hubei, Jiangxi, Henan and Guangxi provinces, after the city closure in Wuhan on January 23, more attention has been paid to the prevention and control of the epidemic at the village and township levels.

On New Year's Eve, Liu Hua's village broadcast from early morning until dark, the road into the village was blocked, village officials driving in the street patrol, to persuade people out. In the town next door, 40 propaganda vehicles traveled around the town, 32 flood control loudspeakers and square dance speakers were all requisitioned, nearly 20,000 propaganda leaflets were stuffed into villagers'homes, the Transportation Department directed and villagers organized spontaneously, more than 33 rural roads connecting counties, cities and towns have been blocked.

Screening returnees is the focus of epidemic prevention and control in rural areas. Shuikou village in Jiujiang, Jiangxi Province, identified a family who had been to Hubei Province. The family of five people January 22 morning drive to visit relatives in Xiaogan City, Hubei Province, returned in the afternoon, did not report to the village, finally through touch row license plate was found.

When the village officials asked, the family felt no fever or other symptoms, so there was no need to report. "The understanding degree is insufficient, has the fluke psychology, " Gao Yuan Lin said.

On the evening of January 23, Wang Qingshan, party secretary of Wangyuan village in Liaocheng, Shandong Province, visited the home of a villager to confirm the information. According to big data tracking, the family returned home from Wuhan on January 11, a previous investigation did not admit.

Village officials put up Red Banners at their gates reading "no contact with Wuhan Returnees" , forcing them into isolation. The village provided them with vegetables and rice noodles, and they reported their body temperature twice a day. There's more than one family like that. It was not until February 1 that the family was released from quarantine.

"Now it's better to be strict than relaxed for the sake of the people, " a township official explained to the China Youth Daily. He has not taken a holiday since the night of January 23, when he began to take part in epidemic prevention and control. The work includes monitoring and quarantining Wuhan Returnees, daily reporting of Information, persuading migrants to return, and daily disinfection in the village.

"Can you help us solve our problems? " He said through reporters: Gap Masks, disinfectant, disinfectant powder and other supplies. "there is also the hope that we grass-roots personnel less aggrieved, because the people really do not understand something, we will work patiently. "

Every day in the village to promote anti-epidemic work Wang Qingshan also lack of supplies, the children sent him a mask, the township sent 84 disinfectant and powder, but will soon run out.

Some people say, "China is so big, Wuhan is so far away from us, what are you afraid of? "

Popularizing the knowledge of epidemic prevention and control to the villagers is part of the daily work of the village doctors. Limpo hung banners reminding villagers not to visit relatives or eat together. At first, some villagers do not care, "what I have not experienced, this is a matter? " Still others said, "China is so big, Wuhan is far from us, afraid of what? "

On Jan. 25, roads were closed in the village, and villagers chose to stay indoors. Limpo told reporters that some villages directly with excavators to block the road, some people are manual excavation, put branches and wood, leaving only fire and first aid channels, guarded by special people.

Li Tian (not her real name) , who is from a rural village in central Shaanxi Province, felt that no one around her had taken it seriously until Jan. 26. "One by one, one by one, people are running around, people are playing Mahjong, " he said. A day earlier, 26 regions, including Shaanxi Province, had launched a LEVEL-I response to a public health emergency. When officials reported cases of the cluster infection, Li found that some people in the village were still "Mass New Year greetings, " a gathering of 30 or 40 people.

Hubei Huanggang Lu Yi (not his real name) on January 28 also saw the village people in the wedding, "did not wear a mask. ". He was in a hurry, "I am worried that the increase in the number of people going outside without masks will make most people lose their judgment and feel that it is not serious and relax, " he said, calling for greater attention to rural epidemic prevention and control through the China Youth Daily, "On behalf of the people of the countryside, thank you! "

Around the weak awareness of human epidemic prevention, Li Tian more worried about her village doctor father. Her father, who had to screen returnees from Wuhan, "didn't even have a disposable surgical mask, let alone an N95 mask or better supplies, " and in some mountainous areas, even money can't buy protection.

And she's worried someone's GonNa lie about it. Recently, there have been a lot of concealment has been reported, such as the fact that someone in Sichuan concealed Wuhan Return, resulting in more than 30 medical staff close contact.

In that village in Hubei Province, awareness of the disease has generally increased after the village doctor, Liu Hua, was diagnosed. Villagers began to ask around "where can I buy a mask" . Villagers barely leave their homes and rely on food hoardings and vegetable fields to grow their own vegetables. Video of how to make a face mask out of toilet paper has been posted on the village's wechat group, and villagers have followed suit, posting their own works in the group.

Limpo said villagers without masks had to figure it out for themselves. Some use windproof cotton masks for emergencies, while others wear protective masks to prevent dust when feeding livestock.

Zhou Benhuai, a 72-year-old village doctor, walks nearly 10 kilometers a day, but because village doctors are paid less, fewer young people are willing to take over, and the village doctors have to shoulder the burden. The lack of successors for village doctors is a common phenomenon.

In 2003, when "SARS" occurred, Zhou Benhuai was also responsible for taking the body temperature of returning people, but it was spring at that time, fewer returning people. He felt that this coincided with the Spring Festival, not only high incidence, spread quickly, the number of people affected. When he was a person to visit, now the village cadres will accompany him one by one to the house to check. Once the villagers who gather to play cards are found, they will report to the police station. The village from ancient times to the present day singing drama activities have also been canceled. "This time it's more important, " he said

Zhou Benhuai felt that he had only done what he could. He was also worried about getting infected, but he was a "medical worker" and had to go first. He just wants this epidemic to be over.

China Youth Daily Presents
Editor of Wechat | Chen Yinan
If you think it looks good, click here

China Youth Daily Presents

Editor of Wechat | Chen Yinan

If you think it looks good, click here

Go to "discover"-"take a look" browse "friends watching"

Sent

####Send it to take a look

Sending

A scan of wechat
Pay attention to the account


-------------
title: The last line of Defense
source: FREEZING POINT
authors: _
editors: _
proofreader: _
photographer: _
translator: _
via: https://github.com/2019ncovmemory/nCovMemory
link: https://mp.weixin.qq.com/s/akX0GrqhjKtsm6s-crVttA
archive: http://archive.ph/iJOOF
snapshot: https://github.com/2019ncovmemory/nCovMemory/blob/master/archive/jpg/349.jpg
lead: Some people use windproof cotton masks for emergencies, while others wear protective masks to protect against dust when feeding livestock
cover: data:image/jpeg;base64,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
