##How did the first line of Defense of Wuhan outbreak —— Foshan Community Health Service Center fall?

Health insight

Functional introduction, understand the health professional news

At the beginning of the epidemic, a large number of patients with fever and pneumonia of unknown origin filled the outpatient and inpatient departments of the major hospitals in Wuhan. At that time, the Community Health Service Center seemed to be isolated from the tension until after the closure of the city, to join the outbreak control camp. In Wuhan epidemic, should have become the first line of Defense, assume the Infectious Disease Prevention and control function of Community Health Service Center, why absent and lost?

In more than 20 years of practice, Fang Han, director of a community health centre in Jianghan District, Wuhan, has never seen anything like it. It was late January 2020 when he realised that "one community had more fever cases than the whole of Wuhan during SARS in 2003" .

As early as the end of December 2019 and the middle of January 2020, more and more patients with fever and pneumonia of unknown cause have crowded the outpatient clinics and inpatient departments of major hospitals in Wuhan, but the people at the Community Health Service Center didn't feel any different. In recent years, the state has promoted a series of policies, such as grading diagnosis and treatment, family doctor contract and medical community, in an attempt to sink patients into the community, but with little effect in Wuhan. People in Wuhan, accustomed to fever or to large hospitals, rarely go directly to the Community Health Service Center.

In early 2020, Fang began to feel a little different. In early January, the "big leader" from the National Health and Health Commission and Hubei Province descended on his community health service center, the "highest-ranking official he may have seen in his life. ".

But then, towards the end of January, almost a month later, there was another lull.

At the highest levels of decision-making, community health services have been absent. As early as early as early January, the National Health Commission has been sent to Wuhan. According to people familiar with the matter, the CDC, the Emergency Management Office and the Hospital Authority were the primary agencies involved in the first case of unexplained pneumonia in Wuhan, while the grass roots department in charge of the United States Public Health Service has not been involved. It wasn't until Jan. 26, three days after the city was shut down, that the grassroots division of the COVID-19 issued the notice on strengthening the prevention and control of pneumonia in primary health care institutions.

On January 23rd, the city of Wuhan was sealed off. The new crown pneumonia epidemic is out of control, the number of infected people are increasing, the first to be washed away by the major hospitals. After the closure of the city, the Community Health Service Center joined the epidemic prevention and control camp. The community sent the patients with fever to the Community Health Service Center first, and the center carried out the check-up, opened the triage list, and sent the eligible patients to the fever clinic of the designated hospital. However, the Community Health Service Center did not join the task of house-to-house investigation and command of residents'prevention and control, but only sent people to support designated hospitals.

Even more absurdly, in the more than a week between the closure of the city and the central quarantine, some community health services did most of the work of disinfecting and carrying the bodies of people who had died in their homes. In early February, when the policy of centralized segregation began, the management of the quarantines became a new task for them. In Wuhan epidemic, should have become the first line of Defense, assume the Infectious Disease Prevention and control function of Community Health Service Center, why absent and lost?

The following is a transcript of Jianwen's interview at eight o'clock.

January 3rd

State health officials did not wear masks when they visited

When did you first become aware of the Wuhan epidemic? Some hospitals in Wuhan started to feel bad in late December and early January. Did you feel it then?

FANGHAN: There was a little feeling at that time, but it was not obvious. On December 31, the Wuhan Municipal Health Commission Medical Administration and Hospital Authority issued an internal document to screen for unidentified pneumonia. At that time, the Internet was abuzz, and we were a little confused. At that time, the City Health Commission's transmission caliber is preventable and controllable, people do not spread people. On January 3, the relevant leaders of the National Health Commission came to us, accompanied by the Director of the Wuhan Health Commission, as well as the head of the Jianghan District district. When no one was wearing masks, they looked at the pre-screening triage table and fever clinic and asked us about the prevention and control of unidentified pneumonia. Only the doctor in the fever clinic wore a mask. The doctor (January 23) was sent by me to support the Wuhan Red Cross Hospital, but he was found to be infected within a few days.

On Jan. 6, Jiang Chaoliang, then the party secretary of Hubei Province, wore a mask during another visit. For a few days, we were asked to wear masks. Accompanied by the Secretary of the Wuhan Municipal Party Committee, the Secretary of the District Party Committee and the Wuhan Municipal Health Commission. At that time, the leadership conveyed the meaning of "can prevent and control" , "to do a good job of prevention and control of medical staff, do not appear medical staff infection.

8:00 Health News: After the leadership inspection, what changes have you made in your work?

Fanghan: Our work has not changed for quite some time, until the New Year twenty-nine (January 23) is a normal visit. But starting from the 21st, our prevention and control level has been raised, and the task of screening patients with fever in the community to fever clinics in designated hospitals has also been issued. New Year's Eve (January 24) began to arrange outpatient and inpatient duty, the general department will not open the door.

Eight o'clock: When is it obvious that something is wrong?

Fanghan: I realized it was serious. It was around the time of the blockade, when we had the infection of the medical staff.

A few days before the New Year, I made an urgent phone call to the salesman of a relatively familiar pharmaceutical company. I asked him to buy some face masks. I also asked him to help me find a batch of protective clothing for 150 yuan each. At that time, I thought it was expensive. Now, this price is already very cheap. I ordered 200. That's all he could get. And two boxes of 6,000 disposable surgical masks. N95 masks are completely out of stock.

On the evening of the first day of the Lunar New Year (January 25) , several of our medical staff were infected. One was quarantined in our inpatient department, another came to the Center for daily injections, the other was quarantined in the hotel, and their low spirits infected each other.

On the evening of the New Year's Day, I sent a message to the head nurse on wechat saying, "the situation is out of control. ". We contacted the hospital for the sick staff, and both the Union and the Red Cross hospitals responded that there was nothing they could do.

During that time, I went to the City Health Committee meetings every day, have to go through a brilliant street, so beautiful street, no cars and no one.

In the past, during the holidays, residents are reluctant to come to the hospital for medical treatment. During the seven-day period of the New Year, we arranged fewer medical staff to work. This time, I only had one general practitioner on duty, and then the whole thing fell apart.

On the morning of January 22, the District Health Commission informed each Community Health Service Center to send two doctors and one nurse to support the designated hospitals (the first list of the seven designated hospitals had just been established) .

The three men I sent were all Party members, and they all agreed more readily. At 1:00 p.m. on January 22, all three went to the Wuhan Red Cross Hospital for Orientation and wrote a support petition. A few days later, Hwaseo sent someone to the Red Cross Hospital, and two of our colleagues there were transferred to Wuhan Business Hospital. Another colleague was infected, and at the time he was suspected, undiagnosed, unable to get to a hospital, and had to go home to be isolated.

8:00 Health News: At that time did the superior have any request to your prevention and control?

Fang Han: Did Not let all the medical staff on the secondary protection, then the request is the primary protection. The situation is changing every day. After Wuhan closed the city, the director of our community health center went to the City Health Committee every day. We weren't allowed to post on the Internet, and we weren't allowed to post in the group. Control-related internal documents and reports are paper, are not in the Network Upload Electronic version.

Eight o'clock health news: Then fixed-point Hospital situation is what?

Fang Han: On the night of January 23, the Wuhan Red Cross Hospital, where fever patients were treated at designated places, had just opened. About 2,000 people crowded the hospital to a standstill. Outside the tents, the fever patients of Jianghan District, many of whom had been led there. Even with a normal fever, residents have to go to the hospital to find out if it's the new coronavirus. Usually, this hospital's receiving capacity is also several hundred people, this greatly exceeds the hospital's operating capacity. The hallways of the hospital were littered with garbage, and people fell in line.

8:00 a.m. : What else did you do after the city was closed?

Fang Han: Before the city closed, all people go to the big hospital, the big hospital is full of people. After the closure of the city, the Higher Wuhan City headquarters decided to close the city, by the Community Health Service Center to patients classified referral.

We did not go to the user's home screening, is the community staff will check the fever patients are gathered to our here, do blood routine, chest film these basic checks. If it is a suspected patient then a referral sheet, suspected patients with our referral sheet from the street to send a car escort to the designated fever clinic, after the initial screening conditions will be transferred to the fever clinic for Ct.. There were many elderly patients in this community. At that time, we examined 80 or 90 patients a day. We'll send you a referral if you have a confirmed patient at home with no obvious symptoms. Each sub-district Hospital was asked to send staff to the designated fever clinic to receive such patients with community referral forms, and then arrange for them to see doctors in the clinic. Only the designated hospital fever clinic can do nucleic acid testing, the number is very small.

8:00 AM health news: is the primary screening and referral of fever patients your only job?

Fanghan: We are also responsible for collecting the bodies of some residents who died at home. The job started on New Year's Eve. It was done by a male member of our hospital.

Before an outbreak, if someone dies at home, a third-party body is disinfected and transported to a funeral home, for a fee. After the outbreak, third parties were reluctant to do so. The government requires community health centers to do this, and our medical staff are on call 24 hours a day. We went to the house of the deceased to disinfect, wrap the body and wait for the funeral home to come. We had never seen anything like this before, and in those days, in the worst of times, we had to go several times a night.

The procedure is for the family to come to us to open a death certificate, after the death certificate, we go to disinfection, synchronous contact the funeral home. We have to film the whole sterilization process for the morticians to see, otherwise the morticians won't carry it. Some of the family members are far away, is our medical staff to help carry. Other families don't even come, only call the police to let us in, and when we do, we have to contact them. Others died in hotels or outside, and the medical examiner told us to sterilize them. And then they want us to wrap the body.

Eight o'clock health news: do this job psychological pressure is not very big?

Fanghan: that is not something that ordinary people can bear. Some people, when they die, it's like they're asleep. It's peaceful. And some of them, it's scary to see them die. Our community health workers are under extraordinary pressure.

8:00 Health News: Community Health Service Center to participate in the guidance of residents of epidemic prevention, home inspection and other work?

FANGHAN: No.

Early February centralized isolation, receivable collection phase

The Community Health Center will take over the quarantine

In early February, the policy of home quarantine in Wuhan changed to centralized quarantine, close contact personnel, mild illness, suspected patients to quarantine points. Medical staff from some community health centres were transferred to quarantines.

Eight o'clock health news: How many of your medical staff transferred?

Fanghan: at 10:00 p.m. on February 3, our superiors called us to go to the quarantine point. I called two party members from the Community Health Service Center within an hour, and we arrived at the quarantine point after 11 o'clock in the evening and made an emergency dispatch of some protective equipment from the center overnight. On the morning of February 4th, two party members began work at the quarantine point.

Since the establishment of the quarantine point, more than 20 of our medical staff have basically been transferred to the past, the Community Health Service Center only left a few people. From the beginning, we only responsible for triage, there is no treatment task, the workload is not very large, so the focus of work to the isolation point.

Eight o'clock: What's the status of the quarantine point?

FANGHAN: We have 300 beds in the isolation point, which is rather crude. There's no Internet, and there's a problem with the wiring. The patient has many needs, both in life and in therapy. Some patients have special needs, such as chronic diseases to prescribe drugs, or the heart and other parts of the uncomfortable, we need to coordinate command to complete. The complaint on the life, basically is closestool blocked, TV is broken, circuit has a problem to wait.

Eight o'clock sound: What do the medical staff do at the isolation point?

Fanghan: We need to observe the patients every day. Go in and give the patient a thermometer every day. We tried not to move around the room, because first of all our own protective equipment level is not enough, protective clothing is very thin, not medical protective clothing.

Now we also have to undertake the sampling work, that is, nucleic acid testing throat swab sampling work.

In the early stage, the supervisor arranged the nucleic acid test to be done by the testing organization, and the medical staff of the big hospital took samples, and then sent them to the designated testing organization, and returned the information. But during the docking, the message went wrong. Testing agencies are numerous, isolation points are also numerous, some information in the comparison of the error, the test results can not be returned, from February 21, the isolation point of all people by the medical staff at the isolation point.

We take samples every day by 2:00 noon, then the CDC takes samples, and the results come back on the second or third day. This saves time and facilitates the turnover of beds.

Before the outbreak,

Triage, United States Public Health Service are struggling

Health News at 8: What work has community health centers done in the prevention and control of infectious diseases?

Fang Han: Infectious Disease Prevention and control we usually have training, each community health center basically has a public health section, there is a special person to do infectious disease management. In the outpatient and inpatient departments will occur some of the more common cases of infectious diseases, usually reported is mumps, dysentery, avian flu, hand, foot and mouth disease. We had a risk profile, but we had no idea that this outbreak would be difficult to contain.

8:00 Health News: This time you have three medical staff infection, in the hospital infection in general what have been prepared?

Fanghan: usually we are a level of protection, wearing a mask. People are still less aware of the sense of the hospital. The input in the sense of the hospital is limited by the conditions, the staff does not want us to invest more in this area, he felt that you invested more money in the sense of the hospital, but there is no sense of protection, that the expenditure is not necessary.

The costs include hand Sanitizer, rapid-sterilizing Gel, and induction faucets in the department, all of which involve modifications. We all know there's institutional management, but it's not used in practice. During this outbreak prevention and control period, we are now this kind of hospital sense expenditure, was completely unimaginable before.

In peacetime, these protective products are not afraid of no manufacturers to supply, there is no doubt that can not buy masks and protective clothing concerns. But suddenly, the whole storage and supply is in question. Our normal storage may be limited to masks and surgical caps, it is not possible to store such a large number of protective clothing.

Health News at 8:00: What Does the Community Health Service Center do in peacetime?

Fang Han: most of our efforts are focused on chronic disease management, but the acceptance level of the general public is not too high. We're pushing for a family doctor contract, and it's a good idea, but it's hard to get going.

Very few people sign up. They just came back from the big hospital, Need follow-up treatment such as upper urinary tract, upper gastric tube, change the need, eager to sign with you. But others are not interested in signing up, and some people with high blood pressure, diabetes, do not want to be regulated by community health services.

8:00: Health News: Usually residents to the community health service center to see a doctor?

Fang Han: If all the insured cases, to the street hospital, reimbursement rate higher than the hospital, residents are willing to come. But in Wuhan, the outpatient service uses the individual account, only then uses the overall plan fund in hospital. Residents with health insurance cards, as long as the health insurance designated institutions can see a doctor. There was no difference between prescribing drugs at a community health service centre and at a tertiary clinic.

In order to achieve the effect of grading diagnosis and treatment, it is necessary to let the insured choose the first, second and third-level hospitals which they visit regularly. If the community health service can't see the patient, and they have to refer him, they can't make that kind of money. In fact, Wuhan does not do so here, there is no advance allocated to the community health center of the head funding.

8:00 am: What is your main source of income?

FANGHAN: the source of income is the allocation of public health funds. We're on a budget. We're part of the budget.

The staff was poorly paid and unstaffed

Eight-point health news: Wuhan's Medical Union, medical community has promoted the construction of grading diagnosis and treatment?

FANGHAN: In 2006(was it 2016 or 2006?) , We signed a contract with Wuhan Union. At that time, led by the Wuhan Municipal Health Bureau, a number of Xiehe doctors went down to the street, but they were all specialists and did not want to see our general patients unless they met a special patient. And doctors under the community, no performance appraisal binding, they are not highly motivated. Later, Concorde began to develop their own medical, and continued to expand, building, and building more and more, constantly building sub-hospital, the staff was particularly nervous, and then simply sent no one to the community, this model gradually ended. Big Hospitals Siphon so much, the bigger it gets, the fewer patients we have here.

In the last two or three years, Wuhan has also been promoting regional medical syncretism. So our district is a second-level medical institution with 13 community health centers, and it's a bit too much. This is the result of a shift in thinking in Wuhan, where previously Concord Hospital was a provincial and ministerial level hospital, with levels and levels too far behind us. The current model is "three two one" , the third-level hospital with the second-level hospital, the second-level hospital with the first-level and the next n Community Health Service Center.

For the past two years, we and the district Red Cross Hospital is the Medical Federation model. No Community Health Service Center is fully managed by the hospital, unless it is a community health service center set up by the hospital itself. The Red Cross hospital has set up a Tangjiadun community health service center. The staff are all part of the Red Cross Hospital, enjoying the same treatment as the hospital. Some of the work done by the hospital can be supported by the hospital. For example, the hospital has an advantage over us in carrying out the contract work for family doctors. WE DO GERIATRIC CHECKUPS, we're on our own, and we're GONNA call the hospital. The health center can take the elderly directly to the medical examination center in the hospital, there are no obstacles.

Fang Han is a pseudonym in this article

By Jing Wu

WECHAT: 1136352312

Wang Chen | managing editor

WECHAT: 2174127

We respect the original copyright and do not reprint without permission.

Reprinted with permission

Zheng Qi, micro signal: 1281949389

Business Cooperation

Shanghai: Leslee 13916263824

BEIJING: Jessie 13911125922

Tips, feedback, join the core readership

Please scan the code and Contact Jian Wen

Let your friends see you watching

↓↓↓

WECHAT SWEEPS UP Praise for author

####Send it to the author

People Admire

Long-press the QR code to transfer the funds to me

WECHAT's iOS version of the APP has been turned off to support public accounts through Qr code transfers due to apple's new rules.

Go to "discover"-"take a look" browse "friends watching"

Sent

####Send it to take a look

Sending

A scan of wechat
Pay attention to the account


-------------
title: How did the first line of Defense of Wuhan outbreak —— Foshan Community Health Service Center fall?
source: ba-dian-jian-wen
authors: _
editors: _
proofreader: _
photographer: _
translator: _
via: https://github.com/2019ncovmemory/nCovMemory
link: https://mp.weixin.qq.com/s/io4T-y4sXWPAe7mPCrFQDA
archive: https://archive.li/eRSFJ
snapshot: https://github.com/2019ncovmemory/nCovMemory/blob/master/archive/jpg/2888.jpg
lead: Dictation by the director of a Community Health Service Center.
cover: data:image/jpeg;base64,/9j/4AAQSkZJRgABAQAAAQABAAD/2wBDAAYEBQYFBAYGBQYHBwYIChAKCgkJChQODwwQFxQYGBcUFhYaHSUfGhsjHBYWICwgIyYnKSopGR8tMC0oMCUoKSj/2wBDAQcHBwoIChMKChMoGhYaKCgoKCgoKCgoKCgoKCgoKCgoKCgoKCgoKCgoKCgoKCgoKCgoKCgoKCgoKCgoKCgoKCj/wAARCADMAeADASIAAhEBAxEB/8QAHAABAAIDAQEBAAAAAAAAAAAAAAUGAwQHAQII/8QAWBAAAQMDAQMGBwkNBAcIAwEAAQACAwQFERIGITETFBVBUVIHImFxkZOhFjJCVFWBkrGyFyMzNlNWcnN0lMHR0iQ0NWJDRGOCorPwJTdFRmSDo+EmhMPi/8QAGwEBAAMBAQEBAAAAAAAAAAAAAAECBAMFBgf/xAAzEQACAQMBBgUDAwQDAQAAAAAAAQIDBBESFBUhMVFSBRNBU5EiYfAGFjIjVHGBM0Kx0f/aAAwDAQACEQMRAD8A/VCIiAIiIAiIgCIiAE4WlW1zIWeJh7zwAK1rzO4OETTgEZPlUUVaMcmWrWw9KN9t0mwctYezdjC03ve92pziT2rGi6JJGdzlLmS1qqzkxTOzuyCT7FLBVMblLWadxcYnEkYyPIubj6mijV/6slkRFU1BERAEREAREQBERAEREAREQBERAEREAREQBERAEREAREQBERAEREARMjtCIAiIgC1J66GF5Y4kuHEBat4ne0tjY4tBGTjrUSSScneVZR9TNVraXhEtNdcOxEwFvaetb1HUNqItbRjfgjsVaWSGV8TtTHEEb/IpcehzhXefqLQi+IXaomu7QCvtUNq4hERAEREAREQBERAEREAREQBERARt1pHzYkiGXDcR2qJMUgOCx4PmKtBXmFKljgcJ0FJ5KwIpO4/0FeiCX8m/6JVmAwmFOspsy6laNNN1RSfRKlbXSOhBfKMPO4DsCkML3gEcsl4UVF5CKPq7k2JzmMGpw9AKizVzHUTK7eMYyoUWyZVox4FiEjCcB7SewFfSqrTpcHA4I35CnaGuZUEMILXgcD1qXHBFOspPDN1ERVO4REQBERAEREAREQBERAEREAREQBERAEREAREQBEXxNIIonvdwaMoQ+B9rTr6oQwu0uHKcAMqGmqpZHlxe4DqAOAFhJycnirqJllcZWEeueXElxJces8VtRXCeOLQCCeolaaK2MmdSa4ol6G5Fz9FRpGeDhuUoxzXjLHBw7QcqqLaopnQTs0k6XEAjtVXE70675MmaykZUtGrIcOBC0uiB+WP0VLIqJtGmVOMnloizaW/lXehfUVrja4F73OA6sKSRTllVRgvQ8a0Abl6iKDqEREAREQBERAEREAREQBeEgcThHuDWOc44AGSoS4VwnGiPUGdZ7VKWTnUqKCyyaa9rs6XA47CvpVaOR0TtUTi0+RbVJcJYnnlCZGnqPFW0HKNwnzJ9FgpKllTHqZ1cQeIWYkDiqcjQnlZPUVdftts2xxa69UQIOCOU614Nt9mjwvdF6xU8yHU7eRU7X8FjQ8FXPdvs18t0XrE92+zXy3Q+sUebDqPIq9r+BWU8kU7tTSQTkHHFYAxx+C70LN7t9msf43Q+sQbbbNY/xqi9YFZV4L1M7sKjecP4MPJv7jvQt+1U8nOGyOaWtbneRjK1/dts18tUXrEG22zQ/wDGqL1il14NYyI2FRPOl/BY15kZwq77t9mvlui9YqF4QrjJtFdKJmylY+s5OJxlZRy7xvG8gELhVuIwjlcTdb2c61RQl9K6vkdgyvMjtX536E2w+LXb1p/qToTbD4tdvWn+pZdvn7bPT3NT9+J+iNQ7U1DtX54Fk2w+LXb1p/qToTbD4tdvWn+pNvn7bG5qfvxP0PqHamodq/PHQm1/xa6+tP8AUnQe1/xa6+tP9SbfP22NzUvfifofUO1MjtX546D2v+LXX1p/qToPa/4tdvWn+pRt8/bZO5afvxP0PqHamR2r88dCbYfFrr60/wBSdCbX/Frr60/1Jt8/bY3LT9+J+h8jtXuV+d+hNsPi119af6kFk2w66a6+tP8AUp2+ftsblp+/E/RGQvMjtX556E2v+LXX1p/qXhse1/xa7etP9SbfP22RuWn78T9Dggr3K/O/Qe2A/wBWu3rT/UnQm2Hxa7etP9SbfP22NzU/fifofIXq/PHQm2Hxa6+tP9S8Fj2w+LXX1p/qUbfP22NzU/7iJ+h8hNQ7V+eDZNr/AItdfWn+pedB7X/F7t60/wBSbfP22NzU/fifojIXzMwSROYeDhhc82DvlPYbJzPaa4NpK9srnmKql8cNPA787uKsY232ax/jdF6xbYVoyim+B5NW1nGTilldUhNSSRPLXMcfKBkFYjDJn8G/0FZfdvs18tUXrE922zXy1ResXXz4dTHsFTo/gw8jJ+Tf9EpyMn5N/wBErN7ttmvlqi9Ynu32a+WqL1iefDqN31Oj+DDyMn5N/oK3qCikkla+Vpaxpzv61re7fZr5aovWL0bbbNdV6ovWKNoh1JjY1E86X8FjRVz3b7NfLVF6xZINstnZ5o4orxRvkkcGsaJN7idwCjzIdTR5FRc4v4J9EzuWhV3BsJcyMapB5NwV1xOEpKKyzfRV+W4TyAePpx3RjK37dXCUNjlJ5Xt7VLRzjWjJ4RIoiKDsEREAREQBERAEREBiqozLTSMHFzcBVx8MjXEOY4EeRWhMBSng5VKWsqvJv7p9CaTneD6FacBMDsVtbOWzfcjrNC+Nj3vBbq4A/WpCRuppHavpFR8TRCOlYRwqs8FFeyok1XSk3ku/Bu6ySsH3K675UpfVuXbKuFjpiSN+AsIp2Hg0lZd30HxaPRXjt7D6VJYX2OM/crrvlSl9W5PuV13ypS+rcuz82b3He1BTNPwHe1N3UOg3/fdy+DjH3LK75UpfVuT7ldd8qUvqnLs3IR9ntTkI+z2pu6h0G/77uXwcZ+5XXfKdL6pyfcrrvlSl9U5dnFM0/Ad7U5s3uO9qbvodCf3Bfdy+DjA8Fld8p0nqnK1eDnYmo2fvNRVT1kM4fAYw1jHAg6gc7/MrvOyONvA6jwX1bT9+d+j/ABV4WNKm9cVxRwreNXdeDpVHwZucl/m9i85E9qrd52lraO61VLS0VLJHBoBfLUOYSXN1bgGO3cOtRfu4uXMYqnoqi0yBhA54/PjEAf6PyrWkeY5Jc2XkReX2IIfL7FSZNtLqyeOI2mhLpNRBFY/Hi4z/AKPyqx7MXae60tQ+spWUs0MxiLGSF4I0tcDkgdTuxMCM0+TJPkfKPQvOR8o9CzDiFRJttLi2ITMtlEYnSaGB1W8OwX6ASBGR5eKYDeOZduR8o9Ccj5R6FSZNs7o2ojh6KoS54cQeePx4uM/6PyryPbO7STywstFEXx6R/fXbyRkY+9qMFfMj1LvyPlHoXnI+UehYbPWG4WqjrHR8maiFsujOdORnGetbilIuYeR8o9Ccj5R6FmUff699stFTWRxNmfEBpY52kOJcAMnBxx7EwDb5Hyj0JyPlHoVLfthc2VQgNsoC4tc7IrJMbiB+S8q8i2yukk00bbXQ5jcGnNY/fkA7vvflUYKa49S68j5R6E5Hyj0KmW3bO41T6R0lppmQTyxxlzKpznMDnhucaADvParwmCyafIxcj5R6E5Hyj0KG2qvdRaOZtpKSKplqHPGJJjGGhrc5yGlQMO2l1lklYLTRAxvDDmtdxIB/J+VTgq5RTwy78l5R6F62MDjvVBG3dz5gKroej0Fodjnrs7zj8mprZ/aKuuF1bR1tBBTtdE+RskVQZMlpaCMFo7yjBKmnyZV/CDsJU37aKSugroIGOiYzQ9jidwPYq2PBXXY/xWl9W9dqqImPky4ZOAsYp2E4DSfMskrGjNuTR61Lxq7owUIPgjjP3LK75UpPVPT7lld8qUvq3rs/NW9x3tTmze472qu7qHQ67/vu5fBxn7lld8q0vq3p9yyu+VKX1b12XkI+z2rzkI+z2pu2h0H7gvu5fBxr7ltd8qUvq3r37ldb8qUvq3rs3NW9x3tTmze472pu6h0I3/fdy+DjP3K635UpfVvUhZPBXcIbnSVRudKWQTMlLdDgSGuBwPQurCBgPveHatqk9+fMisKMeKQfjl5UTjKXB/Y2gNxUTU26V0z3RlpDjneVLotS4cjzZQU1hkF0XUHuelZ6K2yRTtfKW4bvABUsitqZSNCKeQiIqnYIiIAiIgCIiAIiIAiIgCIiAIiIDTqfwnzKs7aMbJRUbXjU01HA8D97fxVmqfwx8wVc2tjfLBQsjGXGo/8A5vXSPIy1OCeCkRU8LrjVNMTS0RxEDfgZ1/8A0vmjomyUFVJFGdUckrteT4uHnG/Pk3KdoLWOlavl3HdFCdLf9/rWZjGR7O17Y2hrQ6o3D9Y5XZjim3zLp1nzrDWEijqCDgiJxB+YrL1lYa3+5VP6p/2SqGw5dPBCILeBG0apIw7Gd40k716+nhFxAEQ083J0gnedY6u1SLbZK+ntZlIja6aEccn3hWadkUV5bHC3c2mdlx4k6wr5RiSk3zJXZNjmWl7HDGmolAbnOBq3BWO2/hnfo/xUFs5jmU/7TL9YU7bfwzv0f4qPQ0wKJtTWw0201zZNymXci4aY3OH4PyAquivgdZaaNomL2iAECB+7Dm+RXHaC3ySbQ18z6OsmY9segxROc04Zg7x5VGyUlV0TDDHba8PbyOWimcMaXNJ6vIUT4HOdNuTZ8RVFCy40ck7p3FolyBTSYGQMfB39at+xc7Kll2li1FjqzdqYWn8FGOBAPUq9NHVGqgc2gryG68nm792QMdSsmxsMsdNXOmglh5Sp1NErC0kaGDOD5QVDZ0pxwWAcR51xWevgZRMicZQ9k7QQIXkbpsnfjHBdqHEedctba5o4AH26vdKJg4jkHEfhM9QwdyhcCasdSI/n8EtypSzltOiXfyEn+X/Kpe01tBS1ta9xnc93J4dzWXd4uDu0r7kgqjcKWRtvr+TYyUEimfuzpx1eQrJFHUtqZ3mguAa7Rg82fvwD5FbJxjSwW7ZH8VrRx/ukf2QpZQ9qlbatk6WWvzA2lpGum17izS3flcIrPCFtFtntXTWy0XB9oo6mbkohF77G/DnniT5BjCy1bhUsJ82e74d4VWv9cocIx4tvkj9H5UDt04M2UuDznDQxxwM8JGrhtH4QdoNitrKq13a4vu9DTTclNyu92OtzDxB8hyu47QuF12SnfQh9QyoiZJHyYyXNLmncOvclG4jVylzRPiXhNawUZSeYyWU16nOZrpSuukbtUuBFJ/oJO8zyLPaqunkr6zW6ZjOVYc83kPwG9WlSQoJI65kkdtry0RvGo0zycktx1eQrJRQ1UdXWyOoLgGSSsc082fvAjaD1doK16jwPKfqYbVW0Ytdqp4OW5V1VT51QPGSJhxJGPaunBc6ttNWcnb4nUFa1zZ4i7XA4BoEgJJJ3YwF0QKjfE701hFM8I0zKeazySag0SSglrS7izsCp9Dc6YVVVvmOuZpbiCQ58Ro7Fe9tqOSqktrmwTzRxvkLuRYXEZbgZwoCgpZaeaYstte0OkDgebPyRpb148hUxfA51abk8kFSTU8mzrBI+Zp5NuGinkOfGHXpwrpZKymqdp6VlIH6Y6Wf30L2AZdH3gOwqBpaatZYo6d1vuAlEQaW83fxz5lP7PxznaGOV9NVRxNglaXyxFgyXMwN/mPoRvgTCGllql9/8yq23oBtdMCMg1HDO4+I9WiX3/wAyrG3THyUFGyMZcakYH/tvQ6y5HO42g11SCBpDIyBk7vfLyhp3S00z42uJjkkOrWfFw84358ilKK2DpKq5d2Toi8Vv+/1raga1lmq2taAA+bh+scpeDNHU/U6Z1lYawkUdQWnBEbsEfolZusrBW/3Oo/VP+yVBrOOVLW8nR6RgOljB3neNJ9KCIOuLGNaTmA4aCd51jyrcFvlkgtzpSGNdLFu4n3pUpT08UF0aI27zSneePvwp4GX6s8y17DxuhsXJuz4k8owTnHjcFZaT8IfMoDZT/DZf2mX61P0n4Q+ZUfqaqfobaIioaQiIgCIiAIiIAiIgCIiAIiIAiIgCIiAIiIDTqfwp8yjrjQtrWRtM0sLo362ujxnOCOsEcCVI1P4U+ZaVbWU1DEJKyeOCMnSHPOAT2ewrpHkZ5cyObYtM0kouVdrkDWuP3rg3OPgeUrGNnWcg+Hn9aYnucXNJj36iSd+jtJWwNorPkjpOlyOI1rxu0dmd726Uh343SdfBSUwiWXzIwSRPY7g5pafMRhfS+JZGxxue44AGULEDU2Jgihj6RrsRFrmfg92kYHwN+4rSOzsfL8qa+t16dGcx8M57naFtO2htLjqdc6Txju++cfMvn3QWfOOlKMHGcGQKUcTat1GyhpzDG+STL3PLpCMknjwAHsUrbfwrv0VHUlTBWQCakmZNCSQHsOQSNxUjbfwrv0f4qXyLRJDA6wmFRtoLrdY73XQ0lwNPDDyYaxtOx/Fmokl2/iVDe6C/dGwVPS3jvERI5nFgai0H61RJsOcY8GzqW49QQLmUl62gbVwQtu+eV17+Zxk+LjH1q37IVNdUU1ay5ztnngqOTDxGGeLoY4Agbs+MUwTGalyJ5MeRBxC5jNf74Kds7brpMkoAYKSMhoMunGTvOAnMlyUeLOnAALzA7FzSS931tZBELudMjXkk0cWfFx/Ne0t12iqa2op47uMx6cHmcfW3O9MMp5sX6li8JdNNV7F3WlpQTLLA9rQOs4Jx8+MLjngn2os8VysNqk2ZpXV5kEYuBI1hxydWMceriu72Z77ns7QTVZBmnp45HuaMeMQCSB1b1zraTwSRVl0NxtFXNbazVr1wAFpd3g3ILT5isVelNyU4H0/g97bRoVLW5bSfFNZ4P74Kb4V9qbPJcr9aY9maVlwEhjNwBGsuGPGxjOeriu1+D6inoNirJS1YInjpGB4PEHGcfMqdsn4JKOguoul+rZrrXB/KNEow3V3iN5cfOVfNqaqeh2fq56SQRzsDQx5aHaSXAZwePFLelNSc5+pHjF7bSowtbVtqPFt54vHpn0JbCYXNJL1e2V7IBd3FrmPdk0kXFpaP4lfNPer9LUVDDd8CN7Wg8zi35aD/ABW3Sz5nzYdTpuEXN7NedoJ2UFTLcmSQvniZKw0jGgh0gaQCN/WukKC8ZKXFDC8wFXNsK+tpH0EdDU825V0he7kmyEhrMgAO3DeVV6e93ySeojdeHARyBgIo4t4LWn+KnBEqkY8GdMC8AC5YNodoDaW1fSw1lgdp5nHjJICsmzVdd33uOG41oqKaWCR7QYGxkOa5gzlv6RTAjOMnhMtMvvyo+626O5QxxySyxcm/W10RGc4I6wRwJUhL79albW0tDEJK2ojgjLtIdIcAns9iksQzdlIGzPlFfX63hoJzH1Zx8DylfLdkqZsToufV5jc4ucC6Pfkkn4HlK3fdLZckdKUmRxGtG7S2Rxw27UZycfhBxzjCcCOBLr4lYJI3sJOHNLTjsIwvteEhrSScADJJQsVx2ydOWwtNfX4iLXM3x7iBgfAX17lIOX5Y19dymjRnMfDOe55FtnaWygNJutJh2MHlOOU901kBwbtRg4z+ECEYRt2ugZbqXkI5JJBrc8ukIJJJyeAA9ikqT8IfMtKiq6eupxPRzRzwkkB7DkEjcVu0n4Q+ZQ+RaHM20RFzNAREQBERAEREAREQBERAEREAREQBERAFFbS3qnsVrfWVILt+ljG8Xu6gpN7gxpc4gAcSVyDwn7Q0V3dS01vmdK2ne8vcB4hJGBg9fWst3X8mm2uZSctKLvsneJr7ajW1EbI3ulewNZnAAO7jxKw7YOLaWjIODzgj/wCN60vBh+KrP18n1hSO1EBqY6CJpwTUHfjP+jetFrNzpRk/UzSbcWUuJzuk6vxnfg4us/519UVJLLZ62U5bE185yT77EjuCnbfbYortW6mOe4RwnLh+s6l4GkbP1/ikDVU9X+0etLMsIPPEuJ61GXJ5fT1GD4ojdj0FblVJgFo4nio+qP8AZZ/1bvqKqjTKXocuqZHllB47scrF1nulZIYpp7q1sZJPNzned3jhbwtgFPbHSlzy6WHxQMD3pUkyLk7oxrIy0ClOAG4+GFbJnUX6k1stFyNrkjJ1FtRLv7d6sdt/Cu/R/ioDZ7dRTA8ecy/Wp63fhXfo/wAVD5HaPQoW1dVLBtPc2spjK1whORIG4+9461AtkrHWWnHMHhrRANZlaAfGZ1K/XeyV015rKqngp5WTBga58ulww3B3aSo6XZ68Pt8VPyFKCzk95qTjxXNJ+B/lUJ4RWdNyeTQinmp7hRyC2vc9olBJqGb8gcOxWvYqV80V1kki5FzqzOjUHY+9RjiN3UouWx3d88bxTUoDNWRzk78j9BT2zFDUUMFWKtsbXyz8oGsfqwNLW8cDulQ3kvCOkmRxHnXE5qufmrYm0ZfpnGHcq0ZxNnhxXbBxVCGzd0jhETKakLhIH6+cY1DXq7qlcCakdSK4H1j7jSF9A5oLJcZmZkjxc/8AXlUvb6yWmq6zk7Y/x+TzmpZnc0jeVvy2C7urIJhT0uI2vaW85O/Vp/yf5V9ssl3bPLJzamIfp3c57B+gjkc1Sx6Fi2TyNmLSCMEUsY/4QpVaNjppKOz0VLMWmWGFkbtJ3ZAwcLeVUaAoHboluylwc0ZIa0gZxnD2qeUZtHRSXGy1VJBoMsgAAecA4cDgn5lJByx1ZUyXVhjt73O5OQaRM08XN/kty1Go57WumoHkCVmWtqGD4Dd2VYegboKgSR0tI1rWObpFR2kHueRKWw3eKoqpHU9KRLI1wHOeGGNb3PIrajN5PVEZbaufmFqpuYGJgqYMycs0gYmB4DeumKj0VhurOZxyw0zWRTRyOcKgnc14ccDT5FeAchUzxO8I4RS/CPM+nfaXxx8qdco0hwbxZ2lVC21NXJVVJitz3apWn8M0AeI0cfmXRNqrXUXF9C+mihl5Bzy5sj9Pvm4BG4qHprHdopJXc1pcOeHgCp4bgO55FaLwUqU9TyVSiMx2cZroHPzE0g8uwN98DvHFXCyVc1TtTT8rSGnDaacDMrX5y6Ps8y0qfZy8xWplIYKUvbGGF3OTjIP6CmLJa6+C8sqquKGOJkUjPEl1klxae6MDxUbyIQ0ssEnvlWNvHFttpSCQecYyP1b1Z5ff/Mq1ttCZ6KjiacF1Tnhn/RvQ6S5HPIZHc/qvGd7yPr/TX3Q0sstuqZCSIw+Xeevx3KWobfHHdKrLC9wjiOXDh7/qX3G13RFXuOA+fq/2jlLZmjF5OldZWCt/udR+qf8AZKz9ZWCt/udR+qf9kqDWceqpHuZQ+O78LH1nulZYYpZ7o1seonm5ySdw8cLdFsAp7a+UucTLF4oGB70qRbFyd0a1jNIFKcAD/aBTkx6W+ZaNjI+Rszoy7JbUSjP+8su0+0Huco4arm3OBJKIi3XpxuJzw8ibKjFtmyMHnMv1qB8K/wDgdJ+0j7LllupuFKUompPSsls2Z2kotoKV0tIXNkYQJIn++Znh5x5VNrgOxt8FhvTauRsj4XMMcjGHeQeHHsIXbbHeKS9UYqaGUPjJwQdzmnsI6istndKtHjzO9OepEiiItx0CIiAIiIAiIgCIiAIi16+sgoaSWpqpWxQxjU5zjuAUN45gyTzxU8ZfPKyNg4ue4AD0ryCohqGaoJWSN7WOBC45tZejf7vy0Rl5hE0Nha8aQXdbtP8A1uWfYq5m23uHXMIqWTLZdRw3gcH0ryd6R87y8cOpx85asHYUVWg26s80sjGyyhrc4kdGQ12OzrW9ZNpaC8TPhpnvbK0atEjdJI7QvQjc0pPSpLJ0U4vgmRvhRqpabZKcQktMr2ROI6mk7/qx864j1Lt/hOq4abZOoZMwSOnc2KMHqcTnV82CVxEjcvG8Tf8AVSz6GevzOueDA/8A4qz9fJ9YVlrKOnrY2x1cLJmNdqAd1Ht9pVb8GH4qs/XyfWFP3W4x22BkksUsut+hrYgCc4J6yBjAK9yz/wCCP+CFy4mAWC0hznC3wanYBO/f7fKviSxWiJhxb6cdYGDgnOe3tWl7r6PlZI+Z12qMBzvFj3A5x8PyFR7ttaCbMnNq8RtcW5MbN2Dg/D7VpwVcoljLic53k9a+SAQQQCDuIK9IwSF8vcGMc53vWgk+YK5BHGw2nAHR1NuwR4p3Y+dOgbVq1dH0+rGM6Tw7OKj3bXUTGxl1NW/fCGt8VnEjI+Gh2uoRKI+bV2st1Y0M4Zx3+1QQ2idpaaGkhEVLEyKIEnSwYGTxK3KWeKB5dPKyNuMZe4NGfnUba6+K5UYqIGyMbqczTIAHAg4PAlVbwrRmSwUoDdX9pG7/AHXLlXm4U3KKy0aLSlCtWjCctKfqdF6RovjtL61v80NxovjtL61v81+ZuaSfkj6E5pJ+S9i8rb6/tH0m5rL+4X5/s/THSNF8cpfWt/mnSVD8dpfWt/mvzPzSTqi9i95nL1xf8KbfW9tjc1l/cr8/2fpjpKi+O0vrW/zVB2v27vFDtVHZ9naCguJdS84y+Q53ai4ZDgNwblcl5lL1RZ+ZfdjuFRs5tTDcm0E9RycD2BsYxvc0tznBG7OV1oXdWrLTKGDLeeHWtvT106yk+hbqvwubS0lFQ1c9ktraeuY6SnfreeUaDgnAdu39qkLr4QttLTQCsuOzlvhgy0OPKOcYy4ZaHtDssJ6sgKhbV3O+Xe3bPTXC11rJ6KNzedSw4ZUOLg8EANA3AcFt7QbS9IUN5bR2Grpq29PifWyPkL2eJvxG3SCMntJwtvE8r6UW6Dwk7XzWfpRlgtnMtDpA4ykOcxpw5zWF2pwB4kBfdm8Iu2V6o3VVs2etk8Il5HPLFpMmNWkBzgScb8BUu07RyUWyUtnls1dUOdDJFplfrg1PORJoc0ua5vY0gHitSx7R3WybLvtlto6iKsdW86FUYg/SOT0YAc04d16hvTiMwLlS+Fnaaqpa+ohsdtdDQtD6glzwYwXaRkF3buwFJ2nbzbW7W3n9Bs/aZKTfmQ1OnGDjeC8Ebx1rllmrqq32baCikt9VK+6QsiEmD4ha/USd2/K8tVXUUOzl+tb7bUSOuYhAk0kCPk3l28Y35TiMwOi2PwpbV32rkprRYLfUzxxmV7WueMNHE73eULFa/C3tLc5poqGyW6SSGF88g1vbhjRlx3u6uxVHYzaCo2Xo6sQ2SWprKiaF5lkLmtayM6g0BuDnVv7O0FZ7NXy0W0d3v0WztydaKuOeJ0ceQIhLjUNenG4k+kJxC0HQ/Bz4TazaW/PorlTUFJAIHSiRj3DJBbgeMcda6X0hRD/XKb1rf5r8rxUsTrw91ut9ZS0fJ4bHVO5RwI4+NgD2Lf5nJ+S9gWKvdVactMYZPVs/DrW4p66lZRfT8Z+mOkaL45Tetb/NOkaL47Tetb/Nfmjmkn5L2Lzmkv5L2Llt9f2zVuax/uV+f7P0z0lR/HaX1rf5rzpGj+OU3rW/zX5n5pL+Sz8yc0k/In0BRt9f2mNzWX9yvz/Z+mRLHMNcUjJG8NTHAj2LXraKmrohHWQMmjDg4NeMgHt9p9Kq3gmjdHsgwOAH9olOB5wrHeLpFaoGSzxyyB79AEQBOcE9ZA4Ar1Kc3KCk1hnz1xCNKo4ReUvUwe5uzai7oym1HidJ3+1G7OWZow220wGc409ecqMG21vMj4xS12pgBPiM684+H5Cvlm3VtewuFNcA0OLSeSbuwcH4fauhw1RLWvHNDmlrhkEYIXp3FfErxHG57vetBcd2dw3qSxGe5uzYaDbKXDcEDTwx2Lw7N2Yu1G2U2cYzpOcelRr9trexsZdS145Qta3xI+JGR8NeHbi3iXkzSXDVp145NnDOO+oK5RY6OkgooBDSQshiBJDWDAyd5KqHhY/wKk/aR9lytNouUN1ohVU7JWMLnM0yNAcCDg8CVVvCx/gVJ+0j7Dllvv8AgkJcjlWoq9+CCeRm0FRA0nkpIC546stIwfafSqGrn4MbzT2y8Op6iIf2zTG2braeoeYn24Xzdm1GtFt4K0/5I69dq6O32yqq5d7YYy8jPHA4Ljs20F2r5jUz1szHO3tjieWsYOwAfWV8bS3aovV6qzO9/NYJDHFDnxQASMkdZOFoN8UADcBwCvf37qS0Q4JE1aueCOmeD/aCouBmo655kliaHtkPFzeGD5eG9XRcMtdyqbbU8vRyaJMYORkEdhXYNnLmLtaoKoNDS4EPb2OBwV6Phl55sPLk/qR2oz1LDJNEResdgiIgCIiAKleFiOR+y5LHANZPG54zjUMn07yNyuvUuX+FmeU3i1wPJ5sI3SAdRfnGfmGPSsd9PRQkznUeIsqAO7P1oCvTwXgXx3MwnoW3arhNbK1lXTaeUZnc4ZBB4hR7uUNQ0AkRgZPlPYsp7OpXhJwakiU8PJf/AAlwyXLY+lromECN7J3t7GuaR7MhcqpoTM/ByGjiVdaTaiv0mnrJw+lfGYnAsB0gtxkYHV7VWKJpZSsBGNy3XleFbE48zpUkpcUT9iv9ZZqFlJSthdE17nnlG5Lsnhx3K2X6tbX2S2VMYIEk2dPYeTfuXOwSpG2TBjNMswZAJWuIJ4O0vGfJ2Z8y1eFXs1UVKTymc9Tw0ezyF10qoowT4kWcf7+5fFHbyLVVSzbsOmw3y63cVvUlTQwXGrLZ4QDHEA7Vxxrzv9C+GVtMbVVRidmtz5tLc7zmR2MDyr6jJSMMHQne+d51iqR/ZZ/1bvqKyu98fOsVTnm0+OPJu+oqfQ7ehyych0dEf9rH9krbp6KSe5tJGhnNzvPX444LMx1vigtxbLE54liLiXZx4pznsW46vpOlGvFREW82Lc53Z1jcjOKh1LJsxE2K2ysZwbUygekKE8KhI2bYWkgiUkfQcpzZp7ZLdI+Nwcx1RKWkcCMqC8K34ts/WO+w5EWn/Eh6Sw2g0dMXWymcTDGS52skksBJPjdqx1litTRT6LbTN1Tsacat4Ocjipaiw6gpezkI/sNWKv8A9V/aY/rKnBm1NM1hs/aMf4bTf8X809z1n+Taf/i/mpMHcs9PTS1LsRNyOtx4BSQm2Vu37P2l9O5z6CFx5SQZJdwD3AdfZgLYu2yVuh2eudWKJkMkVNJJGWucHBwaSDx3K0bO0McNIXu8eTlpt54D747gvra38Vbz+xy/YKqdIp54kNtwT7gNniD8Fv8Ayioe02GzvtFvkktsMkklLE973Pky5xYCT75S+3H/AHf7P/ot/wCUVhspzZLb5KSH/lhIk1HxI6nsNnNZWNNtgLWGPSC9+7Lcn4Szv2fsxa7/ALMg4H4T/wCpbdN/fq/zx/YWSrmbT0skrwS1oAOOO8gfxU4ObbI9uztnLR/2bDwHwn/1LXn2ftLaykaLfEGu5TUNT9+G5HwlN25xrYI307HHUDgeYkfwUi22CO5W505D3EynT1DxPanAmKbZW67ZO3dC3CpZQxxCOmlex4c7OQwkY39vWt21uP3HL04E6sSHPl8VWTaP8Xbr+yTfYcq1bP8AuavX6Mn1NVWdqawzTo9n7NzKlLrXA9zoI3Oc578klgJPvu0rFW2K0N5rotsDdVQxpw5+8HO73yl6LfQ0n7PF9gLDcP8AVMfGY/4qyOGXk1hs7Zsf4ZTj/ef/AFLz3O2f5Mp/S/8AqUmDuWemp5ah2I25HW47gFITbK5b9n7TJTEvoIXu5SQby7gHuA6+zCz3fZG3QbO3OsFDHDJFTSSRlpcHBwaSDx3K1bPUMcFHqd48oml8Y8B98dwC92w/FK9H/wBHL9kqC6i/Uy+DH8Vmfr5frCy7fHFspf2nH/xvWLwY/iu39fL9YWxtw2I0FHy79EXORqPDHiPXM1R/gc8p2l1yqgASSyLAA/TW1QUB6MqJJ92l8uG+aR3FbtJUUMFwq3MliawxxYdnifHzv9C+YqynNrqYxMwvdJNpb1nMjsY86nJxjDDOpHifOsNZ/c6j9U/7JWbrK+KiN0lNMxoJc6NwHnIKjJrw3yOMVJzHQntlj+yVuU1HJNc26gWM5ud5H+ccFYW7KVjIaHTSapI5I3PLntOMNIPWtt1juPSDZDT+JyBYTrHHWDjj2BTqRm8qXqiW2QY2K0vjYDpbUyjf+koXwsf4FS/tI+y5WXZ+inpaKSOoZoeZ5HgZB3E7iq/t7bLxeJaeio6IPomESOl1tBLsEYAJ4AfWsV680ZJep30vTg5LhfcTi2RjmkgtcCCOrB4q2jYW6gHNG49n3xu72qJrLY63vqKeeEipY3SQ85wSOIxuyvl5RnTw5LBzaa4syVMsdVcqysp4zFDPIXtjJz5z85yV8rBQyNfAGg+M3cQthZZtyk2ynMBdN2auNHaNim1bpRhmtzgSAS/J8UeVczxuWSujfG23NfIHZa+bku5k7nnzgLVZ13Qcppeh0py05ZbabwhXA63T0VPhwyxrSQWnqyev2Kb2R2tmu1Y+lrYYmSaS9jo8gHHEEFcyB3eVfcUskMgkhe5kjTlrmnBBXWl4lWU05PKLKtLPE74OCLDRuc6lidIQXlgLiOBOFmX1UXlZNgRUH7o8HydN6xq9+6ND8nzesasO87buKeZHqX1Q202z9Lf6MQVWprmHVHKz3zD5P5Kt/dGg+TpvWNT7o0HydN6xqpPxG0msSlwGuLXMqe3Ngl2UtVNUtrRVGaqZTgOi04Ba45O/j4vtW5e9nobTYm3KWuzyjG8lHyW9z3DIGc8OKj/CXtN7orZbqanopmGOtbK46g7ADHjq84WztDf4Lxs3S0BpZo5oAwtkLgRkNwcjsO9eTUlZ5k49OBNSFNUlJc+JBQFxhBk99xK+x51hZIWweO1xcBvDd5K+RUYc4cjNgdenjuzu3rysp8jBpNnzKSttiuVygdNSUznxDOHFwAcR1DeoeOXUXEse0A43jj5R5Fctntr6Wz22KlFFPIWkuc/W0ZJOSu9sqMp4rSwi8ILP1EDRWavraN1VSQcrCHmMlrhnU0kHd5CMKz7IWipoZJqmraY3uboazO/GcknHmUNsztI202gUc9M+R3Lyy5Y8Y8d5cBv7MqTG2lP8Sm+m1erZuxoyVRz4lpxjGX08UWvU7vO9K91u7x9Kqfu0p/iU302qn7Y7e1UN5pI6GWSkhdTuLmyT6WFwdx8UZzjdxXr71tscJZNVhZVL6r5NPmdaJz1ouD1vhDucNpo6yO5xyy1DnB1NHUOMkOM73eQqLPhQve/FRUN80v8A9JLxKlHgz6G3/R17XjqhjHL4P0dqON7jnzoHnHvznzr82nwmX4jPPasHySj+lfB8JN/P/iNcPNK3+hV3rSNH7Gv/AFaP0oXE8Tn51TPCsR7m2frXf8ty5Xb9tr1V0NfUS7SVNNJTMD2QyTtDp+O5n3vedyxu2lud1rae3VdfW3KCYZdiRrmxZBGogNHDz9avvKmms8Mnm3X6XuKVOb1J6efM6hbd9upP1Ef2AstTRTy80LWENNVH4ztw4lVqjud5ooY44KylAjaGNJomE4Axxz5Flmvl+m5PXcafxJBI3FGziOHWo3ta9x8p5LT4l9pbVEwB0zuUd2DcFINbpADQABwAC5r7odoflKmx+xM/mvfdDtD8pU/7mz+aje1r3kqnjkX20f3N366b/mvWrtb+Kt5/Y5fslUenvV+p4yyO5QadTnb6Nh3ucXHr7Svmuu17rqKopKi4wmGeMxPDaRgOkjBwepN7WveWwyw7cf8Ad/s/+i3/AJRWvY/8Dt37LF9gLT2iu7Ljs1QW5sbo3UbRl5IIdhhG5Qlq2wnoaGmp+iaKbkYmx631D9+kAZxp3cFpoXdGsm6byJUZTfAtlBDJNcK5sTHO3xcOHvFK1FiNRRSRzy6NQBw0Z4EH+CpMHhAroqiokba6LEujxRO8AaW47qzu8JFwLS3omi3jG6of/Su/mInZZ9DoNoo20Fuhp4yCGgnIGM5JP8Uqv8St3nm+wufN8I9wDQBaqHAGP7w/+lYZfCDcJKmnl6LogYde7l379Tcd1RrRZW8+h0LaL8Xrr+yTfYcq1bN/gavP6Mn1NUBcfCBX1lvqqU2uiYJ4nxahO841NIzjT5VvW+6sj2Gq7IY3udVA4lBGGh2Or5lnrXdKgs1Hgny5RfElbf8A3Ckz+Qj+wFkqqSaU0eGENNVGMu3DrVapLpeaSKOOCtpQGNDQTRMJwBgb8+RZZr3fpjHylyg+9yCQYo2cRw61x3va95nVJsvtNaoowDK7lHdnAKQjAbgNADRwAXNvdDtD8o037mz+aDaHaH5Spv3Jn81G9rXvLqngvtn30R/XTf8ANetXbD8Ur0P/AEcv2SqPT3u+wRFkdyg06nO30bTvc4uPtK+a67XuuoaikqbjAYZ2GN4bSNadJ3HBzuTe1r3k6WX/AMGX4rt/Xy/WFbBu4Lmeym00VktIo5aWSZwke/UxwA3nhvUyNvacnAt9QSf84Ub1te87U+CwXTUe0+leaiBvJx51TKnb6kpIxJW0VTAwnTl4PHs4cVHXDbCaodAWUNyhiil5WQBoxI0Z8UnO4dZ8yjelq/8AvzPRh4fcSjqUeBapaVk0tZTTXSue2vDomR+KBDlpzoIGR5zlYr7sjDeLzZ7jJcK6B9twWxwvwyXDgfHHXwVUottaeqqYaykoKypihJH3otc3VwOSFMfdAI4WG4nzYVK3iFtCWicsM7ULS6a1pf8Ahb6utipZI2yFuXkADVg8ccPnVevtzstnvnLXG4cjOA2YxiLUdOCwbwMgHs7VCXDbF1W+J3Q9yY2NwcWtaDqwcrYftzFK7W/Zysc49bmNJ+pF4rZrjKZVeHXXHEf/AAnKTbSwVUrI4a4anSCIBzHN8YnHWNwz1rXqdsNnq2KSjZciXztMY5ONxO9xbkbscf8AreFDSbbUjfwmzUwDsjxmMGc7+zyL792kGkg7NVOD1GNv8vIFO9rHnq4Ft23fT/z/AOmet2Zt+2Vio3010roaZlS+dj6YcjqPvSNPZuVd2zGNpa4eVv2Qp+LbtsTNEWz1cxu84YAAD6FVbtWPu92qaoU01PrLTolGCN3t4e1eX4le29aGKcuJnvLevSpLzFwRN7J7IW+9259VNNNFOJS0mB4G7dxBBCg2W+P7qc9gMspoYxG0AkasuiLic445Vi2Vv0NkoZInU8kskj9bnBwA4YACqEF6a/wtV91MLxGJYfEyM7occVxVW1dGPLPDJFnGnJPK9GdQodhrZTzNkldNUAHIZIRp+cAb1XNtNm7h0/NW0dM+opqhrRiIZMZAxgjs3KcG3cI/1GX6YXh26h66CX6bVqqV/D5Q0KWDg1BrBR57NX09TTU81K9s1TkRNyMvIGSPOBxWyzZi7SVIg5lIwk4L3e8HlypS9bRCvvliroqVzY6CWSSRrnjLtTNIwpsbcwDhQy/TCxxjYqTzUKOnTWHkt1BBzajggzqEcbWZ7cDC2FS/d3D8Rm+mE93cPxGb6YXsx8UtIrGs6+ZHqc/5vF3PrTm8Xc+tVfJ7T6Uye0+leRuB9/58ldn+5aObxdwelObxdwekqr6ndp9K8ye0+lNwPv8Az5GzlpEEXcHpKc3i7gVX1HvH0pqd3j6U3C+/8+Rs/wBy0c3i7g9JXop4u57SqtqPafSmo9p9Kbhl3/nyRs/3LRzeLuD2r3m8XcHtVW1HtPpTUe0+lNwy7/z5J8j7lp5vEPgD2rwwRdwelVfUe0+lNR7T6U3A+/8APkeR9y0c3i7g9JXOvCixsdyoQxuMwn7RU7k9p9KjrjBYZ54zfK6annILImsGQQevf5Uj4PKh9erJ9F+l5xtL5VZLOE+RRreITUsFVvhydXjFvV24P1KxRW60yw8pDDUTszpyyc8fVrcq7RsfSSaJ7zVh2M4Aa72hazLZs/VVsEVtrKuopznl5M4dH2YGCDnykLtCjKPBpM/R7nxGjV/qQlKP+ng0KuntcVTFGwObiZjZA+Yuw3V42fFHUrTttSbHQWdsthNOK0VbAWRzGQmLG/cTwUZJbtjqebRUXata9pGWPj+tYuZ7FAHTea1xxw0DeusVKCawjDOtTrTp1FUqYj0TwyHuVRDJSOaJY5CXgxNazHJt7Du3eb58b1i2eDn3uii1yMbNMyN5Y8tJaXAEZCnYqTYxzGPddq1hIBLHNGR5Ck1NsbE18kd3rnOaNQaxoBJ7AldzuKiqTx/hGihcW1vbStoKbTzxab5nWLlshRUVlkuVrdUxzwMMrmz1D5I5GgeMwgnxfIRwPkyouhfTVsHKwt3Alrmn3zHDcWnygqiF2ypYW+6S6lp3EF7sH2ras7Nm4ZZX0F4r3lw++ZiDh8+ev2rjeWkLlpwWl/Y+HufA4uk3UqNy9G4tfJd+Qi7ntXvN4u57VUrVV09dDXtNVirpiC2EH3zC4DJ3DB38N6yZPafSs8PA3JZU/wA+T5y58PlbT0SZaeQi7gXvN4+4PSqrk9p9KZPafSrbgff+fJn2f7lhuEEbaKd2j4J/kq1yMePerJk9p9KL1rCy2OLjnOTpThoRjEMY+CnIs7qyIt+ToY+RZ3U5FndWREySY+RZ3VZrfFE6hhOj4IHEqur0EjgT6Vgv7LbIKOcYOc4ai083j7g9qc3i7g9qq2T2n0pk9p9K8rcD7/z5OWz/AHLTzeLuD2pzePuD2qrZPafSmT2n0puF9/58jZ31LRzeLuD2pzeLuD2qrZPafSmT2n0puF9/58kbO+pauQi7g9JXxM+noYn1cwDIqccq52C7AbvJx18FWMntPpR2XMLTvBGMHgVK8BaeXMmNDDzk3bttLe3XCrpbM22Q0NC9sMlbcshsshGQ1gyOo8fqVg2NuddfobhSXeGnoLhRScjUMJzHJkZDmHPAg8PL5VSYZKqmdUsdQ0ldSzyCYwzSuYWSBunUHAHcQBkHs3Fa0rKuqqKmorYIJJZ38o5oYCxuGhrQ0HqDQAtz8Es3BR04a9fU3q6q9Tq9Bs7S0FLzellt8UAk5UNDvhZyDx/6wFvCil3/ANspPSuLc1OP7lAPNA3+Sz8pVjdhw/3Vwr+A21eWueW31bJjd1ILTHkdYkkp2OLJL3aWPBwWunYCPmJXyJ6T5es/7yz+a5BPRid+uoooJX959Oxx9JC+BbYvkyj/AHWP+S5r9NWPR/Jfbq3UsVx2luV3qJTbKeyOt1PU8jDU3E7p5h+T/mrXsddKq/UtUKtsNBXUkxgqIJOpw62nrC59bpamhp303RdJWUnKmeKKRxi5F5ADsaRvacA43eQr6iNcZ6ieo0PqKiR0sjhuGpx6h1AYAHmWmt4HZzpKnp5FFeVk85Owcyl4c9pFXaqTVWTsL2uex5aS3gcbsqmRukIPKYB8hJX3qdj3x9Kx/tyhFf0+DOdxWqXEdM2WzggHYPYqnqPafSmo9p9Kj9vvv/Pkxqhj1LbgphVLU7vH0pqPafSo3A+/8+R5H3LbhMKo5PafSmT2n0p+333/AJ8jZ/uW7CYVRye0+lMntPpT9vvv/PkbP9yTFdbef8sbQ3m3J6eb85fjV3tXH5ltdJ2X83W/v0ijxbKruM+mF9dE1WPeN+mF7e3W/ejtrj1MorrZ0gZuhhzbRp5vzp+NWffauPzLY6Usv5ut/fpVodF1Xcb9MJ0XVdxv0wo2+370NcepnFdbOf8ALdDjm3J6eb86f77PvtXH5ls9KWX83Wfv0i0OiqruM+mE6Kq+4z6YTbrfvQ1x6mbn1tNeJuhxzbRp5vzp/vu9q4/MtjpSy/m639+kWj0VVdxv0wnRVV3W/SCbdQ70NcepmNdbeftmFnaKYR6TT86fguz77Vx+ZbAudl/N1v79KtHouq7rfphBa6nhpb9IJt1v3oao9TM6ttvP2zC0NFMGFpp+dP3u72rj8y2OlLL+brf36RaPRVV3W/TCdF1Xdb9IJt1v3oa49TKa62GvbMLO0UwYWmn5y/Bd3tXH5lCbW26gv8tI+mgltgp9RxHJyuokjfl3DGFLdFVXUxv0gvh9nqZNxbw7JMKsry2ksOaO1C6lbz8ynLDKbU7IU9Q/XNcKt7h1uaxZaDZ+F0VbFHSm4OpRFyNLIXAEP1a5nNZvcQWgbuGR1Kyu2emPb9MFYZNl5Xua/eHs969smlzfMQQVWNzax4qSNVTxatVSjVllL0Knftnia19HS05EcUcUjonVIa6lke3L4cuByBuOOrd5VF+5WYf6B375H/QugRbLzRM0xNa1uc4yN5X2dnan/L6QjuLSXFyRNLxm4ox0054RSKLY+GVpNXPJA7qa2Rkh+fxQvLjsY1lODbal0s+oeLM5rG6d+TkDjwV39zlT/l9IX0Nm6gdbfSFXzrPuXyd4/qC8XHzDmg2Qu+DhtKf/AH//AKVloNmIn01URbhdKimfFE2lfrLI2Ojy6TSzeS54LdXp6lZxs7UEf/6C8fsw5z2yPa7lGjSHNmLHAdmRg4Uwr2sP4yXyVr+OV7nCrSyl6EJbrJTWvaoSRxc5pKKcNdTySkFjXQ5dEHjedLyB5N6u3Stl/N1n77Ko2CyTU8TYoYY4428GtIwsvRNV3WfSC6K9t1ymjzalx5j+pmWSutrq2KVtnayna0h8AqXkPJ4HVxGOxbHStl/N1v79ItHouq7jfpBedF1Xcb9IKdut+9HPXHqeXOppKmRjqGgFEwDDmiZ0mo545PBaazVNNJTFolABcMjBysK0QnGotUXlFk88giLJTwvqKiKGIZkkeGNB7ScBWBjRTEmz88Ujo5Ky1tewlrmmsYCCDghfPQcvx+1fvrEBErbtlRS00z3V1CK1hbhrDM6PSc8cjitvoKX4/av31iwS2qZkgYyWlnONRMM7Xgb8byFWc4wjqk8INpG70pZfzcb++yLWZXW1tfJK6zh1M5ga2n5y8Bru9q4nzLD0VUj4LfpBOi6rut+kFn26370V1x6m/wBKWX83W/v0q1mVttFdJM60A07mBrafnT8Nd3tXH5lh6Lqu436QTouq7jfpBNut+9DXHqb5ulm/N1n79KtdtdbefulNoBpiwNEHOn4Du9q4/MsHRdV3G/SCdF1Xcb9IJt9v3oa49Tf6Tsv5ut/fZVriutvP3TdDg0xYGin50/Ad3tXH5lg6Lqu436QTouq7jfpBNvt+9DXHqb/SdlH/AJdb++yLXbXWzn7puhwaYx6RT86fudn32rj8ywdF1Xcb9IJ0XVdxv0gm32/ehrj1JDpSyj/y6z9+kWsK228/Mxs7ebFmnm/On++72rj8ywdF1Xcb9IJ0XVdxv0gm32/ehrj1JDpSyfm6z9+lWrz628/M3Q7ea8np5vzl+NWffauPzLD0XVdxv0gnRdV3G/SCbfb96I1x6m+LnZfzcYP/AN6Ra5rbbz/luhxzbk9PN+cv99n32rj8yw9FVXdZ9ILzouq7jfpBNvt+9DXHqb4ulk/N1v79Ktc19s5+Juhxzbk9Jp+dPxqz77Vx+ZYOi6rut+kE6Lqu636QTb7fvQ1R6kh0pZTw2dZ++yrWNdbTXibodophHpNOKp+C7vauPzLB0XVd1v0gnRdV3W/SCbfb96J1x6m+LnZfzdb+/SrXNdbDXtlbZ2imDNJp+dPwXZ99q4/MsHRdV3W/SCdF1XdZ9IKNut+9DXHqb/Sdm/N1n77KtY11tNeyUWdopwwtNPzp+C7vauPzLD0XVdxv0k6Lqu436Snb7fvQ1x6kgLpZevZ1n79KtZ1dbTXNlFnDacMLTBzp+HO72rj8ywdF1Xcb9IJ0XVdxv0k2+370NUepYERF+fmEIiIAiIgCIiAIiIAiIgCIiAIiIAiIgCIiAIiIAiIgCIiAhL87+0xt7GZ9pUat68765/kaB7For77w9Ytof4NtP+KC2rVM2nulHPIHFkU7HuDRkkBwO4du5aqkdm/xitf7VF9sLYXMN1nbU3OtnjDgyWd72hwwQC4neO1aikdpPxhuv7VL9sqOQlBSVhdipkb2s/io1b1lOK9v6J+pY/EFqt5/4KVP4ssBGF4vSvF8CYUEREAREQBERAEREAREQBERAEREAREQBERAEREAREQBERAf/9k=
