##Wuhan Pneumonia Record | after the closure of the city, but the Spring Festival in Wuhan

WECHAT betteryourlife2013

The introduction to better your life focuses on the better you and the better world that comes with it.

Let's have more fun in Wuhan! Please click on the top better → click on the upper right corner"..."→"set as star"

At 3:30 p.m. on the 22nd, reporter Wang Jing boarded a train home from Wuhan Railway Station, carrying a pink backpack and a twenty-four inch brown suitcase with ipads, laptops and a change of clothes, and New Year's items to take home. It took her two hours and nine minutes to get to Henan and then change buses to go home. She traveled the route several times a year for six years, without incident.

This was her original plan, but on the 20th the outbreak of the new type of pneumonia in Wuhan suddenly intensified, causing her trip to shift to another track, she chose to stay in Wuhan.

The first official case of pneumonia was reported on December 8 last year. A day or twenty-two later, an urgent notice on the treatment of pneumonia of unknown cause, signed by the Wuhan Health and Health Commission, began circulating online, causing panic among residents to buy Isatis Tinctoria and face masks. But the announcement, released the next day, said "no significant human-to-human transmission has been detected" , with only twenty-seven confirmed cases and China's highest-level Virus Laboratory, P4, in Jiangxia District, to make the crisis seem less serious, the panic dies down.

Wang Jing because of the nature of the work, more than ordinary people receive information channels, for the new pneumonia, she learned the situation, more severe than the official notice.

For some reason, she can not reveal her sources, but she did receive information before January 11, when the Chinese state authorities and the WHO released the genetic sequence of the virus, and around January 13, when companies began to develop virus kits, the virus is "suspected to have spread. ". Five kilometers away from the south China Seafood Market, "a resident who lives in a gold and Silver Lake said that there have been a lot of ambulances lately. ". And nearby some hospitals, have appeared more patients.

But she couldn't be sure they were new pneumonia patients. The COVID-19, named by WHO as 2019-nCoV, has, according to current disclosures, a generally longer incubation period of 5-12 days than SARS. Some of its patients "mild onset symptoms, but no fever and other clinical symptoms" , so transmission is more subtle.

Unfortunately, during the first 20 days when it was not confirmed that the virus could be transmitted from person to person, only a small percentage of Wuhan residents wore masks, mostly young people, Wang observed on the way to the interview. And some middle-aged and elderly people do not even know about the virus.

When the virus was first reported on December 31, Wang Jing bought 15 anti smog masks. When the outbreak began, she found that the virus could not be isolated effectively, so she spent seventy-three yuan on Taobao and bought 200 Corfu surgical masks. As the news on the wechat group got more and more serious, she planned to buy a new batch, Taobao has not bought any medical surgery and N95 masks. Among her circle of friends are modern day buyers, and the price of masks is starting to climb.

Pharmacies under the Wuhan Line have also been snapped up. All the masks in her neighborhood were sold out, and I got there just in time to sell the last one. Then in Hankou, when the drugstore happened to be in stock, she hurried to the price of $20 a pack of five bags. The woman in front of her, "grabbed a bunch of them, dozens and dozens of them, and then wanted to buy alcohol cotton balls. There was no seventy-five proof alcohol. " She went to five more pharmacies the next day and finally got one.

But the purchase of the drug did not ease her mind, journalists and health care workers alike, not far from the virus. In the workgroup, she saw colleagues communicating about their health, with "a third having a heavy head, cough, muscle acid and low-grade fever" . Most of them will go to various hospitals in Wuhan, the South China Seafood Market and other places for on-the-spot interviews. They were given 3m face masks and immune boosting drugs.

On the 20th, the same day that academician Zhong Nanshan confirmed the existence of the new pneumonia virus in human to human transmission, a wave of complaints about Wuhan spread on Weibo. Wang Jing "really a little bit scared, " her mother sent several long voice, let her consider their own safety, this year wronged for a while, stay in Wuhan New Year. She made a video call crying, and mother interceded, only to return home for the New Year agreed.

But less than a day later, after hundreds of new cases of pneumonia were confirmed in provinces across the country, airlines began giving full refunds to flights in Wuhan, and her mother again urged her to stay. She cried again, and this time she agreed to a refund. The handling fee for the return trip was deducted nearly fifty yuan. Then at 7 pm, 12306 will waive the refund fee for trains to and from Wuhan.

It will be the first time for her to spend the New Year in Wuhan, as well as the first time to spend the New Year alone. She canceled her cat's foster care to stock up on food. She used jd.com to buy several large bags of instant noodles, some vegetables, five kilograms of rice and some cakes. The first order, take-out guy to call her, said that the recent order is too much, goods shortage, let her buy the next morning. There have also been a lot of take-out drug purchases recently, with pharmacies lining up even at night.

Wang Jing said many times "afraid" , her hands were shaking with fear for a while, she would like to stay at home, do not go out during the New Year. But in the work group, her colleagues heard can go to Tongji Hospital interview, know a protective clothing to wear, volunteered to sign up. It made her feel guilty for her cowardice.

There's nothing to be ashamed of. Every reporter has a job to do. On the afternoon of the 22nd, when Wang Jing was supposed to get on the train to go home, news came out from Wuhan University's Zhongnan Hospital that a patient with severe pneumonia had been successfully treated with ECMO (mobile heart and lung instrument) technology. The patient was COVID-19.

She was at home, some runny nose, first with Mr. Wei Meng, then with alcohol, do more than an hour of kitchen hygiene. The next day she was going to the hospital to interview.

By the evening of the 22nd, a suspected case of COVID-19 had been discovered in Lanzhou.

When she got up on the morning of the 20th and opened her mobile phone, Ms. Li saw the news of the outbreak and immediately went downstairs to buy some bags of surgical masks at the nearest pharmacy. At about 8 p.m. , after watching the epidemic live on various media and social media platforms, Ms. Li decided to cancel her ticket back to Wuhan for the New Year on the 21st, saying she had always been a highly sensitive person.

The parents of the Zhang Zhidong family in Wuchang were disappointed when their daughter did not return home for the New Year, but they eventually showed understanding and support after she tried to explain the situation to them, "In exceptional circumstances there is nothing we can do but wait for the epidemic to pass before going home. "

While away from home, Ms. Li kept refreshing her circle of friends and was concerned about the activities of her family and friends in her hometown. She said that whenever she saw a report on the detailed analysis of the virus, she would carefully read it and selectively forward it to her family, then the video and parents told to wear a mask, the old people feel uncomfortable, go out always forget to wear, this kind of casual disregard let Ms. Li feel very headache.

Ms. Li can not go to the parents, so far away, more as children of the elderly worry, charge and charge.

As more and more people wearing masks walk the streets of Lanzhou, people are beginning to realize the seriousness of the problem. Ms. Li and her family will try to avoid going out, but the necessary meals are still going on.

Yesterday afternoon, Ms. Li also received several video clips of playing mah-jongg among her classmates in Wuhan. She said that people in Wuhan are really in a good mood, but she is very sensitive to this kind of epidemic, "If I were at home, I would probably go and stock up on vegetables, fruits and grains, and then I would stay at home and not go out at all. I might be an atypical Wuhan Person. "

Around January 20, on the Internet and on Wechat, she saw so many indifferent voices that Ms. Li could not understand their attitudes. Ms. Li has not seen such a voice since the two days the number of people infected has been rising.

After the outbreak became serious, going to and from Wuhan became almost a scene in the movie "Busan Line, " and many screenshots of the dialogue circulated on the Internet, including some fake news. When news of the closure came out today, everyone was more active in reposting and commenting on news reports, and Ms. Li was one of them.

"I am quite calm, even though I am worried and not panicking, but I can not be too indifferent, and I can not feel that this thing is far away from me and not be well protected, especially now that there is so much population mobility. "

Ms. Li now worries most about her family in Wuhan, and her younger brother has stayed in Shanghai to celebrate the Spring Festival alone, leaving the family with just two old people this year.

Ms. Li recalled the SARS virus many years ago, "I remember SARS very well, I was in school, closed school did not go home for more than a month, is to watch the news every day, basically isolated from the outside world. The railway station and the airport are crowded and enclosed, which is why I decided not to go home."

As a makeup artist, Ms. Li's work has not been affected, but some students do catering friends in wechat group chat, said business is bleak.

Because of the epidemic, Ms. Li also returned the New Year dinner she had ordered at the hotel. In the past, Ms. Li's family would take turns to eat new year's meals from one relative to another. This year, everyone could only have new year's meals by video in the group.

At 7:15 in the morning, Wang Wen was awakened by the sound of a tram outside her apartment.

Wang is a native of Wuhan and has worked as a tour operator in Ōsaka for five years. Since the domestic situation of pneumonia in Wuhan became tense, she had to pick up her mobile phone countless times every day, to check Weibo, to check her friends' circle, not to miss any news related to the "new type of pneumonia" .

When she saw the Wuhan Airport Railway Station temporarily closed from the Han Corridor Wuhan bus suspended two hot search, Wang Wen immediately woke up, she sat up in bed, to call their parents in Wuhan.

At 6:20, Beijing time, the parents are still asleep, received a phone call from Wang Wen when they were a little surprised, thought that his daughter returned home early. When they understood why, they didn't even have time to say hello to each other. They hung up the phone and went to the market downstairs to buy more things.

Although the family has cured Fish Bacon and sausage, fried meat dumplings and Lotus root folder year goods, there are dumplings and hot pot in the refrigerator. They feel that this is not enough. They must stock up on more vegetables, vegetables and dry food.

This is not the first time that Wang Wen, who is in a foreign country, has given up on coming home for Chinese New Year. She likes the excitement of the Spring Festival, but can not resist the parents'nagging and seven elder sister-in-law's greetings, always use the name of work to avoid the Spring Festival.

This year, Wang Wen's family group, the Group of friends did not gather for dinner, there is no new year. She knew that no one was in the mood.

During the Spring Festival, the number of tourists from China to Japan only increased, Wang Wen's work will continue. Put down the phone after getting up to prepare breakfast, pneumonia news to see more, Wang Wen felt his throat also began to some uncomfortable.

Watching the news of Wuhan Pneumonia on TV, thinking of the explosion of information on the Internet, Wang Wen burst into tears, she was a little homesick.

At 11:25 am on the 20th, Zhou launched a friend zone, which urged taxi drivers to wear masks for safety. Soon after, the Wuhan Government issued a red-headed document to officially enforce the mandatory wearing of masks in public places.

Since the outbreak of COVID-19 pneumonia in Wuhan on December 31,2019, Internet platforms have sprung up to poke fun at the lack of awareness among Wuhan residents. For Zhou, who is among them, the degree of attention of Wuhan people has been significantly improved, "after the announcement many people attach importance to. ".

Zhou Xiang, a native of Yichang, Hubei Province, is currently working as a designer in Wuhan, a city just six kilometers from the south China Seafood Market. For safety reasons, he suggested the company take an early annual holiday. When to resume work is still unknown, but in the Internet age, much of the work can be done remotely.

"Life comes before everything else, and a project can only be postponed or left undone. ".

The outbreak is so bad that Zhou Xiang has no intention of returning home. Left in Wuhan, he bought six boxes of medical masks and two boxes of his friends'recommended drug, Oseltamivir Phosphate, a specific inhibitor of neuraminidase that inhibits neuraminidase, used mainly in the treatment of influenza a and influenza B.

In addition to these special "new year goods" , New Year's Eve dinner also needs to be well prepared. The market near home is still busy, the biggest difference is that people are wearing masks, hands full of things. Zhou Xiang surmises, everybody ought to be all ready not to go out.

For the next seven days, Zhou and his wife, his mother-in-law and his family will either have to buy everything in advance or rely on takeout food for necessary supplies, "as little as possible, " according to the plan to enter a "quarantine state. ".

Among his circle of friends, some retweeted TCM prescriptions, others worried about a worsening epidemic, others posted empty videos of the Jianghan road subway station. Anxiety and fear became the most visible emotions.

Zhou is also not optimistic, fearing that the COVID-19 epidemic will be as long as the Atypical pneumonia in 2003. But he remains confident that "what the government does and when makes a lot of sense, and that's the advantage of our system" .

Not long after the interview ended, the People's Daily published the latest news. Suspected cases had been found in many places in Hubei Province, including Zhou's hometown of Yichang.

Xu was scheduled to take the 9:40 a.m. train from Wuchang Railway Station on Jan. 23 on his way home, but now he spends the 2020 Lunar New Year alone in his rented apartment.

At first, Xu Wei did not care about the sudden outbreak. His daily activities were confined to his home and his company, a kilometre away, and the news of COVID-19 pneumonia did not seem to have much impact on his life, given the distance from Hankou.

Many friends around the forwarding on "unexplained pneumonia" article, there are many people left Han in advance, these did not arouse his attention, "I fluke in the heart more heavy

It wasn't until the 21st that his sister, who was far away from home, suddenly asked if she could take a leave of absence and go home early. Many friends sent out reminders to pay attention to protection. Watching the sudden increase in related news in their circle of friends, Xu Wei realized that the situation was not right, "A lot of people on the road are wearing masks. ".

In the afternoon, the company announced that it would work from home before the Spring Festival because of a group application. Most of the colleagues around him still chose to go home. After discussing with his sister, Xu Wei decided to stay in Wuhan, considering that frequent trips to and from the railway station might increase unnecessary risks and worry about infecting his family.

For the son's decision, Xu Wei's mother some difficult to accept, and even to the son did not go home she came to Wuhan as a threat. In Xu Wei repeatedly explained, the mother finally understood this decision.

"I prefer to go back, mainly hope I go back for a short time do not come back. "

I don't know if it's the end of the year or the pneumonia, but there seems to be a sudden hush around my house, and even the sound of my car is much less. Xu Wei said that he likes quiet, but also could not help feeling that he had some sad and dreary.

The trip home canceled, go out to wander also unrealistic, the company has not issued after years of work arrangements, in the face of suddenly idle down life, Xu Wei a time some at a loss. His holiday plans seemed a little drab: Playing Video Games, studying traditional Chinese medicine, cooking.

The computer had run out of Assassin's Creed, and Xu posted a message on his friend's facebook page, asking if there were any good game recommendations. A dozen comments below referred to plague as "an immersive gaming experience. ". A few years ago Xu Wei once played this game, heard someone made a "divine prophecy" mod based on this game, he was somewhat curious, intend to study.

For the Wuhan Epidemic, Xu Wei is very optimistic: Such a big thing, the whole society will naturally take seriously, we can do is to protect themselves, and hope that these days as soon as possible.

"My mother said, if I was a day late ticket, do not let me back. " has returned to Wuhan May, each day more than the day before regret returning to Wuhan.

As early as the end of December, may learned from a micro-blog that "Wuhan has pneumonia of unknown cause" . But the main point of the post was to introduce that "Wuhan has the only p 4 virus lab in the country. " The cool hometown let may relax and grab the train ticket to go home.

The real detection of pneumonia in Wuhan is not imagined simple, is on the 20th. The News of the rising number of confirmed cases of pneumonia was overwhelming. Zhong Nanshan led a team of experts to Wuhan. At a press conference, it was announced that "pneumonia has been passed from person to person" ... May's heart was shaken to go home, so I sent a message to my parents, who are practicing medicine in Wuhan, to find out about the situation in Wuhan.

"All right, we even didn't take the mask. " A word of the parents, let may relieved. At 10:40 on the morning of the 21st, may boarded the train heading back to Wuhan from the south of Guangzhou."

Eighty percent of the passengers on the train wore masks, 50 percent of the people in the train station wore masks, and my aunt didn't mention pneumonia in Wuhan on her way home from picking up May. For a while, may thought she was overthinking things. But changed to change the ticket back to Guangzhou, from the fourth day ahead to the second day.

"May, join the game of biochemical crisis? " On the train back home, may also easily and friends on wechat joking that he is a "retrograde warrior" and could not wait to meet on the 22nd outdoor afternoon tea. But then the pact was swamped by the news of pneumonia that was constantly being tossed into the crowd, and everyone automatically broke their only pact during the Spring Festival.

Every day stay at home where not go may, every day than the day before regret their decision to come back.

During her 20-day wait to return home at the beginning of the month, her colleagues in Guangzhou advised her not to go back. It was too dangerous. What was fearless then has turned into regret now.

"My colleagues are joking, but they show some fear and dislike. Let's go back to Guangzhou and quarantine for 14 days before we go back to the company. Not to mention whether we will really catch it or not, our work will definitely be affected in years' time. "

Can the ticket of the 2nd Day Return Guangzhou Refunds? May does not know.

Two weeks before the holiday on the 21st, bittersvveeter had booked a train ticket to Xi'an for the first day of the Lunar New Year, a flight ticket from Xi'an to Chongqing for the fourth day, and was planning a trip from Chongqing to Shanghai. This Spring Festival, she was going to wave past.

On the 22nd, after three days at home, she returned the train ticket to Xi'an and the ticket to Chongqing, and dissuaded her friend from Shanghai who had not yet returned to Wuhan, "Don't come back! "

Within three days of opening his eyes at home, bittersvveeter would begin to hover with three sentences:

"This will be the youngest day of the rest of your life. "
I hope this is the worst day of the rest of your life
"What would you do if this was your last day? "

Then I turn on my phone, check for new cases, and see if the pneumonia shows any signs of improvement. Then get up, pick up the phone to the sink, wash your hands, with a paper towel dipped in soapy water wipe the phone. At breakfast time, she and her father sat on the Sofa with a bowl, silently eating breakfast, watching the news channel, watching the scroll bar below the screen.

"every day is like waiting for a trial, but you don't know what you've done to deserve punishment. "

She cried twice because the adults in the family didn't wear masks. "Dad said it's OK, as long as we don't go to crowded places. My Aunt said we can't buy masks or wear them. " So she went to all the pharmacies in Qingshan and only got a small bag. "The bank clerk who bought the two bags sold it to me. "

There was no prediction of the severity of the pneumonia, only the feeling that it had been "terrible" . BITTERSVVEETER for the first time began to fear death, "worry about yourself, worry about your family. Be On your guard against everything. Even though your mind is repeating that you can't do this on the youngest day of your life, what you're thinking about most is whether you and your loved ones will be okay. "

On the morning of the 22nd, Dad, who insisted on not wearing a mask, volunteered to put it on and asked bittersvveeter to write down all his bank card passwords on the drive to his grandmother's house. "I think my memory is getting worse lately, " bittersvveeter quips, though, "you forgot me. You won't forget Your Bank Card Password. ". But she knew in her heart that dad was starting to get scared.

Luo was in Macau, more than 900 kilometers from Wuhan, when the outbreak broke out. Even when you're far away, you can still feel the growing sense of panic.

Because it was a very early scheduled trip, coupled with the epidemic has not yet fermented, before leaving for Macau, Luo Xin and friends are not afraid of the virus.

When we set out, Wuhan was ostensibly peaceful. Access to Tianhe Airport procedures as usual, no temperature, there is no staff monitoring the situation, naked eye estimates that the number of people wearing masks in the airport less than 10% .

Luo Xin began to feel panic. After the plane landed, the flight attendants did not let all the passengers get off in turn as usual. While waiting, she saw four or five heavily armed workers in protective clothing, goggles and masks coming up, ask each passenger to fill out a health fact sheet, check his or her temperature one by one, and remind him or her not to take any photos or videos.

Passengers behind him still joked about it in Wuhan: "It's like we're from a biohazard Zombie zone. "

Luo Xin arrived in Macau the next day, the excitement of the trip has not had time to surface, was micro-blog, wechat and all kinds of news drowned. The increasing number of infections, the increase in deaths, the state of affairs, overnight all groups, no matter the region, are talking about this pneumonia.

Although still according to the plan in Macau, but not a moment in my heart is not thinking about this thing.

Luo Xin and her friends watched in silence as the number of people infected in Wuhan increased every day, while fellow travelers from other parts of the country worried about the first case in their hometown. As soon as there is a new development, parents and elders will be informed in the family group, always let them pay attention.

On the day of their return trip, Roisin and her friends ran out of surgical masks at nearly every Guardian, watsons and pharmacy in the Venetian neighborhood until less than two hours before their flight, to find the last dozen face masks in a pharmacy.

The Ground Service and Customs in Macao Airport have all put on masks; a passenger in the Waiting Hall coughed a few times, which immediately attracted the attention of the people around him; the number of people wearing masks at Tianhe Airport has also increased significantly. The pneumonia, which originated in Wuhan, is causing widespread concern and is being controlled.

The second day back to Wuhan, the Friends canceled the Spring Festival Party plans and sent greetings: "welcome back to the epidemic area. ". Blow up her face. She's wearing an N95 mask.

From outside the affected area back inside, Luo Xin's real feeling is that the situation is not so optimistic, not so bad. This Spring Festival is destined to be extraordinary for the people of Wuhan.

On January 23,2020, the sky in Wuhan was still overcast,
The smog is in the same mood as the city.
Tomorrow is New Year's Eve,
But this year there will be no spring festival, only a battle.
May everyone be well and better be with you all the time.

Text | better newsroom
Photo | provided by interviewees

New Friends Long press the Qr code below
Add 'better mulberry'
Old Friends can just hook up with better Jun, better sauce
Better San as a friend

💬
Where are you? Are you okay?

Click on the message at the bottom right corner of the text

-
END

Let's have more fun in Wuhan! Please click on the top better → click on the upper right corner"..."→"set as star"

At 3:30 p.m. on the 22nd, reporter Wang Jing boarded a train home from Wuhan Railway Station, carrying a pink backpack and a twenty-four inch brown suitcase with ipads, laptops and a change of clothes, and New Year's items to take home. It took her two hours and nine minutes to get to Henan and then change buses to go home. She traveled the route several times a year for six years, without incident.

This was her original plan, but on the 20th the outbreak of the new type of pneumonia in Wuhan suddenly intensified, causing her trip to shift to another track, she chose to stay in Wuhan.

At 3:30 p.m. on the 22nd, reporter Wang Jing boarded a train home from Wuhan Railway Station, carrying a pink backpack and a twenty-four inch brown suitcase with ipads, laptops and a change of clothes, and New Year's items to take home. It took her two hours and nine minutes to get to Henan and then change buses to go home. She traveled the route several times a year for six years, without incident.

This was her original plan, but on the 20th the outbreak of the new type of pneumonia in Wuhan suddenly intensified, causing her trip to shift to another track, she chose to stay in Wuhan.

The first official case of pneumonia was reported on December 8 last year. A day or twenty-two later, an urgent notice on the treatment of pneumonia of unknown cause, signed by the Wuhan Health and Health Commission, began circulating online, causing panic among residents to buy Isatis Tinctoria and face masks. But the announcement, released the next day, said "no significant human-to-human transmission has been detected" , with only twenty-seven confirmed cases and China's highest-level Virus Laboratory, P4, in Jiangxia District, to make the crisis seem less serious, the panic dies down.

Wang Jing because of the nature of the work, more than ordinary people receive information channels, for the new pneumonia, she learned the situation, more severe than the official notice.

For some reason, she can not reveal her sources, but she did receive information before January 11, when the Chinese state authorities and the WHO released the genetic sequence of the virus, and around January 13, when companies began to develop virus kits, the virus is "suspected to have spread. ". Five kilometers away from the south China Seafood Market, "a resident who lives in a gold and Silver Lake said that there have been a lot of ambulances lately. ". And nearby some hospitals, have appeared more patients.

But she couldn't be sure they were new pneumonia patients. The COVID-19, named by WHO as 2019-nCoV, has, according to current disclosures, a generally longer incubation period of 5-12 days than SARS. Some of its patients "mild onset symptoms, but no fever and other clinical symptoms" , so transmission is more subtle.

Unfortunately, during the first 20 days when it was not confirmed that the virus could be transmitted from person to person, only a small percentage of Wuhan residents wore masks, mostly young people, Wang observed on the way to the interview. And some middle-aged and elderly people do not even know about the virus.

When the virus was first reported on December 31, Wang Jing bought 15 anti smog masks. When the outbreak began, she found that the virus could not be isolated effectively, so she spent seventy-three yuan on Taobao and bought 200 Corfu surgical masks. As the news on the wechat group got more and more serious, she planned to buy a new batch, Taobao has not bought any medical surgery and N95 masks. Among her circle of friends are modern day buyers, and the price of masks is starting to climb.

The first official case of pneumonia was reported on December 8 last year. A day or twenty-two later, an urgent notice on the treatment of pneumonia of unknown cause, signed by the Wuhan Health and Health Commission, began circulating online, causing panic among residents to buy Isatis Tinctoria and face masks. But the announcement, released the next day, said "no significant human-to-human transmission has been detected" , with only twenty-seven confirmed cases and China's highest-level Virus Laboratory, P4, in Jiangxia District, to make the crisis seem less serious, the panic dies down.

Wang Jing because of the nature of the work, more than ordinary people receive information channels, for the new pneumonia, she learned the situation, more severe than the official notice.

For some reason, she can not reveal her sources, but she did receive information before January 11, when the Chinese state authorities and the WHO released the genetic sequence of the virus, and around January 13, when companies began to develop virus kits, the virus is "suspected to have spread. ". Five kilometers away from the south China Seafood Market, "a resident who lives in a gold and Silver Lake said that there have been a lot of ambulances lately. ". And nearby some hospitals, have appeared more patients.

But she couldn't be sure they were new pneumonia patients. The COVID-19, named by WHO as 2019-nCoV, has, according to current disclosures, a generally longer incubation period of 5-12 days than SARS. Some of its patients "mild onset symptoms, but no fever and other clinical symptoms" , so transmission is more subtle.

Unfortunately, during the first 20 days when it was not confirmed that the virus could be transmitted from person to person, only a small percentage of Wuhan residents wore masks, mostly young people, Wang observed on the way to the interview. And some middle-aged and elderly people do not even know about the virus.

When the virus was first reported on December 31, Wang Jing bought 15 anti smog masks. When the outbreak began, she found that the virus could not be isolated effectively, so she spent seventy-three yuan on Taobao and bought 200 Corfu surgical masks. As the news on the wechat group got more and more serious, she planned to buy a new batch, Taobao has not bought any medical surgery and N95 masks. Among her circle of friends are modern day buyers, and the price of masks is starting to climb.

Pharmacies under the Wuhan Line have also been snapped up. All the masks in her neighborhood were sold out, and I got there just in time to sell the last one. Then in Hankou, when the drugstore happened to be in stock, she hurried to the price of $20 a pack of five bags. The woman in front of her, "grabbed a bunch of them, dozens and dozens of them, and then wanted to buy alcohol cotton balls. There was no seventy-five proof alcohol. " She went to five more pharmacies the next day and finally got one.

But the purchase of the drug did not ease her mind, journalists and health care workers alike, not far from the virus. In the workgroup, she saw colleagues communicating about their health, with "a third having a heavy head, cough, muscle acid and low-grade fever" . Most of them will go to various hospitals in Wuhan, the South China Seafood Market and other places for on-the-spot interviews. They were given 3m face masks and immune boosting drugs.

On the 20th, the same day that academician Zhong Nanshan confirmed the existence of the new pneumonia virus in human to human transmission, a wave of complaints about Wuhan spread on Weibo. Wang Jing "really a little bit scared, " her mother sent several long voice, let her consider their own safety, this year wronged for a while, stay in Wuhan New Year. She made a video call crying, and mother interceded, only to return home for the New Year agreed.

But less than a day later, after hundreds of new cases of pneumonia were confirmed in provinces across the country, airlines began giving full refunds to flights in Wuhan, and her mother again urged her to stay. She cried again, and this time she agreed to a refund. The handling fee for the return trip was deducted nearly fifty yuan. Then at 7 pm, 12306 will waive the refund fee for trains to and from Wuhan.

It will be the first time for her to spend the New Year in Wuhan, as well as the first time to spend the New Year alone. She canceled her cat's foster care to stock up on food. She used jd.com to buy several large bags of instant noodles, some vegetables, five kilograms of rice and some cakes. The first order, take-out guy to call her, said that the recent order is too much, goods shortage, let her buy the next morning. There have also been a lot of take-out drug purchases recently, with pharmacies lining up even at night.

Wang Jing said many times "afraid" , her hands were shaking with fear for a while, she would like to stay at home, do not go out during the New Year. But in the work group, her colleagues heard can go to Tongji Hospital interview, know a protective clothing to wear, volunteered to sign up. It made her feel guilty for her cowardice.

There's nothing to be ashamed of. Every reporter has a job to do. On the afternoon of the 22nd, when Wang Jing was supposed to get on the train to go home, news came out from Wuhan University's Zhongnan Hospital that a patient with severe pneumonia had been successfully treated with ECMO (mobile heart and lung instrument) technology. The patient was COVID-19.

She was at home, some runny nose, first with Mr. Wei Meng, then with alcohol, do more than an hour of kitchen hygiene. The next day she was going to the hospital to interview.

Pharmacies under the Wuhan Line have also been snapped up. All the masks in her neighborhood were sold out, and I got there just in time to sell the last one. Then in Hankou, when the drugstore happened to be in stock, she hurried to the price of $20 a pack of five bags. The woman in front of her, "grabbed a bunch of them, dozens and dozens of them, and then wanted to buy alcohol cotton balls. There was no seventy-five proof alcohol. " She went to five more pharmacies the next day and finally got one.

But the purchase of the drug did not ease her mind, journalists and health care workers alike, not far from the virus. In the workgroup, she saw colleagues communicating about their health, with "a third having a heavy head, cough, muscle acid and low-grade fever" . Most of them will go to various hospitals in Wuhan, the South China Seafood Market and other places for on-the-spot interviews. They were given 3m face masks and immune boosting drugs.

On the 20th, the same day that academician Zhong Nanshan confirmed the existence of the new pneumonia virus in human to human transmission, a wave of complaints about Wuhan spread on Weibo. Wang Jing "really a little bit scared, " her mother sent several long voice, let her consider their own safety, this year wronged for a while, stay in Wuhan New Year. She made a video call crying, and mother interceded, only to return home for the New Year agreed.

But less than a day later, after hundreds of new cases of pneumonia were confirmed in provinces across the country, airlines began giving full refunds to flights in Wuhan, and her mother again urged her to stay. She cried again, and this time she agreed to a refund. The handling fee for the return trip was deducted nearly fifty yuan. Then at 7 pm, 12306 will waive the refund fee for trains to and from Wuhan.

It will be the first time for her to spend the New Year in Wuhan, as well as the first time to spend the New Year alone. She canceled her cat's foster care to stock up on food. She used jd.com to buy several large bags of instant noodles, some vegetables, five kilograms of rice and some cakes. The first order, take-out guy to call her, said that the recent order is too much, goods shortage, let her buy the next morning. There have also been a lot of take-out drug purchases recently, with pharmacies lining up even at night.

Wang Jing said many times "afraid" , her hands were shaking with fear for a while, she would like to stay at home, do not go out during the New Year. But in the work group, her colleagues heard can go to Tongji Hospital interview, know a protective clothing to wear, volunteered to sign up. It made her feel guilty for her cowardice.

There's nothing to be ashamed of. Every reporter has a job to do. On the afternoon of the 22nd, when Wang Jing was supposed to get on the train to go home, news came out from Wuhan University's Zhongnan Hospital that a patient with severe pneumonia had been successfully treated with ECMO (mobile heart and lung instrument) technology. The patient was COVID-19.

She was at home, some runny nose, first with Mr. Wei Meng, then with alcohol, do more than an hour of kitchen hygiene. The next day she was going to the hospital to interview.

By the evening of the 22nd, a suspected case of COVID-19 had been discovered in Lanzhou.

When she got up on the morning of the 20th and opened her mobile phone, Ms. Li saw the news of the outbreak and immediately went downstairs to buy some bags of surgical masks at the nearest pharmacy. At about 8 p.m. , after watching the epidemic live on various media and social media platforms, Ms. Li decided to cancel her ticket back to Wuhan for the New Year on the 21st, saying she had always been a highly sensitive person.

The parents of the Zhang Zhidong family in Wuchang were disappointed when their daughter did not return home for the New Year, but they eventually showed understanding and support after she tried to explain the situation to them, "In exceptional circumstances there is nothing we can do but wait for the epidemic to pass before going home. "

While away from home, Ms. Li kept refreshing her circle of friends and was concerned about the activities of her family and friends in her hometown. She said that whenever she saw a report on the detailed analysis of the virus, she would carefully read it and selectively forward it to her family, then the video and parents told to wear a mask, the old people feel uncomfortable, go out always forget to wear, this kind of casual disregard let Ms. Li feel very headache.

Ms. Li can not go to the parents, so far away, more as children of the elderly worry, charge and charge.

As more and more people wearing masks walk the streets of Lanzhou, people are beginning to realize the seriousness of the problem. Ms. Li and her family will try to avoid going out, but the necessary meals are still going on.

Yesterday afternoon, Ms. Li also received several video clips of playing mah-jongg among her classmates in Wuhan. She said that people in Wuhan are really in a good mood, but she is very sensitive to this kind of epidemic, "If I were at home, I would probably go and stock up on vegetables, fruits and grains, and then I would stay at home and not go out at all. I might be an atypical Wuhan Person. "

By the evening of the 22nd, a suspected case of COVID-19 had been discovered in Lanzhou.

When she got up on the morning of the 20th and opened her mobile phone, Ms. Li saw the news of the outbreak and immediately went downstairs to buy some bags of surgical masks at the nearest pharmacy. At about 8 p.m. , after watching the epidemic live on various media and social media platforms, Ms. Li decided to cancel her ticket back to Wuhan for the New Year on the 21st, saying she had always been a highly sensitive person.

The parents of the Zhang Zhidong family in Wuchang were disappointed when their daughter did not return home for the New Year, but they eventually showed understanding and support after she tried to explain the situation to them, "In exceptional circumstances there is nothing we can do but wait for the epidemic to pass before going home. "

While away from home, Ms. Li kept refreshing her circle of friends and was concerned about the activities of her family and friends in her hometown. She said that whenever she saw a report on the detailed analysis of the virus, she would carefully read it and selectively forward it to her family, then the video and parents told to wear a mask, the old people feel uncomfortable, go out always forget to wear, this kind of casual disregard let Ms. Li feel very headache.

Ms. Li can not go to the parents, so far away, more as children of the elderly worry, charge and charge.

As more and more people wearing masks walk the streets of Lanzhou, people are beginning to realize the seriousness of the problem. Ms. Li and her family will try to avoid going out, but the necessary meals are still going on.

Yesterday afternoon, Ms. Li also received several video clips of playing mah-jongg among her classmates in Wuhan. She said that people in Wuhan are really in a good mood, but she is very sensitive to this kind of epidemic, "If I were at home, I would probably go and stock up on vegetables, fruits and grains, and then I would stay at home and not go out at all. I might be an atypical Wuhan Person. "

Around January 20, on the Internet and on Wechat, she saw so many indifferent voices that Ms. Li could not understand their attitudes. Ms. Li has not seen such a voice since the two days the number of people infected has been rising.

After the outbreak became serious, going to and from Wuhan became almost a scene in the movie "Busan Line, " and many screenshots of the dialogue circulated on the Internet, including some fake news. When news of the closure came out today, everyone was more active in reposting and commenting on news reports, and Ms. Li was one of them.

"I am quite calm, even though I am worried and not panicking, but I can not be too indifferent, and I can not feel that this thing is far away from me and not be well protected, especially now that there is so much population mobility. "

Ms. Li now worries most about her family in Wuhan, and her younger brother has stayed in Shanghai to celebrate the Spring Festival alone, leaving the family with just two old people this year.

Ms. Li recalled the SARS virus many years ago, "I remember SARS very well, I was in school, closed school did not go home for more than a month, is to watch the news every day, basically isolated from the outside world. The railway station and the airport are crowded and enclosed, which is why I decided not to go home."

As a makeup artist, Ms. Li's work has not been affected, but some students do catering friends in wechat group chat, said business is bleak.

Because of the epidemic, Ms. Li also returned the New Year dinner she had ordered at the hotel. In the past, Ms. Li's family would take turns to eat new year's meals from one relative to another. This year, everyone could only have new year's meals by video in the group.

Around January 20, on the Internet and on Wechat, she saw so many indifferent voices that Ms. Li could not understand their attitudes. Ms. Li has not seen such a voice since the two days the number of people infected has been rising.

After the outbreak became serious, going to and from Wuhan became almost a scene in the movie "Busan Line, " and many screenshots of the dialogue circulated on the Internet, including some fake news. When news of the closure came out today, everyone was more active in reposting and commenting on news reports, and Ms. Li was one of them.

"I am quite calm, even though I am worried and not panicking, but I can not be too indifferent, and I can not feel that this thing is far away from me and not be well protected, especially now that there is so much population mobility. "

Ms. Li now worries most about her family in Wuhan, and her younger brother has stayed in Shanghai to celebrate the Spring Festival alone, leaving the family with just two old people this year.

Ms. Li recalled the SARS virus many years ago, "I remember SARS very well, I was in school, closed school did not go home for more than a month, is to watch the news every day, basically isolated from the outside world. The railway station and the airport are crowded and enclosed, which is why I decided not to go home."

As a makeup artist, Ms. Li's work has not been affected, but some students do catering friends in wechat group chat, said business is bleak.

Because of the epidemic, Ms. Li also returned the New Year dinner she had ordered at the hotel. In the past, Ms. Li's family would take turns to eat new year's meals from one relative to another. This year, everyone could only have new year's meals by video in the group.

At 7:15 in the morning, Wang Wen was awakened by the sound of a tram outside her apartment.

Wang is a native of Wuhan and has worked as a tour operator in Ōsaka for five years. Since the domestic situation of pneumonia in Wuhan became tense, she had to pick up her mobile phone countless times every day, to check Weibo, to check her friends' circle, not to miss any news related to the "new type of pneumonia" .

At 7:15 in the morning, Wang Wen was awakened by the sound of a tram outside her apartment.

Wang is a native of Wuhan and has worked as a tour operator in Ōsaka for five years. Since the domestic situation of pneumonia in Wuhan became tense, she had to pick up her mobile phone countless times every day, to check Weibo, to check her friends' circle, not to miss any news related to the "new type of pneumonia" .

When she saw the Wuhan Airport Railway Station temporarily closed from the Han Corridor Wuhan bus suspended two hot search, Wang Wen immediately woke up, she sat up in bed, to call their parents in Wuhan.

At 6:20, Beijing time, the parents are still asleep, received a phone call from Wang Wen when they were a little surprised, thought that his daughter returned home early. When they understood why, they didn't even have time to say hello to each other. They hung up the phone and went to the market downstairs to buy more things.

Although the family has cured Fish Bacon and sausage, fried meat dumplings and Lotus root folder year goods, there are dumplings and hot pot in the refrigerator. They feel that this is not enough. They must stock up on more vegetables, vegetables and dry food.

This is not the first time that Wang Wen, who is in a foreign country, has given up on coming home for Chinese New Year. She likes the excitement of the Spring Festival, but can not resist the parents'nagging and seven elder sister-in-law's greetings, always use the name of work to avoid the Spring Festival.

This year, Wang Wen's family group, the Group of friends did not gather for dinner, there is no new year. She knew that no one was in the mood.

When she saw the Wuhan Airport Railway Station temporarily closed from the Han Corridor Wuhan bus suspended two hot search, Wang Wen immediately woke up, she sat up in bed, to call their parents in Wuhan.

At 6:20, Beijing time, the parents are still asleep, received a phone call from Wang Wen when they were a little surprised, thought that his daughter returned home early. When they understood why, they didn't even have time to say hello to each other. They hung up the phone and went to the market downstairs to buy more things.

Although the family has cured Fish Bacon and sausage, fried meat dumplings and Lotus root folder year goods, there are dumplings and hot pot in the refrigerator. They feel that this is not enough. They must stock up on more vegetables, vegetables and dry food.

This is not the first time that Wang Wen, who is in a foreign country, has given up on coming home for Chinese New Year. She likes the excitement of the Spring Festival, but can not resist the parents'nagging and seven elder sister-in-law's greetings, always use the name of work to avoid the Spring Festival.

This year, Wang Wen's family group, the Group of friends did not gather for dinner, there is no new year. She knew that no one was in the mood.

During the Spring Festival, the number of tourists from China to Japan only increased, Wang Wen's work will continue. Put down the phone after getting up to prepare breakfast, pneumonia news to see more, Wang Wen felt his throat also began to some uncomfortable.

Watching the news of Wuhan Pneumonia on TV, thinking of the explosion of information on the Internet, Wang Wen burst into tears, she was a little homesick.

During the Spring Festival, the number of tourists from China to Japan only increased, Wang Wen's work will continue. Put down the phone after getting up to prepare breakfast, pneumonia news to see more, Wang Wen felt his throat also began to some uncomfortable.

Watching the news of Wuhan Pneumonia on TV, thinking of the explosion of information on the Internet, Wang Wen burst into tears, she was a little homesick.

At 11:25 am on the 20th, Zhou launched a friend zone, which urged taxi drivers to wear masks for safety. Soon after, the Wuhan Government issued a red-headed document to officially enforce the mandatory wearing of masks in public places.

Since the outbreak of COVID-19 pneumonia in Wuhan on December 31,2019, Internet platforms have sprung up to poke fun at the lack of awareness among Wuhan residents. For Zhou, who is among them, the degree of attention of Wuhan people has been significantly improved, "after the announcement many people attach importance to. ".

Zhou Xiang, a native of Yichang, Hubei Province, is currently working as a designer in Wuhan, a city just six kilometers from the south China Seafood Market. For safety reasons, he suggested the company take an early annual holiday. When to resume work is still unknown, but in the Internet age, much of the work can be done remotely.

"Life comes before everything else, and a project can only be postponed or left undone. ".

The outbreak is so bad that Zhou Xiang has no intention of returning home. Left in Wuhan, he bought six boxes of medical masks and two boxes of his friends'recommended drug, Oseltamivir Phosphate, a specific inhibitor of neuraminidase that inhibits neuraminidase, used mainly in the treatment of influenza a and influenza B.

At 11:25 am on the 20th, Zhou launched a friend zone, which urged taxi drivers to wear masks for safety. Soon after, the Wuhan Government issued a red-headed document to officially enforce the mandatory wearing of masks in public places.

Since the outbreak of COVID-19 pneumonia in Wuhan on December 31,2019, Internet platforms have sprung up to poke fun at the lack of awareness among Wuhan residents. For Zhou, who is among them, the degree of attention of Wuhan people has been significantly improved, "after the announcement many people attach importance to. ".

Zhou Xiang, a native of Yichang, Hubei Province, is currently working as a designer in Wuhan, a city just six kilometers from the south China Seafood Market. For safety reasons, he suggested the company take an early annual holiday. When to resume work is still unknown, but in the Internet age, much of the work can be done remotely.

"Life comes before everything else, and a project can only be postponed or left undone. ".

The outbreak is so bad that Zhou Xiang has no intention of returning home. Left in Wuhan, he bought six boxes of medical masks and two boxes of his friends'recommended drug, Oseltamivir Phosphate, a specific inhibitor of neuraminidase that inhibits neuraminidase, used mainly in the treatment of influenza a and influenza B.

In addition to these special "new year goods" , New Year's Eve dinner also needs to be well prepared. The market near home is still busy, the biggest difference is that people are wearing masks, hands full of things. Zhou Xiang surmises, everybody ought to be all ready not to go out.

For the next seven days, Zhou and his wife, his mother-in-law and his family will either have to buy everything in advance or rely on takeout food for necessary supplies, "as little as possible, " according to the plan to enter a "quarantine state. ".

Among his circle of friends, some retweeted TCM prescriptions, others worried about a worsening epidemic, others posted empty videos of the Jianghan road subway station. Anxiety and fear became the most visible emotions.

Zhou is also not optimistic, fearing that the COVID-19 epidemic will be as long as the Atypical pneumonia in 2003. But he remains confident that "what the government does and when makes a lot of sense, and that's the advantage of our system" .

Not long after the interview ended, the People's Daily published the latest news. Suspected cases had been found in many places in Hubei Province, including Zhou's hometown of Yichang.

In addition to these special "new year goods" , New Year's Eve dinner also needs to be well prepared. The market near home is still busy, the biggest difference is that people are wearing masks, hands full of things. Zhou Xiang surmises, everybody ought to be all ready not to go out.

For the next seven days, Zhou and his wife, his mother-in-law and his family will either have to buy everything in advance or rely on takeout food for necessary supplies, "as little as possible, " according to the plan to enter a "quarantine state. ".

Among his circle of friends, some retweeted TCM prescriptions, others worried about a worsening epidemic, others posted empty videos of the Jianghan road subway station. Anxiety and fear became the most visible emotions.

Zhou is also not optimistic, fearing that the COVID-19 epidemic will be as long as the Atypical pneumonia in 2003. But he remains confident that "what the government does and when makes a lot of sense, and that's the advantage of our system" .

Not long after the interview ended, the People's Daily published the latest news. Suspected cases had been found in many places in Hubei Province, including Zhou's hometown of Yichang.

Xu was scheduled to take the 9:40 a.m. train from Wuchang Railway Station on Jan. 23 on his way home, but now he spends the 2020 Lunar New Year alone in his rented apartment.

At first, Xu Wei did not care about the sudden outbreak. His daily activities were confined to his home and his company, a kilometre away, and the news of COVID-19 pneumonia did not seem to have much impact on his life, given the distance from Hankou.

Many friends around the forwarding on "unexplained pneumonia" article, there are many people left Han in advance, these did not arouse his attention, "I fluke in the heart more heavy

It wasn't until the 21st that his sister, who was far away from home, suddenly asked if she could take a leave of absence and go home early. Many friends sent out reminders to pay attention to protection. Watching the sudden increase in related news in their circle of friends, Xu Wei realized that the situation was not right, "A lot of people on the road are wearing masks. ".

In the afternoon, the company announced that it would work from home before the Spring Festival because of a group application. Most of the colleagues around him still chose to go home. After discussing with his sister, Xu Wei decided to stay in Wuhan, considering that frequent trips to and from the railway station might increase unnecessary risks and worry about infecting his family.

For the son's decision, Xu Wei's mother some difficult to accept, and even to the son did not go home she came to Wuhan as a threat. In Xu Wei repeatedly explained, the mother finally understood this decision.

"I prefer to go back, mainly hope I go back for a short time do not come back. "

I don't know if it's the end of the year or the pneumonia, but there seems to be a sudden hush around my house, and even the sound of my car is much less. Xu Wei said that he likes quiet, but also could not help feeling that he had some sad and dreary.

The trip home canceled, go out to wander also unrealistic, the company has not issued after years of work arrangements, in the face of suddenly idle down life, Xu Wei a time some at a loss. His holiday plans seemed a little drab: Playing Video Games, studying traditional Chinese medicine, cooking.

The computer had run out of Assassin's Creed, and Xu posted a message on his friend's facebook page, asking if there were any good game recommendations. A dozen comments below referred to plague as "an immersive gaming experience. ". A few years ago Xu Wei once played this game, heard someone made a "divine prophecy" mod based on this game, he was somewhat curious, intend to study.

For the Wuhan Epidemic, Xu Wei is very optimistic: Such a big thing, the whole society will naturally take seriously, we can do is to protect themselves, and hope that these days as soon as possible.

Xu was scheduled to take the 9:40 a.m. train from Wuchang Railway Station on Jan. 23 on his way home, but now he spends the 2020 Lunar New Year alone in his rented apartment.

At first, Xu Wei did not care about the sudden outbreak. His daily activities were confined to his home and his company, a kilometre away, and the news of COVID-19 pneumonia did not seem to have much impact on his life, given the distance from Hankou.

Many friends around the forwarding on "unexplained pneumonia" article, there are many people left Han in advance, these did not arouse his attention, "I fluke in the heart more heavy

It wasn't until the 21st that his sister, who was far away from home, suddenly asked if she could take a leave of absence and go home early. Many friends sent out reminders to pay attention to protection. Watching the sudden increase in related news in their circle of friends, Xu Wei realized that the situation was not right, "A lot of people on the road are wearing masks. ".

In the afternoon, the company announced that it would work from home before the Spring Festival because of a group application. Most of the colleagues around him still chose to go home. After discussing with his sister, Xu Wei decided to stay in Wuhan, considering that frequent trips to and from the railway station might increase unnecessary risks and worry about infecting his family.

For the son's decision, Xu Wei's mother some difficult to accept, and even to the son did not go home she came to Wuhan as a threat. In Xu Wei repeatedly explained, the mother finally understood this decision.

"I prefer to go back, mainly hope I go back for a short time do not come back. "

I don't know if it's the end of the year or the pneumonia, but there seems to be a sudden hush around my house, and even the sound of my car is much less. Xu Wei said that he likes quiet, but also could not help feeling that he had some sad and dreary.

The trip home canceled, go out to wander also unrealistic, the company has not issued after years of work arrangements, in the face of suddenly idle down life, Xu Wei a time some at a loss. His holiday plans seemed a little drab: Playing Video Games, studying traditional Chinese medicine, cooking.

The computer had run out of Assassin's Creed, and Xu posted a message on his friend's facebook page, asking if there were any good game recommendations. A dozen comments below referred to plague as "an immersive gaming experience. ". A few years ago Xu Wei once played this game, heard someone made a "divine prophecy" mod based on this game, he was somewhat curious, intend to study.

For the Wuhan Epidemic, Xu Wei is very optimistic: Such a big thing, the whole society will naturally take seriously, we can do is to protect themselves, and hope that these days as soon as possible.

"My mother said, if I was a day late ticket, do not let me back. " has returned to Wuhan May, each day more than the day before regret returning to Wuhan.

As early as the end of December, may learned from a micro-blog that "Wuhan has pneumonia of unknown cause" . But the main point of the post was to introduce that "Wuhan has the only p 4 virus lab in the country. " The cool hometown let may relax and grab the train ticket to go home.

The real detection of pneumonia in Wuhan is not imagined simple, is on the 20th. The News of the rising number of confirmed cases of pneumonia was overwhelming. Zhong Nanshan led a team of experts to Wuhan. At a press conference, it was announced that "pneumonia has been passed from person to person" ... May's heart was shaken to go home, so I sent a message to my parents, who are practicing medicine in Wuhan, to find out about the situation in Wuhan.

"All right, we even didn't take the mask. " A word of the parents, let may relieved. At 10:40 on the morning of the 21st, may boarded the train heading back to Wuhan from the south of Guangzhou."

Eighty percent of the passengers on the train wore masks, 50 percent of the people in the train station wore masks, and my aunt didn't mention pneumonia in Wuhan on her way home from picking up May. For a while, may thought she was overthinking things. But changed to change the ticket back to Guangzhou, from the fourth day ahead to the second day.

"My mother said, if I was a day late ticket, do not let me back. " has returned to Wuhan May, each day more than the day before regret returning to Wuhan.

As early as the end of December, may learned from a micro-blog that "Wuhan has pneumonia of unknown cause" . But the main point of the post was to introduce that "Wuhan has the only p 4 virus lab in the country. " The cool hometown let may relax and grab the train ticket to go home.

The real detection of pneumonia in Wuhan is not imagined simple, is on the 20th. The News of the rising number of confirmed cases of pneumonia was overwhelming. Zhong Nanshan led a team of experts to Wuhan. At a press conference, it was announced that "pneumonia has been passed from person to person" ... May's heart was shaken to go home, so I sent a message to my parents, who are practicing medicine in Wuhan, to find out about the situation in Wuhan.

"All right, we even didn't take the mask. " A word of the parents, let may relieved. At 10:40 on the morning of the 21st, may boarded the train heading back to Wuhan from the south of Guangzhou."

Eighty percent of the passengers on the train wore masks, 50 percent of the people in the train station wore masks, and my aunt didn't mention pneumonia in Wuhan on her way home from picking up May. For a while, may thought she was overthinking things. But changed to change the ticket back to Guangzhou, from the fourth day ahead to the second day.

"May, join the game of biochemical crisis? " On the train back home, may also easily and friends on wechat joking that he is a "retrograde warrior" and could not wait to meet on the 22nd outdoor afternoon tea. But then the pact was swamped by the news of pneumonia that was constantly being tossed into the crowd, and everyone automatically broke their only pact during the Spring Festival.

Every day stay at home where not go may, every day than the day before regret their decision to come back.

During her 20-day wait to return home at the beginning of the month, her colleagues in Guangzhou advised her not to go back. It was too dangerous. What was fearless then has turned into regret now.

"My colleagues are joking, but they show some fear and dislike. Let's go back to Guangzhou and quarantine for 14 days before we go back to the company. Not to mention whether we will really catch it or not, our work will definitely be affected in years' time. "

Can the ticket of the 2nd Day Return Guangzhou Refunds? May does not know.

"May, join the game of biochemical crisis? " On the train back home, may also easily and friends on wechat joking that he is a "retrograde warrior" and could not wait to meet on the 22nd outdoor afternoon tea. But then the pact was swamped by the news of pneumonia that was constantly being tossed into the crowd, and everyone automatically broke their only pact during the Spring Festival.

Every day stay at home where not go may, every day than the day before regret their decision to come back.

During her 20-day wait to return home at the beginning of the month, her colleagues in Guangzhou advised her not to go back. It was too dangerous. What was fearless then has turned into regret now.

"My colleagues are joking, but they show some fear and dislike. Let's go back to Guangzhou and quarantine for 14 days before we go back to the company. Not to mention whether we will really catch it or not, our work will definitely be affected in years' time. "

Can the ticket of the 2nd Day Return Guangzhou Refunds? May does not know.

Two weeks before the holiday on the 21st, bittersvveeter had booked a train ticket to Xi'an for the first day of the Lunar New Year, a flight ticket from Xi'an to Chongqing for the fourth day, and was planning a trip from Chongqing to Shanghai. This Spring Festival, she was going to wave past.

On the 22nd, after three days at home, she returned the train ticket to Xi'an and the ticket to Chongqing, and dissuaded her friend from Shanghai who had not yet returned to Wuhan, "Don't come back! "

Within three days of opening his eyes at home, bittersvveeter would begin to hover with three sentences:

"This will be the youngest day of the rest of your life. "
I hope this is the worst day of the rest of your life
"What would you do if this was your last day? "

Then I turn on my phone, check for new cases, and see if the pneumonia shows any signs of improvement. Then get up, pick up the phone to the sink, wash your hands, with a paper towel dipped in soapy water wipe the phone. At breakfast time, she and her father sat on the Sofa with a bowl, silently eating breakfast, watching the news channel, watching the scroll bar below the screen.

"every day is like waiting for a trial, but you don't know what you've done to deserve punishment. "

She cried twice because the adults in the family didn't wear masks. "Dad said it's OK, as long as we don't go to crowded places. My Aunt said we can't buy masks or wear them. " So she went to all the pharmacies in Qingshan and only got a small bag. "The bank clerk who bought the two bags sold it to me. "

There was no prediction of the severity of the pneumonia, only the feeling that it had been "terrible" . BITTERSVVEETER for the first time began to fear death, "worry about yourself, worry about your family. Be On your guard against everything. Even though your mind is repeating that you can't do this on the youngest day of your life, what you're thinking about most is whether you and your loved ones will be okay. "

On the morning of the 22nd, Dad, who insisted on not wearing a mask, volunteered to put it on and asked bittersvveeter to write down all his bank card passwords on the drive to his grandmother's house. "I think my memory is getting worse lately, " bittersvveeter quips, though, "you forgot me. You won't forget Your Bank Card Password. ". But she knew in her heart that dad was starting to get scared.

Two weeks before the holiday on the 21st, bittersvveeter had booked a train ticket to Xi'an for the first day of the Lunar New Year, a flight ticket from Xi'an to Chongqing for the fourth day, and was planning a trip from Chongqing to Shanghai. This Spring Festival, she was going to wave past.

On the 22nd, after three days at home, she returned the train ticket to Xi'an and the ticket to Chongqing, and dissuaded her friend from Shanghai who had not yet returned to Wuhan, "Don't come back! "

Within three days of opening his eyes at home, bittersvveeter would begin to hover with three sentences:

"This will be the youngest day of the rest of your life. "

I hope this is the worst day of the rest of your life

"What would you do if this was your last day? "

Then I turn on my phone, check for new cases, and see if the pneumonia shows any signs of improvement. Then get up, pick up the phone to the sink, wash your hands, with a paper towel dipped in soapy water wipe the phone. At breakfast time, she and her father sat on the Sofa with a bowl, silently eating breakfast, watching the news channel, watching the scroll bar below the screen.

"every day is like waiting for a trial, but you don't know what you've done to deserve punishment. "

She cried twice because the adults in the family didn't wear masks. "Dad said it's OK, as long as we don't go to crowded places. My Aunt said we can't buy masks or wear them. " So she went to all the pharmacies in Qingshan and only got a small bag. "The bank clerk who bought the two bags sold it to me. "

There was no prediction of the severity of the pneumonia, only the feeling that it had been "terrible" . BITTERSVVEETER for the first time began to fear death, "worry about yourself, worry about your family. Be On your guard against everything. Even though your mind is repeating that you can't do this on the youngest day of your life, what you're thinking about most is whether you and your loved ones will be okay. "

On the morning of the 22nd, Dad, who insisted on not wearing a mask, volunteered to put it on and asked bittersvveeter to write down all his bank card passwords on the drive to his grandmother's house. "I think my memory is getting worse lately, " bittersvveeter quips, though, "you forgot me. You won't forget Your Bank Card Password. ". But she knew in her heart that dad was starting to get scared.

Luo was in Macau, more than 900 kilometers from Wuhan, when the outbreak broke out. Even when you're far away, you can still feel the growing sense of panic.

Because it was a very early scheduled trip, coupled with the epidemic has not yet fermented, before leaving for Macau, Luo Xin and friends are not afraid of the virus.

When we set out, Wuhan was ostensibly peaceful. Access to Tianhe Airport procedures as usual, no temperature, there is no staff monitoring the situation, naked eye estimates that the number of people wearing masks in the airport less than 10% .

Luo Xin began to feel panic. After the plane landed, the flight attendants did not let all the passengers get off in turn as usual. While waiting, she saw four or five heavily armed workers in protective clothing, goggles and masks coming up, ask each passenger to fill out a health fact sheet, check his or her temperature one by one, and remind him or her not to take any photos or videos.

Passengers behind him still joked about it in Wuhan: "It's like we're from a biohazard Zombie zone. "

Luo was in Macau, more than 900 kilometers from Wuhan, when the outbreak broke out. Even when you're far away, you can still feel the growing sense of panic.

Because it was a very early scheduled trip, coupled with the epidemic has not yet fermented, before leaving for Macau, Luo Xin and friends are not afraid of the virus.

When we set out, Wuhan was ostensibly peaceful. Access to Tianhe Airport procedures as usual, no temperature, there is no staff monitoring the situation, naked eye estimates that the number of people wearing masks in the airport less than 10% .

Luo Xin began to feel panic. After the plane landed, the flight attendants did not let all the passengers get off in turn as usual. While waiting, she saw four or five heavily armed workers in protective clothing, goggles and masks coming up, ask each passenger to fill out a health fact sheet, check his or her temperature one by one, and remind him or her not to take any photos or videos.

Passengers behind him still joked about it in Wuhan: "It's like we're from a biohazard Zombie zone. "

Luo Xin arrived in Macau the next day, the excitement of the trip has not had time to surface, was micro-blog, wechat and all kinds of news drowned. The increasing number of infections, the increase in deaths, the state of affairs, overnight all groups, no matter the region, are talking about this pneumonia.

Although still according to the plan in Macau, but not a moment in my heart is not thinking about this thing.

Luo Xin and her friends watched in silence as the number of people infected in Wuhan increased every day, while fellow travelers from other parts of the country worried about the first case in their hometown. As soon as there is a new development, parents and elders will be informed in the family group, always let them pay attention.

Luo Xin arrived in Macau the next day, the excitement of the trip has not had time to surface, was micro-blog, wechat and all kinds of news drowned. The increasing number of infections, the increase in deaths, the state of affairs, overnight all groups, no matter the region, are talking about this pneumonia.

Although still according to the plan in Macau, but not a moment in my heart is not thinking about this thing.

Luo Xin and her friends watched in silence as the number of people infected in Wuhan increased every day, while fellow travelers from other parts of the country worried about the first case in their hometown. As soon as there is a new development, parents and elders will be informed in the family group, always let them pay attention.

On the day of their return trip, Roisin and her friends ran out of surgical masks at nearly every Guardian, watsons and pharmacy in the Venetian neighborhood until less than two hours before their flight, to find the last dozen face masks in a pharmacy.

The Ground Service and Customs in Macao Airport have all put on masks; a passenger in the Waiting Hall coughed a few times, which immediately attracted the attention of the people around him; the number of people wearing masks at Tianhe Airport has also increased significantly. The pneumonia, which originated in Wuhan, is causing widespread concern and is being controlled.

The second day back to Wuhan, the Friends canceled the Spring Festival Party plans and sent greetings: "welcome back to the epidemic area. ". Blow up her face. She's wearing an N95 mask.

From outside the affected area back inside, Luo Xin's real feeling is that the situation is not so optimistic, not so bad. This Spring Festival is destined to be extraordinary for the people of Wuhan.

On the day of their return trip, Roisin and her friends ran out of surgical masks at nearly every Guardian, watsons and pharmacy in the Venetian neighborhood until less than two hours before their flight, to find the last dozen face masks in a pharmacy.

The Ground Service and Customs in Macao Airport have all put on masks; a passenger in the Waiting Hall coughed a few times, which immediately attracted the attention of the people around him; the number of people wearing masks at Tianhe Airport has also increased significantly. The pneumonia, which originated in Wuhan, is causing widespread concern and is being controlled.

The second day back to Wuhan, the Friends canceled the Spring Festival Party plans and sent greetings: "welcome back to the epidemic area. ". Blow up her face. She's wearing an N95 mask.

From outside the affected area back inside, Luo Xin's real feeling is that the situation is not so optimistic, not so bad. This Spring Festival is destined to be extraordinary for the people of Wuhan.

On January 23,2020, the sky in Wuhan was still overcast,
The smog is in the same mood as the city.
Tomorrow is New Year's Eve,
But this year there will be no spring festival, only a battle.
May everyone be well and better be with you all the time.

On January 23,2020, the sky in Wuhan was still overcast,

The smog is in the same mood as the city.
Tomorrow is New Year's Eve,

But this year there will be no spring festival, only a battle.

May everyone be well and better be with you all the time.

Text | better newsroom
Photo | provided by interviewees

New Friends Long press the Qr code below
Add 'better mulberry'
Old Friends can just hook up with better Jun, better sauce

Text | better newsroom

Photo | provided by interviewees

New Friends Long press the Qr code below

Add 'better mulberry'

Old Friends can just hook up with better Jun, better sauce

Better San as a friend

💬
Where are you? Are you okay?

Click on the message at the bottom right corner of the text

-
END

Better San as a friend

💬

Where are you? Are you okay?

Click on the message at the bottom right corner of the text

-
END

Go to "discover"-"take a look" browse "friends watching"

Sent

####Send it to take a look

Sending

A scan of wechat
Pay attention to the account


-------------
title: Wuhan Pneumonia Record | after the closure of the city, but the Spring Festival in Wuhan
source: Better
authors: _
editors: _
proofreader: _
photographer: _
translator: _
via: https://github.com/2019ncovmemory/nCovMemory
link: https://mp.weixin.qq.com/s/MPKRcu1o21Xoi6Z2FIyAxQ
archive: http://archive.ph/aqNu1
snapshot: https://github.com/2019ncovmemory/nCovMemory/blob/master/archive/jpg/640.jpg
lead: Where are you? Are you okay?
cover: data:image/jpeg;base64,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
