##The first day of the city's complete closure

Plantifulsoul

Introduction to behindmylife

2020.1.23

At 5:30 in the morning, the mobile phone notification center a long string of News, many are written "Wuhan 10 o'clock closed city" , thought he did not wake up, see daze, closed city too suddenly, the night before last there was no wind, but like the brain of temporary decision-making. Click on the news found that the whole line really blocked, hurriedly jumped up from the bed, sleepy, continue to brush the mobile phone in no mood.

When, how to solve the emergency travel, medical workers to and from work, ordinary residents of daily life how to buy supplies... countless problems into the brain, to make a cup of coffee to calm the panic.

After 6:00, most of the friends and colleagues who started the Spring Festival holiday have not got up yet. They are sitting alone in their study watching the news. The more they watch, the cooler their hearts get. Their parents are rushing to the hospital on duty, and they are discussing the news about the closure of the city while washing and gargling, and making fun of me for not having to go to work after.

By 7:00, the WECHAT group and the circle of friends had started to move one after another. Everyone forwarded the official announcement and discussed the severity of the epidemic. I talked to several well-connected colleagues about the situation in Wuhan. They all said that they did not expect it to be so serious. It broke out in time for the Spring Festival, told me to take care of myself. They were nervous, too, with confirmed cases popping up in their provinces, but it was easier than being in the middle of a storm.

Opening the box, Ma Xiansheng intended to make an appointment for seafood. There are fish every year. Seafood can not be bought too early. It will not be fresh until the new year's 30th. He also picked up a few items of southern seasonal Artemisia Sphaerocephala sprouts. When he paid for them, he chose the delivery time and found that all of them were fully booked today, as soon as tomorrow noon, I quickly check the nearest time slot, confirm the order.

Then opened Wechat, several groups appeared in the early morning in Wuhan Supermarket Robbery News, there are pictures of vegetable prices, there are also empty shelves of small video, I began to worry, in case of a 10-day half-month blockade, the market supermarket closed, where to buy food? Also opened the box of Ma Xiansheng, all the goods were out of stock, and added to the shopping cart all prompts that there was no stock; on Weibo, key words such as "closing the city in Wuhan" and "snatching goods from the supermarket" were entered, and it was thrilling to see that the first wave of material snatching had already ended, old Women and old men were dragging carts to buy food and grain. The small shops closed before ten o'clock.

Worried that the order for the box horse might not be delivered successfully, I heard the sound of the rolling wheel of the trailer. After thinking it over and thinking it over, I decided to go out and buy some vegetables in person, carrying an empty schoolbag, wearing a mask, and carrying disposable disinfectant in my pocket. I felt very complicated and went downstairs, quite knowing that there was a tiger in the mountain, to the side of the tiger.

The Sky is gloomy, dark clouds are piled thick in the head, several days forecast rain, road traffic is few, can not see the bus, pedestrians are few, there is no new year festival, quiet abnormal.

All the restaurants downstairs were closed, with "closed" printed on the glass, which looked like a hastily printed note, except that the door would not open and that it was not marked "closed" .

A few feet away was a gas station, full of cars waiting to fill up, a long line that stretched half way down the road, and two traffic police officers standing on the side of the road directing incoming traffic in an orderly line.

The huge LED screens of home city, dark and empty of commercials, were about to fail. Go ahead, several restaurants also closed ahead of schedule, there is no dinner reservations 888 / table banner propaganda, the door of the car parking is few, golden revolving door and reunion dinner business, suddenly stop, quietly.

The North Wind blew a little cold, to buy a Cappuccino, I took out my phone, open starbucks coffee fast, three starbucks in the vicinity all closed, the star sent off line, convenience store also out of hot soy milk, forget it, decided to make a quick decision, buy food and go home.

The nearest supermarket to my home had no food at all, it was ready to close, the shelves had already been snapped up, and there were only a few boxes of potatoes and onions left, which looked like a selection of crooked melons and cracked dates, and there were no fresh vegetables in the store where Ma Xiansheng worked, so it was barely possible to buy some convenient food, i asked the clerk when can stock, brother with a mask, to the online order packing, "I do not know, we did not inform, certainly not today. ".

I decided to try my luck in a supermarket far away. Ole is a medium-and high-grade imported supermarket in Wuhan. The price is on the high side. Well, the map says it's a half-hour walk, so let's go. There's always plenty of clay on the project.

The roads are sparsely populated, the shops are closed, and there is a whiff of the beginning of the apocalypse. The morning just notice must wear a mask, still encounter seven do not wear a mask (I count) , face-to-face wide open mouth and nose people, all middle-aged men, face light wind, hair see light life and death of the masculine domineering. Seeing these unafraid of contagion, I made a detour and threw a look of indignity, though I doubt they would care much for the look of a passerby.

When I got to the shopping mall, from a distance, the shopping mall seemed to have no lights on. I was very disappointed. I was hesitating to cross the street. I saw two people coming out of the shopping mall, carrying the shopping bags of the supermarket, and I was in a hurry. My heart sank and I jumped out excitedly. It was still open, this trip wasn't a bust.

He sprinted across the street, almost sprinting into the B 1, the only store in the building was the supermarket with its doors open, the security guard with a heat detector scanned the heads of people entering the store, and I could see a line in the checkout area a few meters away, each cash register row of more than 10 meters, each person's cart filled to the brim, suddenly there is a kind of "this is like the New Year shopping" feeling.

I couldn't find the cart, I took two plastic baskets, the supermarket which usually takes the high-end route became a big supermarket, the vegetables and fruits were piled in the foam box, they were taken away before they could be laid out in time, when I saw all kinds of vegetables and fruits, I directly chose the difficulty, do Not know what to buy the right food, as if what have to buy, what is not enough, and finally reduced to follow the crowd mechanical shopping. The bread in the baking area is still steaming, so you don't have to ask the waiter to cut it, just put it in a bag and label it and run to the next fresh area.

Looking around at the snatchers, more than 100 imported fruits were loaded into carts without hesitation, cheese and cheese that had never tasted before was taken away after looking at the date, and the boy with the pickled vegetables did not have time to cut up pieces, braised chicken, braised pork belly and pig's ear, which require delicate slices, are labeled and packed straight into boxes. Today everything is simple, piled roughly on the table, and the sauce is omitted.

I couldn't find anyone at the fish stand, so I yelled a lot, and finally an employee came and weighed me, is this all the fish, do you have anything fresher, I looked at the fish on the ice table, and I couldn't do it, it didn't look good, no, no, that's it, you want to buy, buy, buy, you help me weigh these two fish, carrying two bags of fish, feeling much more secure, southern New Year's Day without fish, filled with the satisfaction of fulfilling a prescribed task.

The waiter in the red meat section was cleaning and shouting "No more! WE'RE OUT! WE'RE OUT OF MEAT! " Pass by a big sister heard this call, smiling to show the hand of the colleagues ribs, "you see, I bought the last bit of ribs. ". When we heard that fresh meat was out of stock, we immediately turned to the freezer and chose the frozen meatloaf steak, Australian and beef, American steak... We usually have to choose a half day, compare prices, choose the most affordable buy, now directly choose large packaging, steak must be a thick bag, and the MEATLOAF has to come in a big package.

The freezer of the frozen food was mostly empty. I quickly bought a few boxes of dumplings and made sure I didn't get the sweet ones. I wanted to buy a few more boxes of dumplings of different flavors. The baskets were so heavy that I could hardly lift them. I voluntarily gave up, turn to the convenience food rack.

I don't see so many people crowded into the noodle section on weekdays. Most of them like to hang out in the snack section. Today, on the other hand, few people choose snacks seriously. Faced with rows and rows of instant noodles, I struggled to decide which flavor to buy, and ended up buying several boxes of Sauerkraut, which is more common (and I admit to seeing everyone buying Sauerkraut) . I couldn't carry it, so I shuffled over to the checkout area.

The checkout line around a few times, to see the fighting ability of other people, I sigh, everyone pushing the cart, only I hold the basket, momentum suddenly weakened a large, creating a sad illusion that I am a lonely New Year.

A supermarket employee pulled a trolley to carry the fresh vegetables from the warehouse. "The latest vegetables, all kinds of green leafy vegetables, will not increase in price. " This sentence, like a bomb, instantly ignited the enthusiasm of the people in the checkout line, everyone began to excitedly choose vegetables again, as if facing a bag of real gold and silver. Instead of looking at the picture, they just started. Many people just squatted down beside the cart and took it. Once they started, it was three or four bags. I also chose some chrysanthemum and spinach, squeeze into the overflowing basket.

"Hello, can you help me look at the cart, AH, I go to get some food" , in front of the little brother has been on the phone, missed the looting tide, heart unwilling, decided to go around, I nodded and said yes, help him hold the cart, slowly move forward. The boy came back soon, with two boxes of ASPARAGUS and a bag of cabbages in his hands. Perhaps he was worried that I was not reliable. He bent his head to carefully count the contents of the car. I stretched my head and tried to copy my homework to see what he had bought: Two cartons of milk and two large cartons of eggs, a whole box of yogurt... just too big for me to carry.

Feeling their strength is not pass, the team in front of a big sister and back, let me and little brother to help her look at the cart, said to think of some things did not buy. Everybody is strangely harmonious, did not cut in line to scramble for, very easy to talk, autonomously make way for a passage, convenient staff restock. She told us not to drop the egg. She disappeared for nearly ten minutes. I thought she didn't want to wait in line and just walked away. I didn't think she would come back with three rows of yogurt in her arms, there is a whole chicken, "go, go, just on the shelves, many people are taking, this chicken soup, " she arms the box of ice-cold chicken flashing attractive light, several women in line can not resist, ran to the fresh chicken section.

With nothing to do, I followed the line. Behind me was a middle-aged couple, a man and a woman, they didn't work hard, they took turns to wait in line to buy something. The husband went out for a walk, took a few boxes of eggs in his hand, and then he took a walk, and then he took another box of milk in his hand, the wife kept waving her hand, "I bought these, why do you still buy them? " , "it's not too much, we can put them in, we eat green leafy vegetables first these few days, and then we can put them in later. " Listen to their dialogue. After buying food, the couple will not go out and stay at home for the New Year, do not walk relatives do not shop, know this situation, I look at their three car reserves, Harbin Red Sausage have bought more than a dozen, suddenly feel normal, after all, people seven or eight days of food rations.

The big sister who bought the chicken turned out to be a medical worker. She was bored and chatted with the young couple in front of her, "I just finished my night shift yesterday, and in the morning I was told to continue my shift. I didn't have time to buy any food. I just had a quarrel with the department at noon. I drove out to buy something at once, and then nothing was left after that. " The couple even nodded, "Yes, some of my classmates are in the Department of Orthopaedics at the Union Medical College Hospital. Pneumonia has nothing to do with them. They are all required to work overtime these days. " The elder sister said that when she was working at the hospital, both sides of the line moved out a few steps subtly. Several girls secretly looked at the elder sister, look left, look right.

When I checked out, the supermarket was closed, only new customers were allowed out and not allowed in. Several people stood at the door, begging the security guard to let them in, making sure they wouldn't be late. The security guard waved his hand to stop the woman trying to squeeze in, "A bit of the Mall Lock the door, you look at this line, a bit where to finish, go home. ".

I was a little pleased with myself. Fortunately, I came early, and half an hour later I couldn't get in. Looking around, many people heard the security guard saying, "close the door right now, don't open tomorrow, don't know what time it will be open. " They plunged into the shelves and began a new wave of looting, half-closed supermarkets and customers coming and going, let me have a bit more eschatological trance, but can not move, or I would like to buy another wave of fruit do not know enough to eat, I love to eat fruit.

Three bags of fresh, schoolbag is also full, this purchase is over, Ole price is not cheap, although not the network pass the price of cabbage so exaggerated, but brush code or some meat pain, several hundred dollars a sweep did not feel bought vegetables.

Carrying a bag to move out, the floor has begun to clear, security urged me to go out, lock the door immediately, I looked back at the supermarket, "It is early, there are so many people, locked can not get out, " "I am not going to rush people. ". Okay, am I the lucky one or what? I walk out the front door, and there's no taxi service, and Didi is in line for 80-something, and I'm not gonNA take the bus for two hours, so I'm just gonNA walk home.

Come easy, go back a few heavy bags, said not tired is false, I walk a section of the road to stop, change hands, listen to the podcast all the way, in fact, not too long, looking at the road, a few drops of rain on the glasses, also can not wipe. This city is famous for its fireworks, everything has to be lively, suddenly so quiet and silent, a bit uncomfortable, very want to roar a few, give oneself and the whole city courage.

The gas station's motorcade is still so long, and there is another traffic policeman. He sees the big bag and small bag in my hand, and turns to ask his colleague, "have you bought any vegetables? I heard that they are all gone. " I pretend not to hear, and walk forward with a blank expression (the corner of my mouth is a little raised) .

In the neighborhood, I met a big sister who was wearing pajamas and walking her dog. She asked me a few meters away where I bought the things. She had just driven around with her husband, and they were all out of vegetables. I was actually reluctant to talk with a mask on, because the glasses immediately fogged up, in front of me was a vast expanse of whiteness. "The supermarket across Han Street was closed at 1:00. " "Well, never mind, let's go tomorrow. " I was ashamed to tell my eldest sister that it will not be open tomorrow, we are holding today to buy enough supplies for seven days no longer go out of the mood, the supermarket has become a battlefield, quick today, tomorrow collective asylum.

Besides, who knows what will happen tomorrow, the day after tomorrow, or next week? The news is not transparent and is not timely. It all depends on a Jigsaw puzzle-like inference. The more such a sudden announcement is thrown around, the more likely it is to cause panic among the public. We will see all over the sky "refueling in Wuhan" and "hard work of the angels in White" , i just feel numb and indifferent, who is responsible for this step, now is to thank XX, shout slogans when, in addition to the empty blessing, play chicken blood-like refueling, I would like to see the implementation of measures, cross-examine the truth of the report.

In fact, my parents are both medical workers, in and out of the hospital every day, I am also afraid, afraid of their own transmission, afraid of their transmission in the hospital, selfish hope they do not go to work, stay at home with me, quietly until the alarm is lifted. But I also know that's not going to happen, because hospitals are full, full of people with fevers waiting to be diagnosed and treated, and they need to be on the front lines to prevent further spread.

My classmate's mother, also a medical worker, was more Fear Is the Key than I was in the group. I was angry when I complained, but I calmed down. My angry words fell to my lips, and my colleague in Xi'an asked me if I wasn't afraid of infection. I shouldn't have gone back to Wuhan. I'm afraid, but I've already returned to Wuhan, and I can't come out for a short time. Instead of worrying blindly, I should improve my immunity, disinfect frequently and have more rest. I can not fall down, my family and friends can not fall down, and I am safe and sound, that's my new year's resolution for this year.

The first step home, change clothes and wash your hands, sanitize your phone keys, look down at three bags of loot, breathe a sigh of relief, sit on the couch and watch the latest news pop up on your phone, still no good news. Realizing that tomorrow was the New Year's Eve, I stood up and had to start planning what to cook. The more times it happened, the more I had to tell myself to eat well, to be steady, and to take care.

2020.1.23

At 5:30 in the morning, the mobile phone notification center a long string of News, many are written "Wuhan 10 o'clock closed city" , thought he did not wake up, see daze, closed city too suddenly, the night before last there was no wind, but like the brain of temporary decision-making. Click on the news found that the whole line really blocked, hurriedly jumped up from the bed, sleepy, continue to brush the mobile phone in no mood.

When, how to solve the emergency travel, medical workers to and from work, ordinary residents of daily life how to buy supplies... countless problems into the brain, to make a cup of coffee to calm the panic.

After 6:00, most of the friends and colleagues who started the Spring Festival holiday have not got up yet. They are sitting alone in their study watching the news. The more they watch, the cooler their hearts get. Their parents are rushing to the hospital on duty, and they are discussing the news about the closure of the city while washing and gargling, and making fun of me for not having to go to work after.

By 7:00, the WECHAT group and the circle of friends had started to move one after another. Everyone forwarded the official announcement and discussed the severity of the epidemic. I talked to several well-connected colleagues about the situation in Wuhan. They all said that they did not expect it to be so serious. It broke out in time for the Spring Festival, told me to take care of myself. They were nervous, too, with confirmed cases popping up in their provinces, but it was easier than being in the middle of a storm.

Opening the box, Ma Xiansheng intended to make an appointment for seafood. There are fish every year. Seafood can not be bought too early. It will not be fresh until the new year's 30th. He also picked up a few items of southern seasonal Artemisia Sphaerocephala sprouts. When he paid for them, he chose the delivery time and found that all of them were fully booked today, as soon as tomorrow noon, I quickly check the nearest time slot, confirm the order.

Then opened Wechat, several groups appeared in the early morning in Wuhan Supermarket Robbery News, there are pictures of vegetable prices, there are also empty shelves of small video, I began to worry, in case of a 10-day half-month blockade, the market supermarket closed, where to buy food? Also opened the box of Ma Xiansheng, all the goods were out of stock, and added to the shopping cart all prompts that there was no stock; on Weibo, key words such as "closing the city in Wuhan" and "snatching goods from the supermarket" were entered, and it was thrilling to see that the first wave of material snatching had already ended, old Women and old men were dragging carts to buy food and grain. The small shops closed before ten o'clock.

Worried that the order for the box horse might not be delivered successfully, I heard the sound of the rolling wheel of the trailer. After thinking it over and thinking it over, I decided to go out and buy some vegetables in person, carrying an empty schoolbag, wearing a mask, and carrying disposable disinfectant in my pocket. I felt very complicated and went downstairs, quite knowing that there was a tiger in the mountain, to the side of the tiger.

The Sky is gloomy, dark clouds are piled thick in the head, several days forecast rain, road traffic is few, can not see the bus, pedestrians are few, there is no new year festival, quiet abnormal.

All the restaurants downstairs were closed, with "closed" printed on the glass, which looked like a hastily printed note, except that the door would not open and that it was not marked "closed" .

A few feet away was a gas station, full of cars waiting to fill up, a long line that stretched half way down the road, and two traffic police officers standing on the side of the road directing incoming traffic in an orderly line.

The huge LED screens of home city, dark and empty of commercials, were about to fail. Go ahead, several restaurants also closed ahead of schedule, there is no dinner reservations 888 / table banner propaganda, the door of the car parking is few, golden revolving door and reunion dinner business, suddenly stop, quietly.

The North Wind blew a little cold, to buy a Cappuccino, I took out my phone, open starbucks coffee fast, three starbucks in the vicinity all closed, the star sent off line, convenience store also out of hot soy milk, forget it, decided to make a quick decision, buy food and go home.

The nearest supermarket to my home had no food at all, it was ready to close, the shelves had already been snapped up, and there were only a few boxes of potatoes and onions left, which looked like a selection of crooked melons and cracked dates, and there were no fresh vegetables in the store where Ma Xiansheng worked, so it was barely possible to buy some convenient food, i asked the clerk when can stock, brother with a mask, to the online order packing, "I do not know, we did not inform, certainly not today. ".

I decided to try my luck in a supermarket far away. Ole is a medium-and high-grade imported supermarket in Wuhan. The price is on the high side. Well, the map says it's a half-hour walk, so let's go. There's always plenty of clay on the project.

The roads are sparsely populated, the shops are closed, and there is a whiff of the beginning of the apocalypse. The morning just notice must wear a mask, still encounter seven do not wear a mask (I count) , face-to-face wide open mouth and nose people, all middle-aged men, face light wind, hair see light life and death of the masculine domineering. Seeing these unafraid of contagion, I made a detour and threw a look of indignity, though I doubt they would care much for the look of a passerby.

When I got to the shopping mall, from a distance, the shopping mall seemed to have no lights on. I was very disappointed. I was hesitating to cross the street. I saw two people coming out of the shopping mall, carrying the shopping bags of the supermarket, and I was in a hurry. My heart sank and I jumped out excitedly. It was still open, this trip wasn't a bust.

He sprinted across the street, almost sprinting into the B 1, the only store in the building was the supermarket with its doors open, the security guard with a heat detector scanned the heads of people entering the store, and I could see a line in the checkout area a few meters away, each cash register row of more than 10 meters, each person's cart filled to the brim, suddenly there is a kind of "this is like the New Year shopping" feeling.

I couldn't find the cart, I took two plastic baskets, the supermarket which usually takes the high-end route became a big supermarket, the vegetables and fruits were piled in the foam box, they were taken away before they could be laid out in time, when I saw all kinds of vegetables and fruits, I directly chose the difficulty, do Not know what to buy the right food, as if what have to buy, what is not enough, and finally reduced to follow the crowd mechanical shopping. The bread in the baking area is still steaming, so you don't have to ask the waiter to cut it, just put it in a bag and label it and run to the next fresh area.

Looking around at the snatchers, more than 100 imported fruits were loaded into carts without hesitation, cheese and cheese that had never tasted before was taken away after looking at the date, and the boy with the pickled vegetables did not have time to cut up pieces, braised chicken, braised pork belly and pig's ear, which require delicate slices, are labeled and packed straight into boxes. Today everything is simple, piled roughly on the table, and the sauce is omitted.

I couldn't find anyone at the fish stand, so I yelled a lot, and finally an employee came and weighed me, is this all the fish, do you have anything fresher, I looked at the fish on the ice table, and I couldn't do it, it didn't look good, no, no, that's it, you want to buy, buy, buy, you help me weigh these two fish, carrying two bags of fish, feeling much more secure, southern New Year's Day without fish, filled with the satisfaction of fulfilling a prescribed task.

The waiter in the red meat section was cleaning and shouting "No more! WE'RE OUT! WE'RE OUT OF MEAT! " Pass by a big sister heard this call, smiling to show the hand of the colleagues ribs, "you see, I bought the last bit of ribs. ". When we heard that fresh meat was out of stock, we immediately turned to the freezer and chose the frozen meatloaf steak, Australian and beef, American steak... We usually have to choose a half day, compare prices, choose the most affordable buy, now directly choose large packaging, steak must be a thick bag, and the MEATLOAF has to come in a big package.

The freezer of the frozen food was mostly empty. I quickly bought a few boxes of dumplings and made sure I didn't get the sweet ones. I wanted to buy a few more boxes of dumplings of different flavors. The baskets were so heavy that I could hardly lift them. I voluntarily gave up, turn to the convenience food rack.

I don't see so many people crowded into the noodle section on weekdays. Most of them like to hang out in the snack section. Today, on the other hand, few people choose snacks seriously. Faced with rows and rows of instant noodles, I struggled to decide which flavor to buy, and ended up buying several boxes of Sauerkraut, which is more common (and I admit to seeing everyone buying Sauerkraut) . I couldn't carry it, so I shuffled over to the checkout area.

The checkout line around a few times, to see the fighting ability of other people, I sigh, everyone pushing the cart, only I hold the basket, momentum suddenly weakened a large, creating a sad illusion that I am a lonely New Year.

A supermarket employee pulled a trolley to carry the fresh vegetables from the warehouse. "The latest vegetables, all kinds of green leafy vegetables, will not increase in price. " This sentence, like a bomb, instantly ignited the enthusiasm of the people in the checkout line, everyone began to excitedly choose vegetables again, as if facing a bag of real gold and silver. Instead of looking at the picture, they just started. Many people just squatted down beside the cart and took it. Once they started, it was three or four bags. I also chose some chrysanthemum and spinach, squeeze into the overflowing basket.

"Hello, can you help me look at the cart, AH, I go to get some food" , in front of the little brother has been on the phone, missed the looting tide, heart unwilling, decided to go around, I nodded and said yes, help him hold the cart, slowly move forward. The boy came back soon, with two boxes of ASPARAGUS and a bag of cabbages in his hands. Perhaps he was worried that I was not reliable. He bent his head to carefully count the contents of the car. I stretched my head and tried to copy my homework to see what he had bought: Two cartons of milk and two large cartons of eggs, a whole box of yogurt... just too big for me to carry.

Feeling their strength is not pass, the team in front of a big sister and back, let me and little brother to help her look at the cart, said to think of some things did not buy. Everybody is strangely harmonious, did not cut in line to scramble for, very easy to talk, autonomously make way for a passage, convenient staff restock. She told us not to drop the egg. She disappeared for nearly ten minutes. I thought she didn't want to wait in line and just walked away. I didn't think she would come back with three rows of yogurt in her arms, there is a whole chicken, "go, go, just on the shelves, many people are taking, this chicken soup, " she arms the box of ice-cold chicken flashing attractive light, several women in line can not resist, ran to the fresh chicken section.

With nothing to do, I followed the line. Behind me was a middle-aged couple, a man and a woman, they didn't work hard, they took turns to wait in line to buy something. The husband went out for a walk, took a few boxes of eggs in his hand, and then he took a walk, and then he took another box of milk in his hand, the wife kept waving her hand, "I bought these, why do you still buy them? " , "it's not too much, we can put them in, we eat green leafy vegetables first these few days, and then we can put them in later. " Listen to their dialogue. After buying food, the couple will not go out and stay at home for the New Year, do not walk relatives do not shop, know this situation, I look at their three car reserves, Harbin Red Sausage have bought more than a dozen, suddenly feel normal, after all, people seven or eight days of food rations.

The big sister who bought the chicken turned out to be a medical worker. She was bored and chatted with the young couple in front of her, "I just finished my night shift yesterday, and in the morning I was told to continue my shift. I didn't have time to buy any food. I just had a quarrel with the department at noon. I drove out to buy something at once, and then nothing was left after that. " The couple even nodded, "Yes, some of my classmates are in the Department of Orthopaedics at the Union Medical College Hospital. Pneumonia has nothing to do with them. They are all required to work overtime these days. " The elder sister said that when she was working at the hospital, both sides of the line moved out a few steps subtly. Several girls secretly looked at the elder sister, look left, look right.

When I checked out, the supermarket was closed, only new customers were allowed out and not allowed in. Several people stood at the door, begging the security guard to let them in, making sure they wouldn't be late. The security guard waved his hand to stop the woman trying to squeeze in, "A bit of the Mall Lock the door, you look at this line, a bit where to finish, go home. ".

I was a little pleased with myself. Fortunately, I came early, and half an hour later I couldn't get in. Looking around, many people heard the security guard saying, "close the door right now, don't open tomorrow, don't know what time it will be open. " They plunged into the shelves and began a new wave of looting, half-closed supermarkets and customers coming and going, let me have a bit more eschatological trance, but can not move, or I would like to buy another wave of fruit do not know enough to eat, I love to eat fruit.

Three bags of fresh, schoolbag is also full, this purchase is over, Ole price is not cheap, although not the network pass the price of cabbage so exaggerated, but brush code or some meat pain, several hundred dollars a sweep did not feel bought vegetables.

Carrying a bag to move out, the floor has begun to clear, security urged me to go out, lock the door immediately, I looked back at the supermarket, "It is early, there are so many people, locked can not get out, " "I am not going to rush people. ". Okay, am I the lucky one or what? I walk out the front door, and there's no taxi service, and Didi is in line for 80-something, and I'm not gonNA take the bus for two hours, so I'm just gonNA walk home.

Come easy, go back a few heavy bags, said not tired is false, I walk a section of the road to stop, change hands, listen to the podcast all the way, in fact, not too long, looking at the road, a few drops of rain on the glasses, also can not wipe. This city is famous for its fireworks, everything has to be lively, suddenly so quiet and silent, a bit uncomfortable, very want to roar a few, give oneself and the whole city courage.

The gas station's motorcade is still so long, and there is another traffic policeman. He sees the big bag and small bag in my hand, and turns to ask his colleague, "have you bought any vegetables? I heard that they are all gone. " I pretend not to hear, and walk forward with a blank expression (the corner of my mouth is a little raised) .

In the neighborhood, I met a big sister who was wearing pajamas and walking her dog. She asked me a few meters away where I bought the things. She had just driven around with her husband, and they were all out of vegetables. I was actually reluctant to talk with a mask on, because the glasses immediately fogged up, in front of me was a vast expanse of whiteness. "The supermarket across Han Street was closed at 1:00. " "Well, never mind, let's go tomorrow. " I was ashamed to tell my eldest sister that it will not be open tomorrow, we are holding today to buy enough supplies for seven days no longer go out of the mood, the supermarket has become a battlefield, quick today, tomorrow collective asylum.

Besides, who knows what will happen tomorrow, the day after tomorrow, or next week? The news is not transparent and is not timely. It all depends on a Jigsaw puzzle-like inference. The more such a sudden announcement is thrown around, the more likely it is to cause panic among the public. We will see all over the sky "refueling in Wuhan" and "hard work of the angels in White" , i just feel numb and indifferent, who is responsible for this step, now is to thank XX, shout slogans when, in addition to the empty blessing, play chicken blood-like refueling, I would like to see the implementation of measures, cross-examine the truth of the report.

In fact, my parents are both medical workers, in and out of the hospital every day, I am also afraid, afraid of their own transmission, afraid of their transmission in the hospital, selfish hope they do not go to work, stay at home with me, quietly until the alarm is lifted. But I also know that's not going to happen, because hospitals are full, full of people with fevers waiting to be diagnosed and treated, and they need to be on the front lines to prevent further spread.

My classmate's mother, also a medical worker, was more Fear Is the Key than I was in the group. I was angry when I complained, but I calmed down. My angry words fell to my lips, and my colleague in Xi'an asked me if I wasn't afraid of infection. I shouldn't have gone back to Wuhan. I'm afraid, but I've already returned to Wuhan, and I can't come out for a short time. Instead of worrying blindly, I should improve my immunity, disinfect frequently and have more rest. I can not fall down, my family and friends can not fall down, and I am safe and sound, that's my new year's resolution for this year.

The first step home, change clothes and wash your hands, sanitize your phone keys, look down at three bags of loot, breathe a sigh of relief, sit on the couch and watch the latest news pop up on your phone, still no good news. Realizing that tomorrow was the New Year's Eve, I stood up and had to start planning what to cook. The more times it happened, the more I had to tell myself to eat well, to be steady, and to take care.

At 5:30 in the morning, the mobile phone notification center a long string of News, many are written "Wuhan 10 o'clock closed city" , thought he did not wake up, see daze, closed city too suddenly, the night before last there was no wind, but like the brain of temporary decision-making. Click on the news found that the whole line really blocked, hurriedly jumped up from the bed, sleepy, continue to brush the mobile phone in no mood.

When, how to solve the emergency travel, medical workers to and from work, ordinary residents of daily life how to buy supplies... countless problems into the brain, to make a cup of coffee to calm the panic.

After 6:00, most of the friends and colleagues who started the Spring Festival holiday have not got up yet. They are sitting alone in their study watching the news. The more they watch, the cooler their hearts get. Their parents are rushing to the hospital on duty, and they are discussing the news about the closure of the city while washing and gargling, and making fun of me for not having to go to work after.

By 7:00, the WECHAT group and the circle of friends had started to move one after another. Everyone forwarded the official announcement and discussed the severity of the epidemic. I talked to several well-connected colleagues about the situation in Wuhan. They all said that they did not expect it to be so serious. It broke out in time for the Spring Festival, told me to take care of myself. They were nervous, too, with confirmed cases popping up in their provinces, but it was easier than being in the middle of a storm.

Opening the box, Ma Xiansheng intended to make an appointment for seafood. There are fish every year. Seafood can not be bought too early. It will not be fresh until the new year's 30th. He also picked up a few items of southern seasonal Artemisia Sphaerocephala sprouts. When he paid for them, he chose the delivery time and found that all of them were fully booked today, as soon as tomorrow noon, I quickly check the nearest time slot, confirm the order.

Then opened Wechat, several groups appeared in the early morning in Wuhan Supermarket Robbery News, there are pictures of vegetable prices, there are also empty shelves of small video, I began to worry, in case of a 10-day half-month blockade, the market supermarket closed, where to buy food? Also opened the box of Ma Xiansheng, all the goods were out of stock, and added to the shopping cart all prompts that there was no stock; on Weibo, key words such as "closing the city in Wuhan" and "snatching goods from the supermarket" were entered, and it was thrilling to see that the first wave of material snatching had already ended, old Women and old men were dragging carts to buy food and grain. The small shops closed before ten o'clock.

Worried that the order for the box horse might not be delivered successfully, I heard the sound of the rolling wheel of the trailer. After thinking it over and thinking it over, I decided to go out and buy some vegetables in person, carrying an empty schoolbag, wearing a mask, and carrying disposable disinfectant in my pocket. I felt very complicated and went downstairs, quite knowing that there was a tiger in the mountain, to the side of the tiger.

The Sky is gloomy, dark clouds are piled thick in the head, several days forecast rain, road traffic is few, can not see the bus, pedestrians are few, there is no new year festival, quiet abnormal.

All the restaurants downstairs were closed, with "closed" printed on the glass, which looked like a hastily printed note, except that the door would not open and that it was not marked "closed" .

A few feet away was a gas station, full of cars waiting to fill up, a long line that stretched half way down the road, and two traffic police officers standing on the side of the road directing incoming traffic in an orderly line.

The huge LED screens of home city, dark and empty of commercials, were about to fail. Go ahead, several restaurants also closed ahead of schedule, there is no dinner reservations 888 / table banner propaganda, the door of the car parking is few, golden revolving door and reunion dinner business, suddenly stop, quietly.

The North Wind blew a little cold, to buy a Cappuccino, I took out my phone, open starbucks coffee fast, three starbucks in the vicinity all closed, the star sent off line, convenience store also out of hot soy milk, forget it, decided to make a quick decision, buy food and go home.

The nearest supermarket to my home had no food at all, it was ready to close, the shelves had already been snapped up, and there were only a few boxes of potatoes and onions left, which looked like a selection of crooked melons and cracked dates, and there were no fresh vegetables in the store where Ma Xiansheng worked, so it was barely possible to buy some convenient food, i asked the clerk when can stock, brother with a mask, to the online order packing, "I do not know, we did not inform, certainly not today. ".

I decided to try my luck in a supermarket far away. Ole is a medium-and high-grade imported supermarket in Wuhan. The price is on the high side. Well, the map says it's a half-hour walk, so let's go. There's always plenty of clay on the project.

The roads are sparsely populated, the shops are closed, and there is a whiff of the beginning of the apocalypse. The morning just notice must wear a mask, still encounter seven do not wear a mask (I count) , face-to-face wide open mouth and nose people, all middle-aged men, face light wind, hair see light life and death of the masculine domineering. Seeing these unafraid of contagion, I made a detour and threw a look of indignity, though I doubt they would care much for the look of a passerby.

When I got to the shopping mall, from a distance, the shopping mall seemed to have no lights on. I was very disappointed. I was hesitating to cross the street. I saw two people coming out of the shopping mall, carrying the shopping bags of the supermarket, and I was in a hurry. My heart sank and I jumped out excitedly. It was still open, this trip wasn't a bust.

He sprinted across the street, almost sprinting into the B 1, the only store in the building was the supermarket with its doors open, the security guard with a heat detector scanned the heads of people entering the store, and I could see a line in the checkout area a few meters away, each cash register row of more than 10 meters, each person's cart filled to the brim, suddenly there is a kind of "this is like the New Year shopping" feeling.

I couldn't find the cart, I took two plastic baskets, the supermarket which usually takes the high-end route became a big supermarket, the vegetables and fruits were piled in the foam box, they were taken away before they could be laid out in time, when I saw all kinds of vegetables and fruits, I directly chose the difficulty, do Not know what to buy the right food, as if what have to buy, what is not enough, and finally reduced to follow the crowd mechanical shopping. The bread in the baking area is still steaming, so you don't have to ask the waiter to cut it, just put it in a bag and label it and run to the next fresh area.

Looking around at the snatchers, more than 100 imported fruits were loaded into carts without hesitation, cheese and cheese that had never tasted before was taken away after looking at the date, and the boy with the pickled vegetables did not have time to cut up pieces, braised chicken, braised pork belly and pig's ear, which require delicate slices, are labeled and packed straight into boxes. Today everything is simple, piled roughly on the table, and the sauce is omitted.

I couldn't find anyone at the fish stand, so I yelled a lot, and finally an employee came and weighed me, is this all the fish, do you have anything fresher, I looked at the fish on the ice table, and I couldn't do it, it didn't look good, no, no, that's it, you want to buy, buy, buy, you help me weigh these two fish, carrying two bags of fish, feeling much more secure, southern New Year's Day without fish, filled with the satisfaction of fulfilling a prescribed task.

The waiter in the red meat section was cleaning and shouting "No more! WE'RE OUT! WE'RE OUT OF MEAT! " Pass by a big sister heard this call, smiling to show the hand of the colleagues ribs, "you see, I bought the last bit of ribs. ". When we heard that fresh meat was out of stock, we immediately turned to the freezer and chose the frozen meatloaf steak, Australian and beef, American steak... We usually have to choose a half day, compare prices, choose the most affordable buy, now directly choose large packaging, steak must be a thick bag, and the MEATLOAF has to come in a big package.

The freezer of the frozen food was mostly empty. I quickly bought a few boxes of dumplings and made sure I didn't get the sweet ones. I wanted to buy a few more boxes of dumplings of different flavors. The baskets were so heavy that I could hardly lift them. I voluntarily gave up, turn to the convenience food rack.

I don't see so many people crowded into the noodle section on weekdays. Most of them like to hang out in the snack section. Today, on the other hand, few people choose snacks seriously. Faced with rows and rows of instant noodles, I struggled to decide which flavor to buy, and ended up buying several boxes of Sauerkraut, which is more common (and I admit to seeing everyone buying Sauerkraut) . I couldn't carry it, so I shuffled over to the checkout area.

The checkout line around a few times, to see the fighting ability of other people, I sigh, everyone pushing the cart, only I hold the basket, momentum suddenly weakened a large, creating a sad illusion that I am a lonely New Year.

A supermarket employee pulled a trolley to carry the fresh vegetables from the warehouse. "The latest vegetables, all kinds of green leafy vegetables, will not increase in price. " This sentence, like a bomb, instantly ignited the enthusiasm of the people in the checkout line, everyone began to excitedly choose vegetables again, as if facing a bag of real gold and silver. Instead of looking at the picture, they just started. Many people just squatted down beside the cart and took it. Once they started, it was three or four bags. I also chose some chrysanthemum and spinach, squeeze into the overflowing basket.

"Hello, can you help me look at the cart, AH, I go to get some food" , in front of the little brother has been on the phone, missed the looting tide, heart unwilling, decided to go around, I nodded and said yes, help him hold the cart, slowly move forward. The boy came back soon, with two boxes of ASPARAGUS and a bag of cabbages in his hands. Perhaps he was worried that I was not reliable. He bent his head to carefully count the contents of the car. I stretched my head and tried to copy my homework to see what he had bought: Two cartons of milk and two large cartons of eggs, a whole box of yogurt... just too big for me to carry.

Feeling their strength is not pass, the team in front of a big sister and back, let me and little brother to help her look at the cart, said to think of some things did not buy. Everybody is strangely harmonious, did not cut in line to scramble for, very easy to talk, autonomously make way for a passage, convenient staff restock. She told us not to drop the egg. She disappeared for nearly ten minutes. I thought she didn't want to wait in line and just walked away. I didn't think she would come back with three rows of yogurt in her arms, there is a whole chicken, "go, go, just on the shelves, many people are taking, this chicken soup, " she arms the box of ice-cold chicken flashing attractive light, several women in line can not resist, ran to the fresh chicken section.

With nothing to do, I followed the line. Behind me was a middle-aged couple, a man and a woman, they didn't work hard, they took turns to wait in line to buy something. The husband went out for a walk, took a few boxes of eggs in his hand, and then he took a walk, and then he took another box of milk in his hand, the wife kept waving her hand, "I bought these, why do you still buy them? " , "it's not too much, we can put them in, we eat green leafy vegetables first these few days, and then we can put them in later. " Listen to their dialogue. After buying food, the couple will not go out and stay at home for the New Year, do not walk relatives do not shop, know this situation, I look at their three car reserves, Harbin Red Sausage have bought more than a dozen, suddenly feel normal, after all, people seven or eight days of food rations.

The big sister who bought the chicken turned out to be a medical worker. She was bored and chatted with the young couple in front of her, "I just finished my night shift yesterday, and in the morning I was told to continue my shift. I didn't have time to buy any food. I just had a quarrel with the department at noon. I drove out to buy something at once, and then nothing was left after that. " The couple even nodded, "Yes, some of my classmates are in the Department of Orthopaedics at the Union Medical College Hospital. Pneumonia has nothing to do with them. They are all required to work overtime these days. " The elder sister said that when she was working at the hospital, both sides of the line moved out a few steps subtly. Several girls secretly looked at the elder sister, look left, look right.

When I checked out, the supermarket was closed, only new customers were allowed out and not allowed in. Several people stood at the door, begging the security guard to let them in, making sure they wouldn't be late. The security guard waved his hand to stop the woman trying to squeeze in, "A bit of the Mall Lock the door, you look at this line, a bit where to finish, go home. ".

I was a little pleased with myself. Fortunately, I came early, and half an hour later I couldn't get in. Looking around, many people heard the security guard saying, "close the door right now, don't open tomorrow, don't know what time it will be open. " They plunged into the shelves and began a new wave of looting, half-closed supermarkets and customers coming and going, let me have a bit more eschatological trance, but can not move, or I would like to buy another wave of fruit do not know enough to eat, I love to eat fruit.

Three bags of fresh, schoolbag is also full, this purchase is over, Ole price is not cheap, although not the network pass the price of cabbage so exaggerated, but brush code or some meat pain, several hundred dollars a sweep did not feel bought vegetables.

Carrying a bag to move out, the floor has begun to clear, security urged me to go out, lock the door immediately, I looked back at the supermarket, "It is early, there are so many people, locked can not get out, " "I am not going to rush people. ". Okay, am I the lucky one or what? I walk out the front door, and there's no taxi service, and Didi is in line for 80-something, and I'm not gonNA take the bus for two hours, so I'm just gonNA walk home.

Come easy, go back a few heavy bags, said not tired is false, I walk a section of the road to stop, change hands, listen to the podcast all the way, in fact, not too long, looking at the road, a few drops of rain on the glasses, also can not wipe. This city is famous for its fireworks, everything has to be lively, suddenly so quiet and silent, a bit uncomfortable, very want to roar a few, give oneself and the whole city courage.

The gas station's motorcade is still so long, and there is another traffic policeman. He sees the big bag and small bag in my hand, and turns to ask his colleague, "have you bought any vegetables? I heard that they are all gone. " I pretend not to hear, and walk forward with a blank expression (the corner of my mouth is a little raised) .

In the neighborhood, I met a big sister who was wearing pajamas and walking her dog. She asked me a few meters away where I bought the things. She had just driven around with her husband, and they were all out of vegetables. I was actually reluctant to talk with a mask on, because the glasses immediately fogged up, in front of me was a vast expanse of whiteness. "The supermarket across Han Street was closed at 1:00. " "Well, never mind, let's go tomorrow. " I was ashamed to tell my eldest sister that it will not be open tomorrow, we are holding today to buy enough supplies for seven days no longer go out of the mood, the supermarket has become a battlefield, quick today, tomorrow collective asylum.

Besides, who knows what will happen tomorrow, the day after tomorrow, or next week? The news is not transparent and is not timely. It all depends on a Jigsaw puzzle-like inference. The more such a sudden announcement is thrown around, the more likely it is to cause panic among the public. We will see all over the sky "refueling in Wuhan" and "hard work of the angels in White" , i just feel numb and indifferent, who is responsible for this step, now is to thank XX, shout slogans when, in addition to the empty blessing, play chicken blood-like refueling, I would like to see the implementation of measures, cross-examine the truth of the report.

In fact, my parents are both medical workers, in and out of the hospital every day, I am also afraid, afraid of their own transmission, afraid of their transmission in the hospital, selfish hope they do not go to work, stay at home with me, quietly until the alarm is lifted. But I also know that's not going to happen, because hospitals are full, full of people with fevers waiting to be diagnosed and treated, and they need to be on the front lines to prevent further spread.

My classmate's mother, also a medical worker, was more Fear Is the Key than I was in the group. I was angry when I complained, but I calmed down. My angry words fell to my lips, and my colleague in Xi'an asked me if I wasn't afraid of infection. I shouldn't have gone back to Wuhan. I'm afraid, but I've already returned to Wuhan, and I can't come out for a short time. Instead of worrying blindly, I should improve my immunity, disinfect frequently and have more rest. I can not fall down, my family and friends can not fall down, and I am safe and sound, that's my new year's resolution for this year.

The first step home, change clothes and wash your hands, sanitize your phone keys, look down at three bags of loot, breathe a sigh of relief, sit on the couch and watch the latest news pop up on your phone, still no good news. Realizing that tomorrow was the New Year's Eve, I stood up and had to start planning what to cook. The more times it happened, the more I had to tell myself to eat well, to be steady, and to take care.

Go to "discover"-"take a look" browse "friends watching"

Sent

####Send it to take a look

Sending

A scan of wechat
Pay attention to the account


-------------
title: The first day of the city's complete closure
source: PlantifulSoul
authors: _
editors: _
proofreader: _
photographer: _
translator: _
via: https://github.com/2019ncovmemory/nCovMemory
link: https://mp.weixin.qq.com/s/kljIX1EHWauAx6hOx1XcSQ
archive: http://archive.ph/si7Mq
snapshot: https://github.com/2019ncovmemory/nCovMemory/blob/master/archive/jpg/1983.jpg
lead: A daily record.
cover: data:image/jpeg;base64,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
