##Diary of the outbreak | Day fifty-four of the siege of Wuhan

Plantifulsoul

Introduction to behindmylife

2020.3.16

I also wanted to light some firecrackers when I heard the opening of Qianjiang and the people set off firecrackers to celebrate. Wuhan banned firecrackers for many years, the urban area certainly can not buy firecrackers, think about it, can take the fairy stick inserted in the cake instead. More and more cities around Wuhan have relaxed their control, opened public places and resumed public transport. It seems that the 20th will not be delayed any longer. The closure of Wuhan will be lifted only at the end of March.

: : Although the overall picture is optimistic, the new population trajectories announced in the past two days include outpatient cases, which continue to flare up even after the patient has been at home for so long, proving that the chain of transmission is still in place and causing a small degree of panic in the population, "Will it be delayed again? The daily increase has not yet reached 0. Now there are still people in the community who are sick. When will it end? " Ah, now I dare not ask myself this question. If I don't ask, I am an ostrich. Pretending not to know, asking only increases anxiety.

The roadblock was removed a few days ago in my hometown, and villagers can freely walk around and visit each other, and they can also go to town by motorcycle. If they go to other places, such as to go back to Guangzhou and Shenzhen to work, they still have to issue certificates from both sides of the entrance and exit. It is easy for their hometown, but it is difficult for them to accept it, if not in advance, the probability of the way to persuade back, because now not open cross-provincial public transport, passing through other provinces and cities may not be willing to let, the best company or accepted willing to send cars, charter buses peer-to-peer.

Wuhan's zero infection community allows orderly activities in the community, I walk downstairs (mostly to find the cat to play) to see a family of three flowers, in fact, there are not many flowers in the community to enjoy, but I feel that they are very high interest, holding a mobile phone to take a close-up shot of the Camellia and Chinese rose, take turns to take a photo, watching me stand in the side of the clay surface, let me help to take a family photo, they saw a circle of flowers and plants, out of pocket two chicken feathers shuttlecock, looking for a space to kick the shuttlecock, the little girl looked at the age is not big, middle school around, shuttlecock kicked really good, variety, left and right legs like installed a powerful magnet, no matter how the shuttlecock in the air, always can safely catch.

Ordinary residents are still not allowed to leave their homes, but Wuhan has relaxed restrictions on patients, allowing them to go out to see doctors and buy medicines if they can get a certificate from a property, and hospitals are slowly restoring medical order, opening out-patient clinics and other departments, instead of dedicating all our resources to new pneumonia. I said that I would pretend to be a patient and go out for a walk. My parents immediately denied it. They had to provide medical records to issue certificates. Where would I go to make up the medical records? "Then I have an emergency and I have to go to the hospital immediately. " My parents were even more speechless, i felt like I was the only one who wished I was sick, and everyone else wanted to be healthy and safe, and I spent my days worrying about how to get sick, and finally they came up with a plausible excuse, asked me to explain to the property staff, "my parents forgot to bring something to work, I went to the hospital, " this time I cynical, "people see you go to work every day, they must say overcome, borrow from other colleagues, anyway go home at night. ". Well, it's all been too long to bear.

The staff of the property sent a bag of apples to our family, saying that both of them were working on the front line and were representing the community to the medical staff. Last night, my friend warned me not to open the door recently. There was a robbery at the door in Hongshan District by someone disguised as a thermometer. I didn't know when I heard a knock on the door. When I closed the door, I was afraid to think of the news. I didn't wear a mask, although the opposite staff protection is complete, in the mind somewhat uneasy.

When the epidemic is most tight, our community almost no materials, all by themselves online grab for food, group purchase is very late to formally implement, every three to five residents complain why our community what materials are not issued. Today, the Property Office is about to be unsealed, but every day there are free supplies available for collection, flour and rice, Chili Onion, today there are dozens of catties of tomato sauce (their own bottles) , from time to time to the elderly home to send care dishes and eggs.

It used to be said that we couldn't get the frozen meat from the supermarket, and we couldn't get in line on our street. Now, every once in a while, we have frozen pork belly and pork chops arriving. Compared to what we needed at the beginning of the epidemic, we now have a relatively sufficient supply of living materials, yesterday some people in the group said they could get free fresh grass carp, one for each family, the 19th was the turn of Wuchang District, today several properties@all suddenly appeared in the group, got some bags of free cabbage and Celery from the supermarket, get in line if you need to.

Many restaurants that don't do online take-out have moved into Meituan. Are you hungry? Every once in a while, I was surprised to say to my mother, "Eh, xx restaurant actually has take-out food. " I used to think these old-brand hotels were very aloof and cold, and the restaurant was very traditional restaurant style, the halls of the Fujian Blue, the crystal Chandeliers, and the big round tables are laid out one by one, and they serve only food in the hall, unless you pack it yourself, and the prices are also on the high side. Now they're going online, offering small dishes and boxed meals, taking the pro, and affordable route, and selling semi finished and ready made meals during the epidemic, such as stewed cold dishes, Hubei Traditional Fried dumplings, fish cake meat cake.

Now big data management has really reached the point of "perfection. " My father received a phone call from the police station. The other party came straight to the point. "Your recent track record shows that you keep going to the hospital. Is there a problem? " My father explained that both of them were working in the hospital, and they had to be on duty during the epidemic, and the other one said, Oh, several times, "it turns out that they were front-line personnel. No wonder your family used to live in XX, and now they have moved to XX. " My father said yes, they moved early, the other side asked a few more questions, feeling nothing unusual, and ended the call.

My Father Sat back on the Sofa and said, "it's so easy to arrest people these days. People don't have any privacy. They know everything. " I said, "well, you should tell me that there is a person who is still in the Han Dynasty. I can't go back to work. Let's see what the other person says. " My father patted his head and said that he had forgotten about it. He had always encouraged me to apply for "subsidies to stay in China. " I always rolled my eyes, not mentioning whether I could successfully apply. I had a local Hukou, a place to eat and live, and I had not been fired by the company, so I could not ask for help from the community.

Yesterday, I received a call from my supervisor asking me what I was doing at home recently. After the epidemic was over, I could go directly to headquarters to report it. I said yes, yes. I thought how about letting me take 10 days and half a month off and go back to Xi'an to collect my things and hand over the work, i left all my stuff in Xi'an, and I didn't have anything on hand. I couldn't rush to the headquarters to go to work right away either. I felt that I would have to go at the end of April anyway, and it would be better if I could go after May 1st. To tell the truth, after being stranded in Wuhan for nearly 60 days, the resistance to staying in Wuhan / staying at home slowly grew. What I really want to do now is to leave Wuhan quickly and change my environment, feel what "normal life" is like (not to mention the rent to June, live dissatisfied with my heart unwilling) .

Liu Liu had come to Wuhan to gather information about the epidemic and was planning to make a film about pneumonia. In her public accounts, she had seen and heard stories about the epidemic. She didn't know what to look at, but she felt angry at first sight, "Fortunately, I came, otherwise the material is all gone. By the time the propagandists can move in, it's almost time to close... the atmosphere in the shelter is relaxed and pleasant. " The tone of the "lofty" inspector between the lines made me not expect anything from this main melody work. In her view, the atmosphere in the shelter was harmonious, the conditions were good and everyone was beaming. Therefore, uh, therefore, it proves that the people of Wuhan live a happy life, if you really want to know the real situation, why not go to Wuhan in January or February, go to the front line and the grass roots, and listen to the city cry.

In my previous diary, I was always worried about being forgotten. As things got better at home, and things got worse abroad, and the global situation was in dire straits, it was natural that people would forget what Hubei had been like for the past two months. There are people who are late to the end, and there are people who care too much from beginning to end. They have a great interest in what I am doing in Wuhan. They ask me how I am every day. When the epidemic is serious, they often ask me how I am and my family, now give me the latest news on a loop. Where is Hubei again unblocked? What wonderful news happened in Wuhan. Asking me how I was today is as dumb as asking a pedestrian who was hit by a car and couldn't get up, "how are you now? Does your leg hurt? " Wuhan is all like this. What can I do in it? I never tire of asking me to answer such questions, pushing me to the brink of blackening him is a painful burden to bear.

I had heard that Hui Lau Shan was going out of business and looked puzzled. I liked Hui Lau Shan's doritos better than I could remember. They were so sweet. I ate hot syrup in the winter, and felt my teeth burn from the Syrup, and Less Than Hui Lau Shan. When Hui Lau Shan responded, the mainland stores remained open, relieved, and rushed to support them after the outbreak. My favorite candy store is fresh Taro, the combination of never get tired of Taro balls + Mung beans + Lotus seeds, plus an extra portion of Coix lacryma-jobi or Douhua.

Write here especially a little bit greedy, Wuhan Milk Tea Shop Brand, do not know other places, did not find in Xi'an, only Xi tea and Naixue Tea, but I think are not good to drink. A little spring tea + Boba is a must. You can drink two or three cups at a time. In fact, you love to chew the Pearls Inside. Note that you add more pearls. Finally, most of the tea you bring is Boba. There are few mouthfuls of tea. Every time my friends see me, they buy milk tea, thinks I eat milk tea for dinner.

A netflix horror skit, "journey to blood, " has six 30-minute episodes and is available in Norwegian (with Chinese and English subtitles) for anyone to watch. I'm sure you're all familiar with my routine, and the horror show I'm going to stick with isn't scary. Journey to blood is like a Nordic fantasy Black Mirror / 9 mystery, with each episode a separate story that opens up the mind and ends with a twist. I think the only thing that scares me is episode 5, because it's got all this weird stuff going on, and she's a bit of a death trap, so whatever's dangerous is dangerous.

Read an article published in an official journal on the "fast-food" marriage outlook of the new generation of migrant workers, the conclusion part writes that "the post-80s working youth are the first generation of marriage and love reform, they are far away from their parents and hometown, they construct the legitimacy of free love in the place where they work, this is a kind of romantic revolution, they live on the fantasy and myth of love, their love is more or less with some literary elements, but also with some idealized beliefs. ". But soon, the "free love" era of the consequences of this generation of young people are emerging, a few lucky people enjoy the sweet and happy free love, while many people have to bear the negative consequences of the Free love... either play with love, or be colonized by material" ? I. .  ？? Share the confusion of the day

BBC Channel 4 has a special link to new Coronavirus pneumonia, with discussions on "is the herd immunisation / Government Ready? " And US special: Are we doing enough? You can tune in. Rather than a quick domestic sprint, the West prefers a marathon, delaying the peak of the outbreak, flattening the curve and avoiding a collapse of the health care system. The West is also looking at Wuhan, Hubei, to see how the city will develop after the lifting of the blockade. The policy of fully closing the city is not sustainable, and whether allowing the free movement of people will lead to a new outbreak is the focus of all attention.

Now the domestic epidemic basic control, the provincial data show positive improvement, but the early sacrifice is too big, until now we still continue to pay the high cost of maintaining the city operation, vitality. It will take more time to see which is more effective. Countries differ in demographics, education levels, health care systems, and so on. Just because it's proven to work in one country doesn't mean it will work in another. I remembered seeing an interesting explanation earlier, "In the face of new coronavirus pneumonia, SARS is the target of the Chinese mainland, Hong Kong and Taiwan, and Mers is the target of the South Korean team. The initial focus in Europe and the United States was influenza, and the target is different. As a result, the attitude of the people towards new coronavirus pneumonia has changed, as well as the official notification caliber and measures. "

* Now I can not see the pictures of the crowds, I am nervous, and my mind is ringing with alarm bells. For example, there are still photos of the crowds in foreign countries under the epidemic situation, a hundred-meter long queue in the airport terminal building, a crowd of people at concerts and competitions, and a scramble for supplies in supermarkets and department stores, did some research on the actual psychologies of Homophobia, anthropophobia.

One of IG's most popular accounts,@subwayhands  , featured an article in the New Yorker titled "Anxious Hands on the New York subway, " in which people unconsciously keep their distance, are more alert to touching hands in public spaces and breathing the same air through their noses, "The hand becomes a vehicle for some unknown fear" :

“there’s a new hyperawareness of the shared physicality of transit, of breathing the same air, touching the same card machines and stair rails and turnstile bars. Our hands are suddenly hazards, portals to take in—or transmit—something terrifyingly invisible. ”

2020.3.16

I also wanted to light some firecrackers when I heard the opening of Qianjiang and the people set off firecrackers to celebrate. Wuhan banned firecrackers for many years, the urban area certainly can not buy firecrackers, think about it, can take the fairy stick inserted in the cake instead. More and more cities around Wuhan have relaxed their control, opened public places and resumed public transport. It seems that the 20th will not be delayed any longer. The closure of Wuhan will be lifted only at the end of March.

: : Although the overall picture is optimistic, the new population trajectories announced in the past two days include outpatient cases, which continue to flare up even after the patient has been at home for so long, proving that the chain of transmission is still in place and causing a small degree of panic in the population, "Will it be delayed again? The daily increase has not yet reached 0. Now there are still people in the community who are sick. When will it end? " Ah, now I dare not ask myself this question. If I don't ask, I am an ostrich. Pretending not to know, asking only increases anxiety.

The roadblock was removed a few days ago in my hometown, and villagers can freely walk around and visit each other, and they can also go to town by motorcycle. If they go to other places, such as to go back to Guangzhou and Shenzhen to work, they still have to issue certificates from both sides of the entrance and exit. It is easy for their hometown, but it is difficult for them to accept it, if not in advance, the probability of the way to persuade back, because now not open cross-provincial public transport, passing through other provinces and cities may not be willing to let, the best company or accepted willing to send cars, charter buses peer-to-peer.

Wuhan's zero infection community allows orderly activities in the community, I walk downstairs (mostly to find the cat to play) to see a family of three flowers, in fact, there are not many flowers in the community to enjoy, but I feel that they are very high interest, holding a mobile phone to take a close-up shot of the Camellia and Chinese rose, take turns to take a photo, watching me stand in the side of the clay surface, let me help to take a family photo, they saw a circle of flowers and plants, out of pocket two chicken feathers shuttlecock, looking for a space to kick the shuttlecock, the little girl looked at the age is not big, middle school around, shuttlecock kicked really good, variety, left and right legs like installed a powerful magnet, no matter how the shuttlecock in the air, always can safely catch.

Ordinary residents are still not allowed to leave their homes, but Wuhan has relaxed restrictions on patients, allowing them to go out to see doctors and buy medicines if they can get a certificate from a property, and hospitals are slowly restoring medical order, opening out-patient clinics and other departments, instead of dedicating all our resources to new pneumonia. I said that I would pretend to be a patient and go out for a walk. My parents immediately denied it. They had to provide medical records to issue certificates. Where would I go to make up the medical records? "Then I have an emergency and I have to go to the hospital immediately. " My parents were even more speechless, i felt like I was the only one who wished I was sick, and everyone else wanted to be healthy and safe, and I spent my days worrying about how to get sick, and finally they came up with a plausible excuse, asked me to explain to the property staff, "my parents forgot to bring something to work, I went to the hospital, " this time I cynical, "people see you go to work every day, they must say overcome, borrow from other colleagues, anyway go home at night. ". Well, it's all been too long to bear.

The staff of the property sent a bag of apples to our family, saying that both of them were working on the front line and were representing the community to the medical staff. Last night, my friend warned me not to open the door recently. There was a robbery at the door in Hongshan District by someone disguised as a thermometer. I didn't know when I heard a knock on the door. When I closed the door, I was afraid to think of the news. I didn't wear a mask, although the opposite staff protection is complete, in the mind somewhat uneasy.

When the epidemic is most tight, our community almost no materials, all by themselves online grab for food, group purchase is very late to formally implement, every three to five residents complain why our community what materials are not issued. Today, the Property Office is about to be unsealed, but every day there are free supplies available for collection, flour and rice, Chili Onion, today there are dozens of catties of tomato sauce (their own bottles) , from time to time to the elderly home to send care dishes and eggs.

It used to be said that we couldn't get the frozen meat from the supermarket, and we couldn't get in line on our street. Now, every once in a while, we have frozen pork belly and pork chops arriving. Compared to what we needed at the beginning of the epidemic, we now have a relatively sufficient supply of living materials, yesterday some people in the group said they could get free fresh grass carp, one for each family, the 19th was the turn of Wuchang District, today several properties@all suddenly appeared in the group, got some bags of free cabbage and Celery from the supermarket, get in line if you need to.

Many restaurants that don't do online take-out have moved into Meituan. Are you hungry? Every once in a while, I was surprised to say to my mother, "Eh, xx restaurant actually has take-out food. " I used to think these old-brand hotels were very aloof and cold, and the restaurant was very traditional restaurant style, the halls of the Fujian Blue, the crystal Chandeliers, and the big round tables are laid out one by one, and they serve only food in the hall, unless you pack it yourself, and the prices are also on the high side. Now they're going online, offering small dishes and boxed meals, taking the pro, and affordable route, and selling semi finished and ready made meals during the epidemic, such as stewed cold dishes, Hubei Traditional Fried dumplings, fish cake meat cake.

Now big data management has really reached the point of "perfection. " My father received a phone call from the police station. The other party came straight to the point. "Your recent track record shows that you keep going to the hospital. Is there a problem? " My father explained that both of them were working in the hospital, and they had to be on duty during the epidemic, and the other one said, Oh, several times, "it turns out that they were front-line personnel. No wonder your family used to live in XX, and now they have moved to XX. " My father said yes, they moved early, the other side asked a few more questions, feeling nothing unusual, and ended the call.

My Father Sat back on the Sofa and said, "it's so easy to arrest people these days. People don't have any privacy. They know everything. " I said, "well, you should tell me that there is a person who is still in the Han Dynasty. I can't go back to work. Let's see what the other person says. " My father patted his head and said that he had forgotten about it. He had always encouraged me to apply for "subsidies to stay in China. " I always rolled my eyes, not mentioning whether I could successfully apply. I had a local Hukou, a place to eat and live, and I had not been fired by the company, so I could not ask for help from the community.

Yesterday, I received a call from my supervisor asking me what I was doing at home recently. After the epidemic was over, I could go directly to headquarters to report it. I said yes, yes. I thought how about letting me take 10 days and half a month off and go back to Xi'an to collect my things and hand over the work, i left all my stuff in Xi'an, and I didn't have anything on hand. I couldn't rush to the headquarters to go to work right away either. I felt that I would have to go at the end of April anyway, and it would be better if I could go after May 1st. To tell the truth, after being stranded in Wuhan for nearly 60 days, the resistance to staying in Wuhan / staying at home slowly grew. What I really want to do now is to leave Wuhan quickly and change my environment, feel what "normal life" is like (not to mention the rent to June, live dissatisfied with my heart unwilling) .

Liu Liu had come to Wuhan to gather information about the epidemic and was planning to make a film about pneumonia. In her public accounts, she had seen and heard stories about the epidemic. She didn't know what to look at, but she felt angry at first sight, "Fortunately, I came, otherwise the material is all gone. By the time the propagandists can move in, it's almost time to close... the atmosphere in the shelter is relaxed and pleasant. " The tone of the "lofty" inspector between the lines made me not expect anything from this main melody work. In her view, the atmosphere in the shelter was harmonious, the conditions were good and everyone was beaming. Therefore, uh, therefore, it proves that the people of Wuhan live a happy life, if you really want to know the real situation, why not go to Wuhan in January or February, go to the front line and the grass roots, and listen to the city cry.

In my previous diary, I was always worried about being forgotten. As things got better at home, and things got worse abroad, and the global situation was in dire straits, it was natural that people would forget what Hubei had been like for the past two months. There are people who are late to the end, and there are people who care too much from beginning to end. They have a great interest in what I am doing in Wuhan. They ask me how I am every day. When the epidemic is serious, they often ask me how I am and my family, now give me the latest news on a loop. Where is Hubei again unblocked? What wonderful news happened in Wuhan. Asking me how I was today is as dumb as asking a pedestrian who was hit by a car and couldn't get up, "how are you now? Does your leg hurt? " Wuhan is all like this. What can I do in it? I never tire of asking me to answer such questions, pushing me to the brink of blackening him is a painful burden to bear.

I had heard that Hui Lau Shan was going out of business and looked puzzled. I liked Hui Lau Shan's doritos better than I could remember. They were so sweet. I ate hot syrup in the winter, and felt my teeth burn from the Syrup, and Less Than Hui Lau Shan. When Hui Lau Shan responded, the mainland stores remained open, relieved, and rushed to support them after the outbreak. My favorite candy store is fresh Taro, the combination of never get tired of Taro balls + Mung beans + Lotus seeds, plus an extra portion of Coix lacryma-jobi or Douhua.

Write here especially a little bit greedy, Wuhan Milk Tea Shop Brand, do not know other places, did not find in Xi'an, only Xi tea and Naixue Tea, but I think are not good to drink. A little spring tea + Boba is a must. You can drink two or three cups at a time. In fact, you love to chew the Pearls Inside. Note that you add more pearls. Finally, most of the tea you bring is Boba. There are few mouthfuls of tea. Every time my friends see me, they buy milk tea, thinks I eat milk tea for dinner.

A netflix horror skit, "journey to blood, " has six 30-minute episodes and is available in Norwegian (with Chinese and English subtitles) for anyone to watch. I'm sure you're all familiar with my routine, and the horror show I'm going to stick with isn't scary. Journey to blood is like a Nordic fantasy Black Mirror / 9 mystery, with each episode a separate story that opens up the mind and ends with a twist. I think the only thing that scares me is episode 5, because it's got all this weird stuff going on, and she's a bit of a death trap, so whatever's dangerous is dangerous.

Read an article published in an official journal on the "fast-food" marriage outlook of the new generation of migrant workers, the conclusion part writes that "the post-80s working youth are the first generation of marriage and love reform, they are far away from their parents and hometown, they construct the legitimacy of free love in the place where they work, this is a kind of romantic revolution, they live on the fantasy and myth of love, their love is more or less with some literary elements, but also with some idealized beliefs. ". But soon, the "free love" era of the consequences of this generation of young people are emerging, a few lucky people enjoy the sweet and happy free love, while many people have to bear the negative consequences of the Free love... either play with love, or be colonized by material" ? I. .  ？? Share the confusion of the day

BBC Channel 4 has a special link to new Coronavirus pneumonia, with discussions on "is the herd immunisation / Government Ready? " And US special: Are we doing enough? You can tune in. Rather than a quick domestic sprint, the West prefers a marathon, delaying the peak of the outbreak, flattening the curve and avoiding a collapse of the health care system. The West is also looking at Wuhan, Hubei, to see how the city will develop after the lifting of the blockade. The policy of fully closing the city is not sustainable, and whether allowing the free movement of people will lead to a new outbreak is the focus of all attention.

Now the domestic epidemic basic control, the provincial data show positive improvement, but the early sacrifice is too big, until now we still continue to pay the high cost of maintaining the city operation, vitality. It will take more time to see which is more effective. Countries differ in demographics, education levels, health care systems, and so on. Just because it's proven to work in one country doesn't mean it will work in another. I remembered seeing an interesting explanation earlier, "In the face of new coronavirus pneumonia, SARS is the target of the Chinese mainland, Hong Kong and Taiwan, and Mers is the target of the South Korean team. The initial focus in Europe and the United States was influenza, and the target is different. As a result, the attitude of the people towards new coronavirus pneumonia has changed, as well as the official notification caliber and measures. "

* Now I can not see the pictures of the crowds, I am nervous, and my mind is ringing with alarm bells. For example, there are still photos of the crowds in foreign countries under the epidemic situation, a hundred-meter long queue in the airport terminal building, a crowd of people at concerts and competitions, and a scramble for supplies in supermarkets and department stores, did some research on the actual psychologies of Homophobia, anthropophobia.

One of IG's most popular accounts,@subwayhands  , featured an article in the New Yorker titled "Anxious Hands on the New York subway, " in which people unconsciously keep their distance, are more alert to touching hands in public spaces and breathing the same air through their noses, "The hand becomes a vehicle for some unknown fear" :

“there’s a new hyperawareness of the shared physicality of transit, of breathing the same air, touching the same card machines and stair rails and turnstile bars. Our hands are suddenly hazards, portals to take in—or transmit—something terrifyingly invisible. ”

I also wanted to light some firecrackers when I heard the opening of Qianjiang and the people set off firecrackers to celebrate. Wuhan banned firecrackers for many years, the urban area certainly can not buy firecrackers, think about it, can take the fairy stick inserted in the cake instead. More and more cities around Wuhan have relaxed their control, opened public places and resumed public transport. It seems that the 20th will not be delayed any longer. The closure of Wuhan will be lifted only at the end of March.

: : Although the overall picture is optimistic, the new population trajectories announced in the past two days include outpatient cases, which continue to flare up even after the patient has been at home for so long, proving that the chain of transmission is still in place and causing a small degree of panic in the population, "Will it be delayed again? The daily increase has not yet reached 0. Now there are still people in the community who are sick. When will it end? " Ah, now I dare not ask myself this question. If I don't ask, I am an ostrich. Pretending not to know, asking only increases anxiety.

The roadblock was removed a few days ago in my hometown, and villagers can freely walk around and visit each other, and they can also go to town by motorcycle. If they go to other places, such as to go back to Guangzhou and Shenzhen to work, they still have to issue certificates from both sides of the entrance and exit. It is easy for their hometown, but it is difficult for them to accept it, if not in advance, the probability of the way to persuade back, because now not open cross-provincial public transport, passing through other provinces and cities may not be willing to let, the best company or accepted willing to send cars, charter buses peer-to-peer.

Wuhan's zero infection community allows orderly activities in the community, I walk downstairs (mostly to find the cat to play) to see a family of three flowers, in fact, there are not many flowers in the community to enjoy, but I feel that they are very high interest, holding a mobile phone to take a close-up shot of the Camellia and Chinese rose, take turns to take a photo, watching me stand in the side of the clay surface, let me help to take a family photo, they saw a circle of flowers and plants, out of pocket two chicken feathers shuttlecock, looking for a space to kick the shuttlecock, the little girl looked at the age is not big, middle school around, shuttlecock kicked really good, variety, left and right legs like installed a powerful magnet, no matter how the shuttlecock in the air, always can safely catch.

Ordinary residents are still not allowed to leave their homes, but Wuhan has relaxed restrictions on patients, allowing them to go out to see doctors and buy medicines if they can get a certificate from a property, and hospitals are slowly restoring medical order, opening out-patient clinics and other departments, instead of dedicating all our resources to new pneumonia. I said that I would pretend to be a patient and go out for a walk. My parents immediately denied it. They had to provide medical records to issue certificates. Where would I go to make up the medical records? "Then I have an emergency and I have to go to the hospital immediately. " My parents were even more speechless, i felt like I was the only one who wished I was sick, and everyone else wanted to be healthy and safe, and I spent my days worrying about how to get sick, and finally they came up with a plausible excuse, asked me to explain to the property staff, "my parents forgot to bring something to work, I went to the hospital, " this time I cynical, "people see you go to work every day, they must say overcome, borrow from other colleagues, anyway go home at night. ". Well, it's all been too long to bear.

The staff of the property sent a bag of apples to our family, saying that both of them were working on the front line and were representing the community to the medical staff. Last night, my friend warned me not to open the door recently. There was a robbery at the door in Hongshan District by someone disguised as a thermometer. I didn't know when I heard a knock on the door. When I closed the door, I was afraid to think of the news. I didn't wear a mask, although the opposite staff protection is complete, in the mind somewhat uneasy.

When the epidemic is most tight, our community almost no materials, all by themselves online grab for food, group purchase is very late to formally implement, every three to five residents complain why our community what materials are not issued. Today, the Property Office is about to be unsealed, but every day there are free supplies available for collection, flour and rice, Chili Onion, today there are dozens of catties of tomato sauce (their own bottles) , from time to time to the elderly home to send care dishes and eggs.

It used to be said that we couldn't get the frozen meat from the supermarket, and we couldn't get in line on our street. Now, every once in a while, we have frozen pork belly and pork chops arriving. Compared to what we needed at the beginning of the epidemic, we now have a relatively sufficient supply of living materials, yesterday some people in the group said they could get free fresh grass carp, one for each family, the 19th was the turn of Wuchang District, today several properties@all suddenly appeared in the group, got some bags of free cabbage and Celery from the supermarket, get in line if you need to.

Many restaurants that don't do online take-out have moved into Meituan. Are you hungry? Every once in a while, I was surprised to say to my mother, "Eh, xx restaurant actually has take-out food. " I used to think these old-brand hotels were very aloof and cold, and the restaurant was very traditional restaurant style, the halls of the Fujian Blue, the crystal Chandeliers, and the big round tables are laid out one by one, and they serve only food in the hall, unless you pack it yourself, and the prices are also on the high side. Now they're going online, offering small dishes and boxed meals, taking the pro, and affordable route, and selling semi finished and ready made meals during the epidemic, such as stewed cold dishes, Hubei Traditional Fried dumplings, fish cake meat cake.

Now big data management has really reached the point of "perfection. " My father received a phone call from the police station. The other party came straight to the point. "Your recent track record shows that you keep going to the hospital. Is there a problem? " My father explained that both of them were working in the hospital, and they had to be on duty during the epidemic, and the other one said, Oh, several times, "it turns out that they were front-line personnel. No wonder your family used to live in XX, and now they have moved to XX. " My father said yes, they moved early, the other side asked a few more questions, feeling nothing unusual, and ended the call.

My Father Sat back on the Sofa and said, "it's so easy to arrest people these days. People don't have any privacy. They know everything. " I said, "well, you should tell me that there is a person who is still in the Han Dynasty. I can't go back to work. Let's see what the other person says. " My father patted his head and said that he had forgotten about it. He had always encouraged me to apply for "subsidies to stay in China. " I always rolled my eyes, not mentioning whether I could successfully apply. I had a local Hukou, a place to eat and live, and I had not been fired by the company, so I could not ask for help from the community.

Yesterday, I received a call from my supervisor asking me what I was doing at home recently. After the epidemic was over, I could go directly to headquarters to report it. I said yes, yes. I thought how about letting me take 10 days and half a month off and go back to Xi'an to collect my things and hand over the work, i left all my stuff in Xi'an, and I didn't have anything on hand. I couldn't rush to the headquarters to go to work right away either. I felt that I would have to go at the end of April anyway, and it would be better if I could go after May 1st. To tell the truth, after being stranded in Wuhan for nearly 60 days, the resistance to staying in Wuhan / staying at home slowly grew. What I really want to do now is to leave Wuhan quickly and change my environment, feel what "normal life" is like (not to mention the rent to June, live dissatisfied with my heart unwilling) .

Liu Liu had come to Wuhan to gather information about the epidemic and was planning to make a film about pneumonia. In her public accounts, she had seen and heard stories about the epidemic. She didn't know what to look at, but she felt angry at first sight, "Fortunately, I came, otherwise the material is all gone. By the time the propagandists can move in, it's almost time to close... the atmosphere in the shelter is relaxed and pleasant. " The tone of the "lofty" inspector between the lines made me not expect anything from this main melody work. In her view, the atmosphere in the shelter was harmonious, the conditions were good and everyone was beaming. Therefore, uh, therefore, it proves that the people of Wuhan live a happy life, if you really want to know the real situation, why not go to Wuhan in January or February, go to the front line and the grass roots, and listen to the city cry.

In my previous diary, I was always worried about being forgotten. As things got better at home, and things got worse abroad, and the global situation was in dire straits, it was natural that people would forget what Hubei had been like for the past two months. There are people who are late to the end, and there are people who care too much from beginning to end. They have a great interest in what I am doing in Wuhan. They ask me how I am every day. When the epidemic is serious, they often ask me how I am and my family, now give me the latest news on a loop. Where is Hubei again unblocked? What wonderful news happened in Wuhan. Asking me how I was today is as dumb as asking a pedestrian who was hit by a car and couldn't get up, "how are you now? Does your leg hurt? " Wuhan is all like this. What can I do in it? I never tire of asking me to answer such questions, pushing me to the brink of blackening him is a painful burden to bear.

I had heard that Hui Lau Shan was going out of business and looked puzzled. I liked Hui Lau Shan's doritos better than I could remember. They were so sweet. I ate hot syrup in the winter, and felt my teeth burn from the Syrup, and Less Than Hui Lau Shan. When Hui Lau Shan responded, the mainland stores remained open, relieved, and rushed to support them after the outbreak. My favorite candy store is fresh Taro, the combination of never get tired of Taro balls + Mung beans + Lotus seeds, plus an extra portion of Coix lacryma-jobi or Douhua.

Write here especially a little bit greedy, Wuhan Milk Tea Shop Brand, do not know other places, did not find in Xi'an, only Xi tea and Naixue Tea, but I think are not good to drink. A little spring tea + Boba is a must. You can drink two or three cups at a time. In fact, you love to chew the Pearls Inside. Note that you add more pearls. Finally, most of the tea you bring is Boba. There are few mouthfuls of tea. Every time my friends see me, they buy milk tea, thinks I eat milk tea for dinner.

A netflix horror skit, "journey to blood, " has six 30-minute episodes and is available in Norwegian (with Chinese and English subtitles) for anyone to watch. I'm sure you're all familiar with my routine, and the horror show I'm going to stick with isn't scary. Journey to blood is like a Nordic fantasy Black Mirror / 9 mystery, with each episode a separate story that opens up the mind and ends with a twist. I think the only thing that scares me is episode 5, because it's got all this weird stuff going on, and she's a bit of a death trap, so whatever's dangerous is dangerous.

Read an article published in an official journal on the "fast-food" marriage outlook of the new generation of migrant workers, the conclusion part writes that "the post-80s working youth are the first generation of marriage and love reform, they are far away from their parents and hometown, they construct the legitimacy of free love in the place where they work, this is a kind of romantic revolution, they live on the fantasy and myth of love, their love is more or less with some literary elements, but also with some idealized beliefs. ". But soon, the "free love" era of the consequences of this generation of young people are emerging, a few lucky people enjoy the sweet and happy free love, while many people have to bear the negative consequences of the Free love... either play with love, or be colonized by material" ? I. .  ？? Share the confusion of the day

BBC Channel 4 has a special link to new Coronavirus pneumonia, with discussions on "is the herd immunisation / Government Ready? " And US special: Are we doing enough? You can tune in. Rather than a quick domestic sprint, the West prefers a marathon, delaying the peak of the outbreak, flattening the curve and avoiding a collapse of the health care system. The West is also looking at Wuhan, Hubei, to see how the city will develop after the lifting of the blockade. The policy of fully closing the city is not sustainable, and whether allowing the free movement of people will lead to a new outbreak is the focus of all attention.

Now the domestic epidemic basic control, the provincial data show positive improvement, but the early sacrifice is too big, until now we still continue to pay the high cost of maintaining the city operation, vitality. It will take more time to see which is more effective. Countries differ in demographics, education levels, health care systems, and so on. Just because it's proven to work in one country doesn't mean it will work in another. I remembered seeing an interesting explanation earlier, "In the face of new coronavirus pneumonia, SARS is the target of the Chinese mainland, Hong Kong and Taiwan, and Mers is the target of the South Korean team. The initial focus in Europe and the United States was influenza, and the target is different. As a result, the attitude of the people towards new coronavirus pneumonia has changed, as well as the official notification caliber and measures. "

* Now I can not see the pictures of the crowds, I am nervous, and my mind is ringing with alarm bells. For example, there are still photos of the crowds in foreign countries under the epidemic situation, a hundred-meter long queue in the airport terminal building, a crowd of people at concerts and competitions, and a scramble for supplies in supermarkets and department stores, did some research on the actual psychologies of Homophobia, anthropophobia.

One of IG's most popular accounts,@subwayhands  , featured an article in the New Yorker titled "Anxious Hands on the New York subway, " in which people unconsciously keep their distance, are more alert to touching hands in public spaces and breathing the same air through their noses, "The hand becomes a vehicle for some unknown fear" :

“there’s a new hyperawareness of the shared physicality of transit, of breathing the same air, touching the same card machines and stair rails and turnstile bars. Our hands are suddenly hazards, portals to take in—or transmit—something terrifyingly invisible. ”

Go to "discover"-"take a look" browse "friends watching"

Sent

####Send it to take a look

Sending

A scan of wechat
Pay attention to the account


-------------
title: Diary of the outbreak | Day fifty-four of the siege of Wuhan
source: PlantifulSoul
authors: _
editors: _
proofreader: _
photographer: _
translator: _
via: https://github.com/2019ncovmemory/nCovMemory
link: https://mp.weixin.qq.com/s/jo3DERHqlo_waddYTrFQfg
archive: http://archive.ph/QimzN
snapshot: https://github.com/2019ncovmemory/nCovMemory/blob/master/archive/jpg/3561.jpg
lead: It keeps coming back.
cover: data:image/jpeg;base64,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
