##It's been 25 days since my father died, and I haven't told my mother

Micro-signal Zairenjian11

Features, with a calm narrative against the cold | phoenix network produced in the human studio

Phoenix News Client, produced by Phoenix Network Studio in the world

Open the Phoenix News client, search "on earth" and follow

On March 11, Luo Xuan (An alias requested by the interviewee) received a call from the funeral home to verify her father's identity. Twenty days ago, Feb. 21, my father died at the Xiehe West courtyard in Wuhan.

On February 5, with the help of his old colleague, Luo's father, who had a fever for 12 days, finally got the chance to be hospitalized and loaded his suitcase into an ambulance. The family never saw him again.

Here is Luo Xuan's dictation:

I am Luo Xuan, a native of Wuhan. I live on Fruit Lake Street in Wuchang.

The second day of the city closure in Wuhan, New Year's Eve, my father was a little sick. Our two families live very close to each other, a small community, walk more than 10 minutes to the. I told him I wouldn't be able to eat the New Year's Eve Dinner; my son was 8 and my daughter was 6, and I was worried that he would get sick if he walked around at night.

That night, dad cooked some dishes, and he wrapped his own dumplings, brought us.

28 January

Chuy, Dad says he has a low-grade fever. I called the neighborhood, but no one was looking. He said to take the medicine at home first. I couldn't keep it down. Fever's up to 102.

Community hospitals have only the most basic drugs, and they can only prescribe them for two days, and no other tests are available. Dad took an oral Azithromycin. It didn't work. The drug had to be taken for three days, so Amoxicillin was replaced. After eating, DAD's body temperature still does not subside, the symptoms do not slow down. When he got to the back, it got worse and worse. He had diarrhea, vomiting, couldn't walk, and lost his voice.

On the 27th, my mother was very worried and called 120. 120 replied, "get in line, " probably number six hundred. At that time, all public transportation in Wuhan was stopped, and people either walked or cycled to the hospital, many of them unable to get there at all. At night, mom calls the community again. On the morning of the 28th, she finally contacted the community director, who called 120 in the name of the community.

29 January

A little after 6 p.m. , the 120 finally arrived. My parents went to the seventh hospital in Wuhan in panic and paid the bus fare of more than 160 yuan. The hallways of the hospital were crowded, and someone had put up a Pergola. My parents called it Harvard 381, with more than 200 people on it. Mom said on the phone: "I was at home struggling to come, your father coughed so hard, and now there is no way to see a doctor. I do not know what to do, come, then wait. "

Mother has no symptoms, she is afraid of being infected, afraid to wait in the hall, just standing outside; but father's body can not stand, there is no heat outside, especially cold. The old man's body was already weak, and now had to stay up all night to see a doctor, where can bear. Mother said: "This is a natural disaster, but also a man-made disaster, he has to take the blame for life. "

After more than two hours of agonizing in the hospital, the old man called me and said, "never mind, just drive to pick us up. " They were afraid of infection and wouldn't let my husband drive us, but in the end, the two old men couldn't take it anymore.

My husband's driving. He'll be there in five minutes. "How did it happen so fast? " Mom Asked in a daze. She said 120 picked them up and drove them to the hospital for at least half an hour. I don't know if she's delusional or if she's driving that slow. I worry and helpless... Last night, dad cough almost did not sleep. When he came back, he didn't want to move. It was day five of his fever.

■ The other day, when I was taking an online class with my kids, I drew "cat's friend. ". At that time, I was filled with hope.

30 January

I heard that there are several hospitals to receive fever patients, I let my husband drove my father to a trip to the third hospital. I was at home alone, waiting. I'm sure everything's GONNA be fine.

The people of the Third Hospital said that patients with fever must go to the designated hospital and not be shown.

After the city was closed, Wuhan only told us, "don't go out! Don't go out! " The problem was that patients with fever should seek medical treatment! You go to any hospital, it's all squashed up. The hallways of a designated hospital are full of people, not segregated, but lined up and touched by a doctor.

I didn't worry too much before because I thought I'd be able to handle it the normal way. The first time the old man arrived at the hospital, he found one hundred people huddled there in the middle of the night. That's when we got nervous. There were a lot of people at the hospitals, so we went to other hospitals. A lot of hospitals don't take people with fevers, even if you have a normal fever, and there's no place to go. We can't judge for ourselves, and we can't find a place to go to the doctor, so we get anxious.

I was helpless, can only cry in the bottom of my heart: "bless my family! "

31 January

On This Day, Wuhan Zhongnan Hospital also received a diagnosis, but to grab no. . I stayed up late so I wouldn't miss my registration. It was like a eleven sale.

It was nearly 12 a.m. , and I was staring at the screen, staring at the clock... my hands shaking with tension.

"No. In the afternoon! " I scolded, and then tried to point into, point point point... Pay! I beat you to the first number in the morning. (the note reads: "With this information directly to the south-central Hospital Registration Department in a timely manner. If you want to cancel the registration, please go to the window for treatment on the same day. ") After the ticket, I was relieved, very happy. Daddy can see a doctor tomorrow, for God's sake!

At 7:30 in the morning, my husband drove my father to the hospital. Who knows, after arriving, the hospital says the ticket that brushes on the net does not calculate, want to queue up to register again. This row is a dozen. That's fine. We've got numbers.

In the morning, took a lung CT, suspected infection; in the afternoon did a stream B, the test results are negative. The whole process is quite smooth, but it takes a lot of energy.

Dad was so lucky that he had to wait another five hours to get his DNA tested that night. Some people line up a few days, changed a few hospitals, did not wait.

We won't know for another two or three days.

I was pleasantly surprised, hoping for a small miracle, that my dad wasn't the new type of coronary pneumonia.

2 February

After two days of waiting and getting the results, mom freaked out on the spot. She called me and said, "Your father is, " and there was a lot of silence. Father's test result is positive, I also hear a hooded, but still forbear, say "I go to contact" . First it was a community call, then a hot line in Wuchang to report on Dad.

I thought if I got the report, I'd have a hospital to take dad in. The operator said, do you know how nervous the car is right now? I'll worry about the car. You just help me get a bed. He immediately changed his story and said, Vulcan Mountain fixed, you send to Vulcan Mountain, we have no beds here. "Not to say that the diagnosis of patients must accept it? " I was puzzled.

I called every hospital I could get in touch with, and it was busy... and the community kept pushing.

Previously to get registered in the south-central hospital did not continue to do other treatment, to his father prescribed some very simple medicine, let us leave. I called the hot line in Wuchang again.

I asked the operator: "What about the back? south-central hospital does not accept, let us go to Vulcan Mountain, you can help arrange beds? "

"If you have a car, you'd better deliver it yourself, first thing in the morning. If you don't have a car, you'll have to wait for us to arrange it. " They refused to give community certification or guarantee acceptance, and asked, "how do you do nucleic acid testing? "

The operator told me to take the men to Vulcan Mountain Myself. Vulcan Mountain started receiving patients on February 3rd. I asked him: Don't we need any formalities to send it? You're just gonNA take a chart? The operator doesn't know. The community doesn't know. They say if Vulcan Mountain is open, send it there.

3 February

2, I saw the "Vulcan Mountain Hospital official delivery" News, grateful. THAT'S A life-saving hospital! However, the other side issued a notice that night, warning residents not to go to the Vulcan Mountain, stressed that there is no clinic, can not see a doctor. But we went anyway, with hope.

Worried about not getting a seat, my husband drove my parents from home at 6:40 in the morning. It's a 40-minute drive to Mount Vulcan. It was full of construction sites, and they went around and around, but they couldn't find their way. The roads are all blocked.

As it turns out, Vulcan Mountain only takes transferred patients. My Dad had to go to the hospital first.

Fortunately, we prepared for both. If you can't get into Vulcan Mountain Hospital, go to the nearby chinese-french hospital. Well, my dad's name wasn't on the intake list, so they wouldn't take it.

We have to go back to the community, start from scratch. It's the only way. From the community level to the street, the street to the district, the district to the city.

In another post on the 2nd ("four categories of people" are being treated and quarantined in every city and district, as required by Wuhan's COVID-19 Pneumonia Control Headquarters) , I immediately understood that hospitals were no longer for individuals, it must have a patient's message to receive it. Invisibly, he set a threshold for his father's admission.

Community director said: "The Bauhinia Hospital has been taken over, I reported the information of your home, last night our community sent in eight, now beds seem full. ". Why don't you go over there and see if you can arrange. Don't worry, the information has already been reported to the district. It will be arranged today."

"Doesn't Redbud only accept suspected patients? " I asked.

"I put you (Dad) reported suspicious, " the community director replied with a text message.

"You're dying, and you think it's useless! "

"Then I'll contact another hospital for you tomorrow! "

I just have to believe it one more time.

4 February

In the evening, my father was told he could go to the Western Union. My husband dropped him off. Waited and waited. The contact said he was coordinating, that he was a leader, and that he had a list of 20 people that had been handed over to the hospital. My Dad's name is on it. They waited three or four hours and sent them all home... without a single one of them living there.

We have to listen to the community. Well, if you're in a hurry, you'll have to go to the community. The Community director told me: We have reported ah... waiting for News Ah... also trying to find a way... also fighting for a bed... all I hear is this response, no real progress.

The pills didn't work, so I gave my dad a shot. It was hard to find a small private clinic that was also listed as a fever clinic in Wuhan. They don't take confirmed cases. They only take suspected cases. Dad went over there, and the community director made the call. The Community Director warned in advance: You must not say that is a confirmed patient Ah, that they are highly suspicious. It was the only way they could give my dad a shot.

Private Clinics Ran Ács, vitamin C, and made us buy immunoglobulins for two days straight. IMMUNOGLOBULINS have to run their own pharmacies to find, a lot of pharmacies are not, now the situation also increased the price, before 500 yuan less, now nearly 600 yuan A. That's an expensive needle. Two, three grand a pop. After the first day, Dad felt better. After the second day, Dad felt out of sorts, out of breath. Although this medicine has the advantage to the body, but also has the side effect, affects the defecation and the breath.

I panicked and started posting everywhere. Before only their small-scale hair, think this is a personal matter, but later mobilized all the colleagues around to help.

The city closed only 10 days, but I feel like a month, a woolly month! Today, the only happy thing is to watch a film dubbing by Han Ka (Wuhan dedicated to the funny network anchor of the Han faction) . The two children watch it over and over again, and laugh at every burden. Well, smiling is good for the immune system, I tell myself.

5 February

Dad waited patiently while he got his shot, but the disease was progressing too fast for him to wait. I race against time every day. Every day I wake up, my head is not combed nor washed, anyway, do not go out, began to fill in the bed with all kinds of information, fill in, hair..

I haven't left the house in over ten days. Our husband on a person go out, pick up parents, buy vegetables. Mom and dad are going to entertain relatives for the New Year. They bought a lot of food. If they don't get sick, they don't have to go out. But we don't stock food. This Spring Festival we had planned to travel to Guangzhou, air tickets have been booked, and then all for naught. My husband buys food almost once a week. The food at the supermarket has to be picked up early, and then there's nothing left.

Our children also have no time to Tube, love to play the IPAD IPAD, love to see the phone to see the phone... the two children quarrel to go out every day, to play. They're bored at home, so they do it, they look at pictures of the landscape online, and they entertain themselves. Wow, this hotel is beautiful! Mom, I want to play here! Mom, this place is great! Where are we? They can play all they want, as long as they don't mess with me. I just do my own thing, and that's all I can think about.

After I posted the help on the Internet, I got some calls, and they sent me all kinds of forms to fill out, and then they asked volunteers to follow up. But I don't think there's a lot of push, because there are so many of my dad's. I retweeted a lot of these articles on my wechat account.

I can't find a way in. I'm stuck in a loop. Early in the morning, I also started up the old colleagues in my father's unit.

I didn't know what else to turn to. When Dad wasn't sick, I thought I'd just stay home and be alone. But when dad got sick, he learned a lot. There's a lot of discrepancy between the actual experience and the report. My family this thing has happened for so long, many friends and even parents colleagues also asked: Ah, is it so? Aren't they all? Why don't you get yourself to a hospital?

It's hard to explain, and the process, it just has to go one step at a time. In the end, I didn't even want to explain. When I got the message, I replied, "Yes, thank you. ".

Finally, there is no way, every day is not the news of the epidemic, there is a message function back there. I do not leave a message, direct hair oneself ask for help card, but my card did not have a card to be turned out. My mother was disappointed to say, is not to force us to commit a crime, and then arrested, there is a chance to be isolated treatment. We're desperate enough as it is.

Every day, I encourage them to feel like, "I'm still working on it, " "keep dad going, eat without appetite" ... I'm doing their work of thought, and I'm doing my work of thought. Who wants to go out and make things worse! We all know that there are so many viruses out there, who wants to run to the hospital all day long! I had no choice.

Children Cough yesterday, I am particularly worried, but dare not take them to the hospital. What if I'm afraid they're gonNA catch it again? I worked with a guy whose father got infected with this virus and left in six days. He didn't stand a chance. I'm really scared.

If we go through the proper channels, we'll have to wait, but we can't.

I keep in touch with my classmates. The classmate's mother and my father were colleagues at a daily newspaper in Florida, and they lived in the same apartment building.

We've known each other since we were kids, and we were in the same class, and because we knew each other, I always talked about it with her. She's been helping me out, too. Cousin reminded me of a few days ago, said someone through the unit, found a bed. I told my dad about it on the phone.

The classmate's mother simply pulled me into the work group of my father's unit. The uncles, who had watched me grow up, were surprised to learn that my father was in such bad shape. They had no idea. Not Even my dad's next-door neighbor.

One of them has an uncle who might be able to help. He reassured me by asking briefly about the street. Another uncle also helped and kept calling to inquire about the situation. And that's when it became clear. We got a bed, we got a car, we got my dad and a couple of other patients out of here.

■ Dad was carrying a dark suitcase with groceries and a change of clothes. He just got into the ambulance. I'm relieved that Dad's in union and Western.

Looking back, I think my father's infection might have something to do with his shopping years ago. During that time, Dad often took the subway, but also went to the market, ready to buy a whole chicken to ancestor worship. I listened at that time, very nervous: All when to turn to the big market? The big market is the most dangerous place! My Dad has COPD, which makes him susceptible. At this time of year, he coughs.

I'm really worried about my mom and my husband. They're direct contacts. Mom Lives with Dad, looks after him. Husband these days take them to run this hospital, that hospital, all in a car. We don't have suits, we can't buy alcohol, masks are scarce. My husband comes home every day and gets his own room. I spray 84 at home every day, over and over again.

I gave my mom Lianhua Qingwen capsules and Oseltamivir to boost her resistance. She's got bad lungs, too. I'm afraid she's got an infection. Husband these days in a low-grade fever, cough. I was so worried.

We also plan to go to the hospital to have an examination, but this period of time runs too tired, every day nerve high strain, the body is very tired, slows two days to go again.

8 February

The hospital had room and board, the doctor made daily rounds, and the father had his blood tested. They were treated with the National Institutes of Health's Fifth Protocol, Abidor, which dad took orally every day. It's an isolation ward. We can't touch it. Dad and I talk on the phone once a day. I heard his voice and felt fine, but dad said the medicine made him feel sick and he was having a bit of a reaction. He didn't urinate very much yesterday. I'm a little worried. He's still on oxygen.

Dad's in the hospital, and mom's worried all the time. She was home alone, under quarantine, a father in the oxygen, very nervous. She watches the news every day. She calls me if anything changes.

I did everything I could. It's up to dad. He'll have a chance to get his ivig before he's isolated. Not Anymore. It's hard to get, so when I do, I'll find a way to get it to him.

January 30, my husband cough is more severe, he took my father to the South Central Hospital, to their own hang a normal number, a Ct.. At the time, the doctor said it wasn't a big deal, just stay home and take your medicine.

This morning, I took my mother to have a look. We didn't have alcohol or anything to sterilize it, so we were afraid to drive, and it took us 40 minutes to get there. However, the hospital does not do CT, now can only go to the designated hospital, or reported to the community. Let's just observe ourselves at home.

Fortunately, my husband's fever has broken.

13 February

Dad's been in bad shape. He doesn't want to eat, he doesn't pee or poop properly. We sent him nine vials of Immunoglobulin, which we were going to do in three days, but after taking it to the nurse, we did six vials the first day, three vials the next day, and we ran out in two days. His fever and cough were the same, but his spirits were better, and he spoke with strength.

IVIG was off for two days, and dad was crashing again. The doctor called this morning to say that the next step of the treatment plan had been discussed by the panel and that they needed to intubate. They said Dad was wearing a respirator, but his oxygen level wasn't going up, and they asked us to keep sending immunoglobulins. The IVIG went up by a few dozen, and it's hard to get, so I don't know if I can get it today.

There are three people in one ward of the hospital. Dad usually eat sick meal, in the morning there is millet porridge, eggs and so on. He didn't ask us to deliver food, so he pushed us to deliver medicine.

I spoke to my dad today, too, but he was out of breath, said a few words, and was in a hurry for us to deliver medicine. In addition to Immunoglobulins, dad had US deliver a bunch of anti-inflammatories. He said, "wouldn't I lose my temper if I got a tube in? " He thought it was getting worse.

My Dad also called my mom and asked her to pack up the Family Medicine. My Mom's in a hurry. She can't go out. It's a gated community. You need a pass to get out.

I thought the worst, but I didn't want it to happen. There are people older than dad who are getting out of the hospital, and I still think there's hope. I cheer him up every day.

The two children remembered to ask: "Is GRANDPA GOING TO BE OK? Is GRANDPA OK? "

18 February

Dad went to Rehab on February 13, and I never heard from the doctor again. I default to "no news is good news" . In order to divert attention, I took the initiative to assume the community egg group leader's work.

21 February

The attending called to tell me that dad had left. Two days ago, we sent a bunch of pads to the nurses. It was so sudden... I thought it was fake news.

Before my husband went to the hospital, he asked me, "what do I need to get back? " I said, "Dad took it with him. ". When Dad was in the hospital, he took his ID card, his health insurance card, and all he got back was his cell phone, his health insurance card, and his death certificate. The clothes were all disposed of.

When Dad went to the hospital, we lost sight of him. We never did. After you intubate, call the hospital. Either there's no answer or the line's busy. No one saw me off when I left.

11 March

The funeral home called to confirm some of his information.

March 13th

After all this time, I still can't post my dad's death on my facebook page. I haven't told mom yet. I don't know how to tell her.

MOM lives alone. We can't get through. She can't get out. She kind of figured it out, but she didn't tell me. One day the community to her food, she asked me half a day "general what people give us food. ". I said, "now the policy is better, the community is required to check every house, I reported your information, they gave you food. " After that time, she never asked about dad. We're all afraid to break the news.

It's been so long... and I feel so bad, but what can I do? I can only hope for the best. We don't have it all.

At the end of December, my circle of friends and associates had received warnings from doctors, and I had even seen the documents issued by their hospital to secretly investigate contacts at the south China Seafood Market. Now we're all waiting for a more responsible outcome.

These two days someone contact me, I know that there are a lot of things to do after, including choosing a cemetery, as well as some of my father's unit. I told my dad's old colleagues, and I told them not to tell mom.

After Wuhan is unsealed, I'll finish my father's work.

For more outbreak stories, click "read the original Article" in the lower left corner.

The new type of pneumonia is affecting people's hearts,

"In the world" is now available to National Netizens:

(1) video diary of the epidemic area
If you're in an infected area,
Please use photos (video) and written records
Everything you hear and see
No less than 3 photos
Text not less than 300 words
How to contribute: Zairenjianliving

(2) true story of the fight against the epidemic
Whether you're a first-line paramedic, a volunteer,
Confirmed or suspected patients and their family members, discharged patients, etc. ,
If you want to tell the story of the outbreak,
Please contact Zairenjian living on Wechat

The new type of pneumonia is affecting people's hearts,

"In the world" is now available to National Netizens:

(1) video diary of the epidemic area

If you're in an infected area,

Please use photos (video) and written records

Everything you hear and see

No less than 3 photos

Text not less than 300 words

How to contribute: Zairenjianliving

(2) true story of the fight against the epidemic

Whether you're a first-line paramedic, a volunteer,

Confirmed or suspected patients and their family members, discharged patients, etc. ,

If you want to tell the story of the outbreak,

Please contact Zairenjian living on Wechat

Go to "discover"-"take a look" browse "friends watching"

Sent

####Send it to take a look

Sending

A scan of wechat
Pay attention to the account


-------------
title: It's been 25 days since my father died, and I haven't told my mother
source: zai-ren-jian-living（-ge-ti-）
authors: _
editors: _
proofreader: _
photographer: _
translator: _
via: https://github.com/2019ncovmemory/nCovMemory
link: https://mp.weixin.qq.com/s/Y1OPeNICpS-k5l7l3-UYSA
archive: http://archive.is/0tnw4
snapshot: https://github.com/2019ncovmemory/nCovMemory/blob/master/archive/jpg/3580.jpg
lead: In the spring of 2020, I lost my dad.
cover: data:image/jpeg;base64,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
