##The isolation of a divorced couple living in the same room

Micro Signal thelivings

The function introduction, reconstructs our life with the narrative beauty.

She thought she would never forgive this man named Li Ziqiang in her life. Did not think of a plague, so that a person who seems never wrong learned to say sorry, also let a person who never thought will forgive, began to seriously consider whether to answer each other a "never mind. ".

Photo: still from home on the ramp

On the morning of January 22, Juanzi received a telephone call from her mother, asking when she would have a holiday. Juanzi knew the old man was thinking of her -- as if her mother had survived two brain surgeries last year for a brain tumor, but her body had recovered and her character had grown sentimental after Python.
Sister Juanzi is originally from Jinzhou. She and her second sister came to Shenyang in the early 1990s to start a family here. The elder sister's family is in Jinzhou, her mother is in the countryside. The cottage in the country is cold in winter, so every winter, the old man will take turns to live in the home of the three sisters, this year the turn to come to the second sister's home.
Juanzi received a phone call from her mother, just completed the separation procedures in the unit. Unlike many of her colleagues who left for a better future, Juanzi, 42, was forced to leave: two months ago, she was on the morning shift when she witnessed her boss and a female colleague in the office, the female colleague relied on this relationship with the leadership, bossing Juanzi around, consciously or unconsciously calling on other colleagues in the company to isolate her.
Juanzi knew that the woman's ultimate goal was to force her to leave. But she didn't dare to leave. In the current economic environment, it's not easy for her to find her ideal job again at her age.
What can not be told to outsiders is that she and Li Ziqiang agreed to divorce early last year. They have only one house in their names, and can not separate their property for the time being. Moreover, their daughter is about to enter her senior year of high school, so the couple set themselves up as a lock-in until the end of the Gaokao.
In order to live smoothly after the divorce, late last year, Juanzi will own one hundred thousand "old capital" and two sisters to borrow eighty thousand together, the loan took a commercial housing outside the third ring road in Shenyang. More than 100 flat water is a house, a monthly mortgage of more than 2,000 yuan. Juanzi thought this year to do a great job, pay off the loan, had better be able to save decoration costs, until her daughter after the college entrance examination, she can and her ex-husband completely draw a line in the sand, finally to be able to fight more red, let Li Ziqiang and his family see!
Therefore, no matter how the female colleagues Pester, Juanzi would rather endure a moment, step back, never angrily quit.
It can be said that a coincidence, just a few days after New Year's Day, a friend to Juanzi Zhang ye extended an olive branch. Zhang Ye has been doing industry, home is solid, years later want to follow the trend of a new media company. Juanzi has been running in the traditional media, outdoor media and new media, is experienced. Zhang Ye promise to Juanzi: The original base salary of two times, plus commission, "if the profits after six months, you can also participate in the company dividends. ".
Juanzi is almost running with tears, sent a friend to understand their own circle: if God closed a door for you, will open a window for you. She thought life was about to buck up and smile at her, so she handed in her resignation.
When she got the call from her mother, Juanzi said cheerfully to the old man that she would accompany her well this year. Then, he took his daughter to the second sister's house.
Sister brother-in-law couple have not holiday, that afternoon, Juanzi let the daughter stay at home review, with two nephews go out to buy New Year goods, and then to buy some medicine for the mother. However, to the pharmacy, heard several people want to buy masks, but was told by the shopkeeper mask and alcohol has been sold out. At that time Juanzi and her second nephew did not wear masks, the knowledge of pneumonia still stuck in the headlines, but that moment, Juanzi realized, this seemingly calm city has been secretly surging.
Fortunately, another chain of large pharmacies a sufficient supply of disposable face masks, 10 yuan a pack, Juanzi gritted her teeth and bought three packs. She wanted to keep one bag for herself and give the other two to her sister's family. 60 masks would be enough.
The city can be closed the next day in Wuhan, the next day in Shenyang bus line has also stopped running. At the beginning, Juanzi was still very lucky. She could not stay at her second sister's house. "Should Shenyang also close the city? " So, after lunch, Juanzi took her daughter home.

Juanzi mother and daughter into the home, the original said to accompany the mother of Li Ziqiang has also been home.
Li Ziqiang is the product manager of the bank. He usually goes to work during the Spring Festival. To see his ex-wife and daughter back, li Ziqiang also self-care to explain: "early this morning, there are old men and women one after another to collect their pensions, these old people can no matter what virus is not virus, infection is not infectious, some people do not even wear a mask, no matter what the safe distance, all crowded together, the leadership does not listen. ". The head of the emergency request above, called off the offline business, in addition to the person on duty, we all have a holiday..."
Juanzi nodded, not much more so -- for many years they were in this state. Li added that the outbreak appeared to be quite serious and that "in addition to the hours I have to work, I will also stay at home and wait until the situation stabilizes. ".
Juanzi went back to her room with a "Hmmm" . She did not panic at this time, thought, anyway is a holiday, all wait until the eighth day. "Now, " joked another member of the group, "I'm at home, taking a nap in response to the national call. ".
The only thing that made Juanzi feel uncomfortable was that Li Ziqiang had to stay at home for a long time -- before that, they didn't eat at a table, ate breakfast separately, and had lunch at work, night Daughter in school dinner, Evening Self-study, Li Ziqiang is not working overtime or go out with friends, every day very late home, home is also a person stuffy in the room playing mobile phones, playing games. She can handle her own dinner.
After this "epidemic" , the two people met more time poured up. Because of the daughter, also can only sit together to eat. If one person cooks, the other does the dishes. Food on the table, most of the TV is open, and then can only hear the voice of the bowl chopsticks, two people eat in a hurry, and each go back to the house.
Occasionally, Li Ziqiang wandered from Juanzi's door to his daughter's, and no one said a word to him. The daughter comes out to go to the toilet to see him, unexpectedly resemble the Ghost in broad daylight, half jest half serious ground says to him: "Alas, Dad, you are at home? I thought you were not at home, this gave me a big fright. "
The daughter finished saying to smile to walk away, Juanzi saw Li Ziqiang's facial expression is quite ugly. But in the heart also not sympathizes, these years, he really already was this family "the outsider" .
The next day, Li Ziqiang did not let Juanzi and his daughter again downstairs, said the epidemic intensified, with food bought by him. Juanzi did not refuse, living expenses, food costs, she and Li Ziqiang are equally divided. When it comes to personal items, Juanzi gives Li Ziqiang a red envelope and asks him to buy it for her.

On January 28, Li Ziqiang said after returning home, the community has implemented the entrance control, in addition to the community on duty personnel, there is a police car 24 hours parked not far away to be on guard.
It was the fourth day of the eighth lunar month, but the situation was getting worse and worse, and Juanzi was a little confused. She asked former colleagues can start on the eighth as scheduled, the other side said that the company has issued a notice, the eighth can not rework, but can work online. The daughter's head teacher also sent a message from the class: According to the Shenyang Education Commission, all students can not go back to school and participate in any form of offline remedial classes.
Juanzi was responding like other parents to "received, " when Zhang Ye also sent out a message on Wechat, saying that his company had been told it could not resume work for the time being, and some of the migrant workers could not return, "As for the original intention of the new media companies can only be put back indefinitely. ".
Juanzi heart a sink, but also had to say: "The situation forced, this is who would not think of things, no way. " By the way, asked Zhang Ye, this period of time will the wages of employees as usual.
"Of course they are! What can we do? " Zhang said. "The government has ordered that salaries be paid during the epidemic. To tell you the truth, I spend more than 2.3 million yuan on salaries every month. It gives me a headache to think about. "
Put the phone down, Juanzi couldn't sit still, feeling anxious as if she was dying to put off her mortgage. She and Li Ziqiang have been financially independent since the day of their divorce. In order to buy a house, she almost all of it, leaving only more than 3,000 yuan of liquidity. If Shenyang can not resume work in March, Zhang Ye capital turnover is not good, do not want to engage in new media company, what can she do?
In the evening, Juanzi tossed and turned in her bed. She could not get over it, and felt that her fate was really unfair to her. She felt herself to be a woman worthy of fate —— A woman who was young and old at home, born in the countryside, not exactly pampered; who worked hard at school, married after college, had a family, worked for a living, educated her children, she was working her butt off, as if last year, she was working her ass off, as a media planner, as a client that no one else could serve, she went on, as soon as someone else was working overtime, she was willing to take on any project that no one else wanted to change, she's been up all night making changes. Several Times at work, she missed her stop on the bus.
Isn't she working so hard to get out of the divorce-and-stay-at-home situation as quickly as possible, so that her ex-husband and ex-mother-in-law don't look down on her and want to stand up for herself?
Thought of here, Juanzi turned over a body, just heard Li Ziqiang light snoring in the next room.

Juanzi and Li Ziqiang were free lovers. At that time people still have very serious urban and rural concept, Juanzi is a rural household registration, Li Ziqiang is a Shenyang native. Li Ziqiang's parents are afraid that Juanzi is to jump out of the agricultural gate, want that piece of paper Urban Hukou only with his son, so firmly do not agree with them together. Li Ziqiang finally took out the Hukou Ben and went to register with Juanzi.
For the first year of their marriage, they were thick as thieves. Can Li Ziqiang's parents three days two days to the door, also scolded Juanzi is cheating marriage. Juanzi has a strong personality, is young and unpatient, and is determined not to bow to her in-laws. Li Ziqiang, in addition to being tough with his parents when he stole the Hukou, will always be submissive when it comes to conflicts between his mother-in-law and daughter-in-law, on several occasions, he has clearly sided with his parents.
Li Ziqiang said to Juanzi, "we are sons and daughters. What's wrong with giving way to an old man? Does the family still have to divide up the innocent and make a right and wrong like going to court? What can a daughter-in-law say something soft to her in-laws? "
Juanzi, however, thought that she was not wrong. She had no relatives in Shenyang except a second sister. Li Ziqiang, as her closest person, could not protect her completely. This made her disappointed with Li Ziqiang and even their feelings.
More chilling to Juanzi was that her daughter was born only two days later, and she was extremely weak. She heard from the nurse's whispering that her in-laws had secretly given Li Ziqiang and her daughter a paternity test, "rural people will do anything for an urban Hukou, " he said.
She lies on the sickbed, is angry all over trembles, waits for the sickroom when nobody questions Li Ziqiang. Li Ziqiang first is a Leng, and then comfort her said, he cooperated with his parents, is to want to pacify people, "the old man and Old Lady must do that, do not quarrel with me. ".
Juanzi's heart was cold as a lump, to Li Ziqiang Sarcasm: "You should not find a daughter-in-law to marry, you should live with your parents your whole life, if it is not possible, you marry your sister, so fat water does not flow out of the country, save you harm others, but also save you all day long suspicious, always worried about being cheated! "
The words of the heart let Li Ziqiang face white, scold Juanzi said "is not human words. ". Juanzi's mouth also not spare people: "Your family did not personnel, I really blind will marry you. "
Li Ziqiang also outspoken: "No one forced you to marry me. If you are willing to leave, you leave now no one to stop you. "
The incident caused a rift between the two, and the arrival of their daughter not only did not make their relationship any better, but it also made bickering a common occurrence because of the extra chores. As soon as Li Ziqiang's parents learned that their son and daughter-in-law were quarreling, they joined in. They often scolded their son for rushing into a marriage regardless of their obstruction. "there will be no peace in the next family. Why should this marriage be maintained? "
In this chicken feather, perhaps Li Ziqiang also had doubts about the original choice, more and more with Juanzi tit for tat, a not let.

Suddenly, my daughter was four years old.
One day Juanzi asked her daughter to review the English words in the morning class. She pursed her lips and said, "don't let your mother take care of you. ". Juanzi asked, "why don't you let your mother take care of you? "
"GRANDPA said that my family name is Li and my father's name is Li. You are a foreigner and you are not one of us. Grandpa told me that I don't need to listen to my mother. "
Juanzi is naturally furious, immediately to still at work, Li Ziqiang call, let him go home immediately. Li Ziqiang asked for leave to come back, heard his wife hysterical questioning, just holding his head a word.
Juanzi see her husband refused to stand up, as a reaction, she began not to let in-laws look after the children. Her parents-in-law were not easy-going either, and they would come to their house to make trouble. Li Ziqiang is fed up, simply applied for a should not be his "foreign tune" , a walk is 3 years. During this period, with the children, the family is the size of Juanzi alone to handle.
At first, the couple also occasionally in the phone war, the distance in space to speed up the relationship between the two of them, and finally they even quarrel with no energy. Wait until 2008 Li Ziqiang from the field back to Shenyang, Juanzi mother and daughter see him no joy, Li Ziqiang see his wife and daughter, also have a strange feeling.
Li Ziqiang even more do not love to go home, said that for fear of affecting Juanzi's rest, directly moved to the empty room to live, became the internet said that a good couple by day, good neighbors by night.
When Li Ziqiang's father died in 2011, Juanzi did not attend the funeral. It brought the relationship to a boiling point. Seven years later, Juanzi's mother brain tumor surgery, Li Ziqiang also like the invisible man did not appear in his mother-in-law's ward.
In early 2019, the two divorced by mutual consent. After the divorce, Juanzi's biggest wish is that after her daughter took the college entrance examination, the two of them went their separate ways and died of old age. This so-called home, she doesn't want to stay another minute.

Thinking of the past, Juanzi's heart can not be calm for a long time. The current outbreak is so severe that it doesn't look like it will go away anytime soon. Can Not Return to work means no income, so think, Juanzi more irritable, next door purring sound seems to be more boring.
After a bad night's sleep, Juanzi fell ill with a sore throat and headache. She knew she was on fire, and worried that it was pneumonia, eat cold medicine, also took out a mask to wear, asked her daughter and her home isolation.
The daughter pulled down Juanzi's mask: "Mom, you are the common cold. ". If you do have the coronavirus now, then I must be infected. I've been studying your travel patterns, and you're not in the zone, so don't freak yourself out."
Daughter this words let Juanzi unload a lot of burden, the Li Ziqiang also echoed a few words, let Juanzi do not worry. Then, the day cooking, washing dishes, he did it in silence.
Juanzi slept well that night, the next day, Li Ziqiang has made breakfast, finished, he went to the bank on duty. Juanzi let her daughter find home vacuum cupping machine for her cupping, the daughter said, from the back of the neck to the waist up, all the place has been pulled black and red, "mom, you how come so big fire? "
Juanzi thought: Can I not get angry?
Fortunately, cupping did not live up to Juanzi's trust in it, the next day, she felt much better.

Juanzi got better these days, take the initiative to do more housework, make up for the previous two days should do.
Over the next few days, Li Ziqiang is quite attentive, cooking, washing dishes are very active. When we eat together, we occasionally say some witticisms, which make our daughter laugh. However, Juanzi or always hold a "neighbor" attitude, neither hot nor cold. She didn't want anything to do with a man who had nothing to do with her emotionally or legally.
This period of time, Juanzi more than once found Li Ziqiang secretly look at her, there are several times also want to speak and stop. In particular, she was sick that few days, her daughter came to her, Li Ziqiang do not let, "let your mother have a good rest, what things you find me. ".
But Juanzi is not willing to respond positively to what Li Ziqiang has done.

The day before the Lantern Festival is a day of rest. Juanzi and her daughter are busy all morning. Do not go to the unit of Li Ziqiang, also open the door, listen to the static, is in the brush Douyin, see the news.
On weekdays after lunch, Juanzi will take her daughter to relax for an hour, sometimes nap, sometimes watch TV, play two poker. On this day, Juanzi went to the kitchen to clean up the dishes and chopsticks, and his daughter in his bedroom to play poker.
Li pushed the door open and walked in. Juanzi and her daughter looked toward the door, as if they had never set foot in each other's room since the divorce.
Li Ziqiang is likewise a mortification, however, still stiff-necked scalp drags the slow pace to go to the front of the bed, lowers the head, asks knowingly: "What Are you doing? "
"Fight Landlord, Dad. " The daughter answers while urging Juanzi, "mom, I three belt one, you want? "
"Yes, " said Juanzi, and she played her cards.
"Girl, you are a senior, how can you still play this? The college entrance examination is coming. " Li Ziqiang could not help showing anxiety.
The daughter has just won Juanzi, is in high spirits, listen to her father said so, small mouth pucker up, a little bit reluctant.
"Just at noon, we do not play every day at noon, play also play 3, the rest of the time she is learning. " Playing Cards Juanzi round.
Li Ziqiang looked at her, paused, obviously want to have nothing to talk about: "The child results are generally you used to, all this time, you still take her to play poker, the results can be good? "
Though his tone was gentle, Juanzi, hearing this, could not help but feel angry and threw down her playing cards, straight back: "You also know is 'this time' ah? This is when you think of the Tube? Results are generally general, it is difficult to bring back to life, before you go to the foundation? "
Li Ziqiang listen to Juanzi so say, immediately put out the voice son. Juanzi also do not want to quarrel in front of the children, so put away the poker, said to her daughter: "Anyway to the third, you go to learn. "
The daughter disappointed turned out of the door, Li Ziqiang is murmuring, seems to want to say something to Juanzi, stood still for a long time. Juanzi looked up at him. "Is there anything else? "
Li Ziqiang smiled and said, "it's all right, it's all right, " and went out. There is no sunshine at the door in the afternoon, and his back is somewhat lonely.
That evening, Li Ziqiang cooked another big meal. Juanzi looked, but also are their usual favorite dishes. Juanzi thought, if not this epidemic, this summer, she and Li Ziqiang really is a stranger, this life may not be so good to eat a meal, think, also inevitable sob.
After supper, Juanzi got up to clean up the dishes. Li Ziqiang has been wandering in the kitchen door, she would not see him, continue to busy, not a word.

Shortly after 7:00 am on the morning of the Lantern Festival, Juanzi got up, put on her pajamas and went out to her room. She saw Li Ziqiang putting the big and small bags on the ground in her hands. She went out to buy Tangyuan and vegetables early in the morning, i also bought strawberries, oranges, apples and mangoes.
See Juanzi, Li Ziqiang said: "you quickly go in, the door is still open, outside cold. "
"there is fruit in the house. If you can't eat it, it will rot. Why don't you buy it after you've eaten it? "
"Don't you used to love apples? They're good apples. They're 12 yuan a catty, cold and sweet. You can have one later. "
Juanzi promised a, think, if back ten years Li Ziqiang can talk to her like this, they how come to this day? Now hear this, not a bit touched, but a bit embarrassed. "Is this a week's food? How much is it altogether? "
Juanzi didn't want Li to feel that she had taken advantage of him, a gesture and dignity she would have had if she had divorced the man who had held her back for most of her life. Li Ziqiang buried his head in the pile of vegetables and fruit in the categories, head also did not raise to say "a total of 158.2" , Juanzi turned back on the phone to Li Ziqiang turned 79.1.
This day the daughter in Juanzi Room in the morning class, Li Ziqiang from time to time to come in, one moment to wash fruit for the two Niang, another moment to ask Niang what they want to eat, he to do. He didn't stop until his daughter was late for her online class.
See Li Ziqiang's hospitality, Juanzi think of her daughter Appendicitis in the hospital, his own evening care, Li Ziqiang not only do not know to give her breakfast, replace themselves, even cell phones are turned off.
My daughter was quite rebellious in the second year of junior high school. At the record time, she went to school five days a week and had to go to school to be scolded four days a week. Juanzi worried about her daughter learn bad, can be the daughter of abuse, preaching, heart-to-heart, crying, to no avail. At that time, Juanzi spirit is flagging, once lost one's mind step hollow flash waist, pain can not move, or the neighbors help her back home. Lying in bed for 3 days before the ground, if not the second sister to take care of, Li Ziqiang did not even know Juanzi injury like this.
Juanzi is in countless expectations of her husband in vain, found that their marriage has long since died in name only. That divorce certificate, it can only be divided between two people in the legal sense of marriage.
Isn't this concern a little late again?

Juanzi do not want to continue to recall, they feel free to turn over the circle of friends. Brush a few screen, found someone selling vegetables in the circle of friends, a incubator about 12 to 14 Jin and a half, there are a variety of vegetables are a little higher than the price of the supermarket.
When she got the idea, she sent a screenshot to a friend who works in a supermarket chain. She said she also wanted to sell vegetables in the neighborhood. She asked him if she could stock and pre-package them, and she sold them at 50 / 50 profit. The other side a look, immediately full mouth promise down.
Juanzi found such business opportunities for themselves, then quickly sent friends circle, pull into the community owners group. All morning she was busy in the house, did not even eat breakfast, Li Ziqiang knocked on the door to urge her a few times, she said not hungry, later.
Around 12:00 noon, the community has more than 30 orders to her. Juanzi did a rough calculation, excluding her share to friends, this morning she can earn more than 300 yuan, is very happy.
At this time, Li Ziqiang opened the door, directly carrying a bowl came in, Juanzi full of questions. Li Ziqiang was Juanzi see all over uncomfortable, pointing to the bowl said: "eat while hot, dumplings, black sesame stuffing, I remember you used to love to eat. "
Juanzi obviously does not adapt to Li Ziqiang this transformation, Li Ziqiang estimate also see, hurriedly self-deprecation: "I rest, really idle nothing. Tangyuan did not eat can not eat, you brought in. "
Juanzi is in the Li Ziqiang under the attention of the bowl of dumplings to eat up. She knows Li Ziqiang recently some strange, but now she has no time to think more, eat dumplings, still have to keep busy selling vegetables.
Friends have put the good food to the community door, Juanzi answered the phone to the community door to pick up food, a total of 34 boxes, she let friends unload food in the door, a person wearing a mask door-to-door delivery. Some neighbors joked that she was doing both to serve the people and to make money. Juanzi smiled at them through her mask.
When Juanzi ran the second time, Li Ziqiang also came out to help. He wore a disposable mask, armed, said to Juanzi: "You tell me the address, which home, if I rest at home, I will take you. When I go to work then there is no way, only you alone to send. "
Juanzi had also wanted to refuse, but Li Ziqiang has been unable to say to move two boxes of vegetables to go in front of. Shenyang that few days under a heavy snow, the community in a vast expanse of white, community branches hanging on a thick layer of snow velvet. Juanzi took a few steps to catch up, and for the first time gave birth to a warm heart.

This evening, Li Ziqiang initiative cooking, washing dishes, Juanzi returned to his room preparing for tomorrow's food delivery affairs, by the way, also turn idle book.
In the evening, Li Ziqiang came in quietly and asked Juanzi, "what do you want? "
Juanzi was a little confused, shook her head and said, "there's nothing wrong. "
"Let's have a chat, " Li said
Juanzi closed the book and almost blurted out, "what have we got to talk about? "
Li Ziqiang's face showed an injured expression, but fleeting: "I am really bored, where also can not go, if has the place to go, I do not go home. "
Juanzi smiled. "That's true. "
Li Ziqiang sighed and sat in a chair beside him, he began to make a long speech: "before always feel you nagging, let me accompany you, I think you are particularly annoying. ". I never thought about it from your point of view. I was so busy talking to people all the time. I didn't feel the time was too long. Now I understand the loneliness and hardship of being at home alone with your children."
Juanzi looked across at the 5'8 man, as if he really didn't know what it was like to be under the age of 16 and walk around with his daughter in hospital, as if she wasn't answering her phone.
"I was watching this video, and I saw an old man in a wheelchair, and his wife ignored him and let him sit alone. I started to think it was the old lady who was incompetent! If a man is absent from his family for a long time, it is impossible for him to return to his family and enjoy his family when he is old and has nowhere to go. A home is for two people. It should not be given and run by one person."
Juanzi looked up at Li Ziqiang, he said: "You are more than 40 years old this year, I saw you work last night, only to find that you have white hair. Alas, it is for the family, for the children, worry about it. "
The words said Juanzi in the mind a burst of pan-acid, eye socket could not help but get wet.
Li Ziqiang voice also a little bit choked: "I always think, I go to work, and the system, compared to the lack, compared to more than. ". If you take money from home, you'll be a good husband. Also always feel you in the marriage insatiable, mother-in-law and daughter-in-law relationship is not good. Now that I think about it, I don't understand you. I left you alone for so many years, and I have no remorse for divorcing you. In fact, I have delayed you all your life, and I am sorry."
Li Ziqiang this words let Juanzi some at a loss, do not know what to say. How many years did Juanzi hope that she would not want to grow old with her husband when she married? Juanzi glanced to one side and wiped away her tears, remembering her previous impulsive actions.
"before the outbreak, I had no such idea. These days at home, you and daughter are not how to deal with me, as if I was an outsider in this family. I realize now that I have lost my home, my wife, and my child. You tell me, how many families have lost their families because of the epidemic, how can a wife and children like me not know how to cherish them?"
Juanzi opened her mouth. She wanted to say something back, but she felt that she had spent almost half her life in a cold home with a man who was not worthy of her trust, it's not even worth mentioning. Besides, it's too late for that. They're divorced, after all. What woman doesn't get divorced because she's got enough disappointment? Juanzi doesn't want to go back.
Li Ziqiang see Juanzi noncommittal, sit for a while and then lightly sigh, got up and left, before going out, he let Juanzi dont think much, early sleep.
Juanzi where can sleep, she hesitated again and again, or to the second sister made a phone call, just Li Ziqiang those words all say to the second sister. The second sister listened, just say: "think of him before you, really do not want you to forgive him. ". But we all make mistakes. Let's say your second brother-in-law and I used to fight when we first got married. Your second brother-in-law used to hide money from us
Second sister finally to Juanzi said, no matter what decision to make, must be careful, "if you really feel happy. ".
Juanzi does not know if her relationship with Li Ziqiang can be restored to the past. She wanted to be with him all the time when she was in love, and then she got married, and now she's here. People say inclusive, but who can really be hurt by others after forget the past, each other in the heart is not a bit gap?

The next day, Juanzi two elder sister is not sure, and to Li Ziqiang made a phone call. Did Not Expect Li Ziqiang in the phone, has said he "sorry Juanzi, these years bitter her... "
"second sister, I want to remarry Juanzi. When we got married, we were too young to know how to get along, let alone handle conflict and conflict. When it comes to mother-in-law and daughter-in-law, I love to be a deserter, and I don't want to listen to women nagging. Now she won't Nag me. She won't even talk to me. I'm not having any fun at all. Besides, I've only been home a few days, and I'm already swamped because of the outbreak. Thinking of Juanzi in the past, I took care of the children by myself and supported the family by myself. I felt like a jerk. I am an ordinary person, also can not again build what great achievement what great cause, the most beautiful thing should not be the wife, the child, hot Kang Head? How do you think I just figured that out?"
He also asked the second sister to Juanzi with a word: "The day is I have given scattered, after the rest of my life, my biggest life goal is to give this scattered day to complete. "
I don't know Juanzi's attitude. "I can and should wait, " Li said
Juanzi listened to the second sister's report and was silent for a long time. In a marriage, the worst thing a woman can do is be nice. Li Ziqiang this loyalty, unexpectedly let Juanzi feel that he did not hate him so much. However, she felt it was too early to say at this point that she would forgive or remarry.
She decided to put aside the struggle and concentrate on the delivery business first. Anyway, the future is still a long way off, their own road to walk well, I want to win, as for Li Ziqiang and there is no fate to resume the edge, leave it to the future.

After only a week of door-to-door service, Juanzi couldn't do it any more.
On Valentine's Day, Feb. 14, community workers arrived early. When they knocked on the door, Juanzi had just gotten up. Li Ziqiang was brushing his teeth. His daughter was in her room reciting English words.
The community director was a woman in her 50s, wearing a black down jacket, a transparent plastic raincoat, and a disposable surgical mask.
After opening the door, they did not enter the house either. They simply told Juanzi at the door, hoping that she would not continue to deliver food to the door in the community, "Now is not the time to make money. The government encourages people to stay at home if they don't have to. Who knows how the virus will spread to everyone? "
Juanzi wanted to explain to them, but Li Ziqiang ran behind her and promised to the community for her, they no longer send food.
Juanzi didn't know what the community workers were saying, but she couldn't help but feel anxious at the thought of her mortgage. She turned sadly into the house, settled the bill with her friend, and explained it in the market.
Li Ziqiang slipped into her room again, put a bank card on the Dresser: "Here's my pay card. ". In fact, I do not approve of you to deliver food to others, in case of infection? The disease is highly contagious. One person in the family is infected with it, which basically means 'mass extinction' . In any case, the safety and health of the whole family is the most important, and you and the children are the most important to me. "
Juanzi stared with some dismay at Li herself -- for years, each time Juanzi needed her husband most, he was absent. She had never imagined that this man would stand up for himself and his daughter in times of trouble and danger. She was surprised. She didn't know what to do.
Li Ziqiang continues to say: "The password of net silver I give you wechat to send in a short while. ". You take money from this, and you and daughter's living expenses and I no longer have to share equally, I care. As long as I have a day, you can rest assured that I will never let you two son of a wronged."
Juanzi stood up, want to refuse, she does not want to sell miserable in front of her ex-husband, more do not want to be ex-husband pity. But Li Ziqiang stopped Juanzi's words.
Juanzi, in all these years I have never really looked at our marriage, nor at you or me. When two people's marriage is in trouble, it takes two to tango, and if you're wrong, then I'm definitely not innocent. Being together all day these days, I suddenly realized how little I had done for my family. Whether we're divorced or not, whether we're together or not, whether you forgive me or not, I owe you more than one "I'm sorry. "
Finish saying this words, Li Ziqiang returned to drop a tear, return a body to walk toward a doorway. The epidemic seems to have softened the man of the northeast. Juanzi stood in front of the dressing table and saw the cards lying there, the gold numerals embossed and frayed.
Juanzi lifted her head and tried to control the tears in her eyes.
She thought she would never forgive this man named Li Ziqiang in her life. Did not think of a plague, so that a person who seems never wrong learned to say sorry, also let a person who never thought will forgive, began to seriously consider whether to answer each other a "never mind. ".

That night, Li Ziqiang came home late, and when he got home, he had a whole stack of chocolates with him. The daughter screams at the sweets for no apparent reason. Li Ziqiang did not say that those chocolates are a Valentine's Day gift to Juanzi, Juanzi did not ask, she only let her daughter to Sheng Fan, let Li Ziqiang to wash his hands, said quickly wash his hands, drink hot water to eat, otherwise the food should be cold.
My daughter danced: "I want to eat a chocolate first. "
Juanzi disagree, said that night can not eat sweets, bad for the teeth. All of a sudden, she noticed that her daughter had recently become more lively and talkative.
This Valentine's Day dinner, warm and sweet, the shadow of a family of three was drawn by the lights and Oblique Long. China is still caught in the crossfire of the epidemic. FRIEND CIRCLE SOMEBODY SAYS: Second end of Hai, Gengzi Spring, Jing Chu plague, dye tens of thousands of households. All fear, all defense, all shut down... for more than a month, may the plague be gone. For the next 100 years, peace and prosperity..
"THE PLAGUE IS GONE! " Juanzi read aloud.
Juanzi hope the epidemic as soon as possible, she also hope their hearts of the "epidemic" can go, after the rest of life, light-weight battle.
Editor | Tang Tang Tang Tang
Click to contact the human editor

Partridge, Partridge
Try to see yourself clearly,
A lover of words who tries to illuminate others

This article is the exclusive contribution of Netease News Studio, and enjoy the exclusive copyright. If you want to reprint please reply in the background.
Submitted to the living-nonfiction Writing Platform, the letters can be addressed to: thelivings@vip. 163.com  , once published articles, according to the quality of the article, will provide thousand words of 500 Yuan-1000 Yuan.
The contribution should guarantee the authenticity of the content and all the information (including but not limited to the relationship between the characters, the course of events, the development of details and so on) , and ensure that the work does not contain any fictitious content.
Other cooperation, suggestions, story clues, welcome to wechat backstage (or email) contact us.

This article is produced by Netease News International Studio

Click on the following "keywords" to view past events:
Family Violence | gym pit | birth balls
Kim Ji-young, 1982 | college girl's Junkie Boyfriend
Unemployed | undercover prison guard | married life | middle-aged man's cowardly death
Vocational School Teachers | obstetric records | remarriage | job hunting in China | three teams | The stock market dream broken
The Devil | Thelma and Louise | go to the countryside | the delivery boy | kill my goddess
People who can't take medicine | Hei in Japan | goodbye, sheriff | poor people don't deserve to be civil servants
The Ward of retired cadres | controlling crazy parents | the case of sudden death of a Family Atm son-in-law
I gave up research | female classmate | with giant baby divorce woman

She thought she would never forgive this man named Li Ziqiang in her life. Did not think of a plague, so that a person who seems never wrong learned to say sorry, also let a person who never thought will forgive, began to seriously consider whether to answer each other a "never mind. ".

Photo: still from home on the ramp

On the morning of January 22, Juanzi received a telephone call from her mother, asking when she would have a holiday. Juanzi knew the old man was thinking of her -- as if her mother had survived two brain surgeries last year for a brain tumor, but her body had recovered and her character had grown sentimental after Python.
Sister Juanzi is originally from Jinzhou. She and her second sister came to Shenyang in the early 1990s to start a family here. The elder sister's family is in Jinzhou, her mother is in the countryside. The cottage in the country is cold in winter, so every winter, the old man will take turns to live in the home of the three sisters, this year the turn to come to the second sister's home.
Juanzi received a phone call from her mother, just completed the separation procedures in the unit. Unlike many of her colleagues who left for a better future, Juanzi, 42, was forced to leave: two months ago, she was on the morning shift when she witnessed her boss and a female colleague in the office, the female colleague relied on this relationship with the leadership, bossing Juanzi around, consciously or unconsciously calling on other colleagues in the company to isolate her.
Juanzi knew that the woman's ultimate goal was to force her to leave. But she didn't dare to leave. In the current economic environment, it's not easy for her to find her ideal job again at her age.
What can not be told to outsiders is that she and Li Ziqiang agreed to divorce early last year. They have only one house in their names, and can not separate their property for the time being. Moreover, their daughter is about to enter her senior year of high school, so the couple set themselves up as a lock-in until the end of the Gaokao.
In order to live smoothly after the divorce, late last year, Juanzi will own one hundred thousand "old capital" and two sisters to borrow eighty thousand together, the loan took a commercial housing outside the third ring road in Shenyang. More than 100 flat water is a house, a monthly mortgage of more than 2,000 yuan. Juanzi thought this year to do a great job, pay off the loan, had better be able to save decoration costs, until her daughter after the college entrance examination, she can and her ex-husband completely draw a line in the sand, finally to be able to fight more red, let Li Ziqiang and his family see!
Therefore, no matter how the female colleagues Pester, Juanzi would rather endure a moment, step back, never angrily quit.
It can be said that a coincidence, just a few days after New Year's Day, a friend to Juanzi Zhang ye extended an olive branch. Zhang Ye has been doing industry, home is solid, years later want to follow the trend of a new media company. Juanzi has been running in the traditional media, outdoor media and new media, is experienced. Zhang Ye promise to Juanzi: The original base salary of two times, plus commission, "if the profits after six months, you can also participate in the company dividends. ".
Juanzi is almost running with tears, sent a friend to understand their own circle: if God closed a door for you, will open a window for you. She thought life was about to buck up and smile at her, so she handed in her resignation.
When she got the call from her mother, Juanzi said cheerfully to the old man that she would accompany her well this year. Then, he took his daughter to the second sister's house.
Sister brother-in-law couple have not holiday, that afternoon, Juanzi let the daughter stay at home review, with two nephews go out to buy New Year goods, and then to buy some medicine for the mother. However, to the pharmacy, heard several people want to buy masks, but was told by the shopkeeper mask and alcohol has been sold out. At that time Juanzi and her second nephew did not wear masks, the knowledge of pneumonia still stuck in the headlines, but that moment, Juanzi realized, this seemingly calm city has been secretly surging.
Fortunately, another chain of large pharmacies a sufficient supply of disposable face masks, 10 yuan a pack, Juanzi gritted her teeth and bought three packs. She wanted to keep one bag for herself and give the other two to her sister's family. 60 masks would be enough.
The city can be closed the next day in Wuhan, the next day in Shenyang bus line has also stopped running. At the beginning, Juanzi was still very lucky. She could not stay at her second sister's house. "Should Shenyang also close the city? " So, after lunch, Juanzi took her daughter home.

On the morning of January 22, Juanzi received a telephone call from her mother, asking when she would have a holiday. Juanzi knew the old man was thinking of her -- as if her mother had survived two brain surgeries last year for a brain tumor, but her body had recovered and her character had grown sentimental after Python.

Sister Juanzi is originally from Jinzhou. She and her second sister came to Shenyang in the early 1990s to start a family here. The elder sister's family is in Jinzhou, her mother is in the countryside. The cottage in the country is cold in winter, so every winter, the old man will take turns to live in the home of the three sisters, this year the turn to come to the second sister's home.

Juanzi received a phone call from her mother, just completed the separation procedures in the unit. Unlike many of her colleagues who left for a better future, Juanzi, 42, was forced to leave: two months ago, she was on the morning shift when she witnessed her boss and a female colleague in the office, the female colleague relied on this relationship with the leadership, bossing Juanzi around, consciously or unconsciously calling on other colleagues in the company to isolate her.

Juanzi knew that the woman's ultimate goal was to force her to leave. But she didn't dare to leave. In the current economic environment, it's not easy for her to find her ideal job again at her age.

What can not be told to outsiders is that she and Li Ziqiang agreed to divorce early last year. They have only one house in their names, and can not separate their property for the time being. Moreover, their daughter is about to enter her senior year of high school, so the couple set themselves up as a lock-in until the end of the Gaokao.

In order to live smoothly after the divorce, late last year, Juanzi will own one hundred thousand "old capital" and two sisters to borrow eighty thousand together, the loan took a commercial housing outside the third ring road in Shenyang. More than 100 flat water is a house, a monthly mortgage of more than 2,000 yuan. Juanzi thought this year to do a great job, pay off the loan, had better be able to save decoration costs, until her daughter after the college entrance examination, she can and her ex-husband completely draw a line in the sand, finally to be able to fight more red, let Li Ziqiang and his family see!

Therefore, no matter how the female colleagues Pester, Juanzi would rather endure a moment, step back, never angrily quit.

It can be said that a coincidence, just a few days after New Year's Day, a friend to Juanzi Zhang ye extended an olive branch. Zhang Ye has been doing industry, home is solid, years later want to follow the trend of a new media company. Juanzi has been running in the traditional media, outdoor media and new media, is experienced. Zhang Ye promise to Juanzi: The original base salary of two times, plus commission, "if the profits after six months, you can also participate in the company dividends. ".

Juanzi is almost running with tears, sent a friend to understand their own circle: if God closed a door for you, will open a window for you. She thought life was about to buck up and smile at her, so she handed in her resignation.

When she got the call from her mother, Juanzi said cheerfully to the old man that she would accompany her well this year. Then, he took his daughter to the second sister's house.

Sister brother-in-law couple have not holiday, that afternoon, Juanzi let the daughter stay at home review, with two nephews go out to buy New Year goods, and then to buy some medicine for the mother. However, to the pharmacy, heard several people want to buy masks, but was told by the shopkeeper mask and alcohol has been sold out. At that time Juanzi and her second nephew did not wear masks, the knowledge of pneumonia still stuck in the headlines, but that moment, Juanzi realized, this seemingly calm city has been secretly surging.

Fortunately, another chain of large pharmacies a sufficient supply of disposable face masks, 10 yuan a pack, Juanzi gritted her teeth and bought three packs. She wanted to keep one bag for herself and give the other two to her sister's family. 60 masks would be enough.

The city can be closed the next day in Wuhan, the next day in Shenyang bus line has also stopped running. At the beginning, Juanzi was still very lucky. She could not stay at her second sister's house. "Should Shenyang also close the city? " So, after lunch, Juanzi took her daughter home.

Juanzi mother and daughter into the home, the original said to accompany the mother of Li Ziqiang has also been home.
Li Ziqiang is the product manager of the bank. He usually goes to work during the Spring Festival. To see his ex-wife and daughter back, li Ziqiang also self-care to explain: "early this morning, there are old men and women one after another to collect their pensions, these old people can no matter what virus is not virus, infection is not infectious, some people do not even wear a mask, no matter what the safe distance, all crowded together, the leadership does not listen. ". The head of the emergency request above, called off the offline business, in addition to the person on duty, we all have a holiday..."
Juanzi nodded, not much more so -- for many years they were in this state. Li added that the outbreak appeared to be quite serious and that "in addition to the hours I have to work, I will also stay at home and wait until the situation stabilizes. ".
Juanzi went back to her room with a "Hmmm" . She did not panic at this time, thought, anyway is a holiday, all wait until the eighth day. "Now, " joked another member of the group, "I'm at home, taking a nap in response to the national call. ".
The only thing that made Juanzi feel uncomfortable was that Li Ziqiang had to stay at home for a long time -- before that, they didn't eat at a table, ate breakfast separately, and had lunch at work, night Daughter in school dinner, Evening Self-study, Li Ziqiang is not working overtime or go out with friends, every day very late home, home is also a person stuffy in the room playing mobile phones, playing games. She can handle her own dinner.
After this "epidemic" , the two people met more time poured up. Because of the daughter, also can only sit together to eat. If one person cooks, the other does the dishes. Food on the table, most of the TV is open, and then can only hear the voice of the bowl chopsticks, two people eat in a hurry, and each go back to the house.
Occasionally, Li Ziqiang wandered from Juanzi's door to his daughter's, and no one said a word to him. The daughter comes out to go to the toilet to see him, unexpectedly resemble the Ghost in broad daylight, half jest half serious ground says to him: "Alas, Dad, you are at home? I thought you were not at home, this gave me a big fright. "
The daughter finished saying to smile to walk away, Juanzi saw Li Ziqiang's facial expression is quite ugly. But in the heart also not sympathizes, these years, he really already was this family "the outsider" .
The next day, Li Ziqiang did not let Juanzi and his daughter again downstairs, said the epidemic intensified, with food bought by him. Juanzi did not refuse, living expenses, food costs, she and Li Ziqiang are equally divided. When it comes to personal items, Juanzi gives Li Ziqiang a red envelope and asks him to buy it for her.

Juanzi mother and daughter into the home, the original said to accompany the mother of Li Ziqiang has also been home.

Li Ziqiang is the product manager of the bank. He usually goes to work during the Spring Festival. To see his ex-wife and daughter back, li Ziqiang also self-care to explain: "early this morning, there are old men and women one after another to collect their pensions, these old people can no matter what virus is not virus, infection is not infectious, some people do not even wear a mask, no matter what the safe distance, all crowded together, the leadership does not listen. ". The head of the emergency request above, called off the offline business, in addition to the person on duty, we all have a holiday..."

Juanzi nodded, not much more so -- for many years they were in this state. Li added that the outbreak appeared to be quite serious and that "in addition to the hours I have to work, I will also stay at home and wait until the situation stabilizes. ".

Juanzi went back to her room with a "Hmmm" . She did not panic at this time, thought, anyway is a holiday, all wait until the eighth day. "Now, " joked another member of the group, "I'm at home, taking a nap in response to the national call. ".

The only thing that made Juanzi feel uncomfortable was that Li Ziqiang had to stay at home for a long time -- before that, they didn't eat at a table, ate breakfast separately, and had lunch at work, night Daughter in school dinner, Evening Self-study, Li Ziqiang is not working overtime or go out with friends, every day very late home, home is also a person stuffy in the room playing mobile phones, playing games. She can handle her own dinner.

After this "epidemic" , the two people met more time poured up. Because of the daughter, also can only sit together to eat. If one person cooks, the other does the dishes. Food on the table, most of the TV is open, and then can only hear the voice of the bowl chopsticks, two people eat in a hurry, and each go back to the house.

Occasionally, Li Ziqiang wandered from Juanzi's door to his daughter's, and no one said a word to him. The daughter comes out to go to the toilet to see him, unexpectedly resemble the Ghost in broad daylight, half jest half serious ground says to him: "Alas, Dad, you are at home? I thought you were not at home, this gave me a big fright. "

The daughter finished saying to smile to walk away, Juanzi saw Li Ziqiang's facial expression is quite ugly. But in the heart also not sympathizes, these years, he really already was this family "the outsider" .

The next day, Li Ziqiang did not let Juanzi and his daughter again downstairs, said the epidemic intensified, with food bought by him. Juanzi did not refuse, living expenses, food costs, she and Li Ziqiang are equally divided. When it comes to personal items, Juanzi gives Li Ziqiang a red envelope and asks him to buy it for her.

On January 28, Li Ziqiang said after returning home, the community has implemented the entrance control, in addition to the community on duty personnel, there is a police car 24 hours parked not far away to be on guard.
It was the fourth day of the eighth lunar month, but the situation was getting worse and worse, and Juanzi was a little confused. She asked former colleagues can start on the eighth as scheduled, the other side said that the company has issued a notice, the eighth can not rework, but can work online. The daughter's head teacher also sent a message from the class: According to the Shenyang Education Commission, all students can not go back to school and participate in any form of offline remedial classes.
Juanzi was responding like other parents to "received, " when Zhang Ye also sent out a message on Wechat, saying that his company had been told it could not resume work for the time being, and some of the migrant workers could not return, "As for the original intention of the new media companies can only be put back indefinitely. ".
Juanzi heart a sink, but also had to say: "The situation forced, this is who would not think of things, no way. " By the way, asked Zhang Ye, this period of time will the wages of employees as usual.
"Of course they are! What can we do? " Zhang said. "The government has ordered that salaries be paid during the epidemic. To tell you the truth, I spend more than 2.3 million yuan on salaries every month. It gives me a headache to think about. "
Put the phone down, Juanzi couldn't sit still, feeling anxious as if she was dying to put off her mortgage. She and Li Ziqiang have been financially independent since the day of their divorce. In order to buy a house, she almost all of it, leaving only more than 3,000 yuan of liquidity. If Shenyang can not resume work in March, Zhang Ye capital turnover is not good, do not want to engage in new media company, what can she do?
In the evening, Juanzi tossed and turned in her bed. She could not get over it, and felt that her fate was really unfair to her. She felt herself to be a woman worthy of fate —— A woman who was young and old at home, born in the countryside, not exactly pampered; who worked hard at school, married after college, had a family, worked for a living, educated her children, she was working her butt off, as if last year, she was working her ass off, as a media planner, as a client that no one else could serve, she went on, as soon as someone else was working overtime, she was willing to take on any project that no one else wanted to change, she's been up all night making changes. Several Times at work, she missed her stop on the bus.
Isn't she working so hard to get out of the divorce-and-stay-at-home situation as quickly as possible, so that her ex-husband and ex-mother-in-law don't look down on her and want to stand up for herself?
Thought of here, Juanzi turned over a body, just heard Li Ziqiang light snoring in the next room.

On January 28, Li Ziqiang said after returning home, the community has implemented the entrance control, in addition to the community on duty personnel, there is a police car 24 hours parked not far away to be on guard.

It was the fourth day of the eighth lunar month, but the situation was getting worse and worse, and Juanzi was a little confused. She asked former colleagues can start on the eighth as scheduled, the other side said that the company has issued a notice, the eighth can not rework, but can work online. The daughter's head teacher also sent a message from the class: According to the Shenyang Education Commission, all students can not go back to school and participate in any form of offline remedial classes.

Juanzi was responding like other parents to "received, " when Zhang Ye also sent out a message on Wechat, saying that his company had been told it could not resume work for the time being, and some of the migrant workers could not return, "As for the original intention of the new media companies can only be put back indefinitely. ".

Juanzi heart a sink, but also had to say: "The situation forced, this is who would not think of things, no way. " By the way, asked Zhang Ye, this period of time will the wages of employees as usual.

"Of course they are! What can we do? " Zhang said. "The government has ordered that salaries be paid during the epidemic. To tell you the truth, I spend more than 2.3 million yuan on salaries every month. It gives me a headache to think about. "

Put the phone down, Juanzi couldn't sit still, feeling anxious as if she was dying to put off her mortgage. She and Li Ziqiang have been financially independent since the day of their divorce. In order to buy a house, she almost all of it, leaving only more than 3,000 yuan of liquidity. If Shenyang can not resume work in March, Zhang Ye capital turnover is not good, do not want to engage in new media company, what can she do?

In the evening, Juanzi tossed and turned in her bed. She could not get over it, and felt that her fate was really unfair to her. She felt herself to be a woman worthy of fate —— A woman who was young and old at home, born in the countryside, not exactly pampered; who worked hard at school, married after college, had a family, worked for a living, educated her children, she was working her butt off, as if last year, she was working her ass off, as a media planner, as a client that no one else could serve, she went on, as soon as someone else was working overtime, she was willing to take on any project that no one else wanted to change, she's been up all night making changes. Several Times at work, she missed her stop on the bus.

Isn't she working so hard to get out of the divorce-and-stay-at-home situation as quickly as possible, so that her ex-husband and ex-mother-in-law don't look down on her and want to stand up for herself?

Thought of here, Juanzi turned over a body, just heard Li Ziqiang light snoring in the next room.

Juanzi and Li Ziqiang were free lovers. At that time people still have very serious urban and rural concept, Juanzi is a rural household registration, Li Ziqiang is a Shenyang native. Li Ziqiang's parents are afraid that Juanzi is to jump out of the agricultural gate, want that piece of paper Urban Hukou only with his son, so firmly do not agree with them together. Li Ziqiang finally took out the Hukou Ben and went to register with Juanzi.
For the first year of their marriage, they were thick as thieves. Can Li Ziqiang's parents three days two days to the door, also scolded Juanzi is cheating marriage. Juanzi has a strong personality, is young and unpatient, and is determined not to bow to her in-laws. Li Ziqiang, in addition to being tough with his parents when he stole the Hukou, will always be submissive when it comes to conflicts between his mother-in-law and daughter-in-law, on several occasions, he has clearly sided with his parents.
Li Ziqiang said to Juanzi, "we are sons and daughters. What's wrong with giving way to an old man? Does the family still have to divide up the innocent and make a right and wrong like going to court? What can a daughter-in-law say something soft to her in-laws? "
Juanzi, however, thought that she was not wrong. She had no relatives in Shenyang except a second sister. Li Ziqiang, as her closest person, could not protect her completely. This made her disappointed with Li Ziqiang and even their feelings.
More chilling to Juanzi was that her daughter was born only two days later, and she was extremely weak. She heard from the nurse's whispering that her in-laws had secretly given Li Ziqiang and her daughter a paternity test, "rural people will do anything for an urban Hukou, " he said.
She lies on the sickbed, is angry all over trembles, waits for the sickroom when nobody questions Li Ziqiang. Li Ziqiang first is a Leng, and then comfort her said, he cooperated with his parents, is to want to pacify people, "the old man and Old Lady must do that, do not quarrel with me. ".
Juanzi's heart was cold as a lump, to Li Ziqiang Sarcasm: "You should not find a daughter-in-law to marry, you should live with your parents your whole life, if it is not possible, you marry your sister, so fat water does not flow out of the country, save you harm others, but also save you all day long suspicious, always worried about being cheated! "
The words of the heart let Li Ziqiang face white, scold Juanzi said "is not human words. ". Juanzi's mouth also not spare people: "Your family did not personnel, I really blind will marry you. "
Li Ziqiang also outspoken: "No one forced you to marry me. If you are willing to leave, you leave now no one to stop you. "
The incident caused a rift between the two, and the arrival of their daughter not only did not make their relationship any better, but it also made bickering a common occurrence because of the extra chores. As soon as Li Ziqiang's parents learned that their son and daughter-in-law were quarreling, they joined in. They often scolded their son for rushing into a marriage regardless of their obstruction. "there will be no peace in the next family. Why should this marriage be maintained? "
In this chicken feather, perhaps Li Ziqiang also had doubts about the original choice, more and more with Juanzi tit for tat, a not let.

Juanzi and Li Ziqiang were free lovers. At that time people still have very serious urban and rural concept, Juanzi is a rural household registration, Li Ziqiang is a Shenyang native. Li Ziqiang's parents are afraid that Juanzi is to jump out of the agricultural gate, want that piece of paper Urban Hukou only with his son, so firmly do not agree with them together. Li Ziqiang finally took out the Hukou Ben and went to register with Juanzi.

For the first year of their marriage, they were thick as thieves. Can Li Ziqiang's parents three days two days to the door, also scolded Juanzi is cheating marriage. Juanzi has a strong personality, is young and unpatient, and is determined not to bow to her in-laws. Li Ziqiang, in addition to being tough with his parents when he stole the Hukou, will always be submissive when it comes to conflicts between his mother-in-law and daughter-in-law, on several occasions, he has clearly sided with his parents.

Li Ziqiang said to Juanzi, "we are sons and daughters. What's wrong with giving way to an old man? Does the family still have to divide up the innocent and make a right and wrong like going to court? What can a daughter-in-law say something soft to her in-laws? "

Juanzi, however, thought that she was not wrong. She had no relatives in Shenyang except a second sister. Li Ziqiang, as her closest person, could not protect her completely. This made her disappointed with Li Ziqiang and even their feelings.

More chilling to Juanzi was that her daughter was born only two days later, and she was extremely weak. She heard from the nurse's whispering that her in-laws had secretly given Li Ziqiang and her daughter a paternity test, "rural people will do anything for an urban Hukou, " he said.

She lies on the sickbed, is angry all over trembles, waits for the sickroom when nobody questions Li Ziqiang. Li Ziqiang first is a Leng, and then comfort her said, he cooperated with his parents, is to want to pacify people, "the old man and Old Lady must do that, do not quarrel with me. ".

Juanzi's heart was cold as a lump, to Li Ziqiang Sarcasm: "You should not find a daughter-in-law to marry, you should live with your parents your whole life, if it is not possible, you marry your sister, so fat water does not flow out of the country, save you harm others, but also save you all day long suspicious, always worried about being cheated! "

The words of the heart let Li Ziqiang face white, scold Juanzi said "is not human words. ". Juanzi's mouth also not spare people: "Your family did not personnel, I really blind will marry you. "

Li Ziqiang also outspoken: "No one forced you to marry me. If you are willing to leave, you leave now no one to stop you. "

The incident caused a rift between the two, and the arrival of their daughter not only did not make their relationship any better, but it also made bickering a common occurrence because of the extra chores. As soon as Li Ziqiang's parents learned that their son and daughter-in-law were quarreling, they joined in. They often scolded their son for rushing into a marriage regardless of their obstruction. "there will be no peace in the next family. Why should this marriage be maintained? "

In this chicken feather, perhaps Li Ziqiang also had doubts about the original choice, more and more with Juanzi tit for tat, a not let.

Suddenly, my daughter was four years old.
One day Juanzi asked her daughter to review the English words in the morning class. She pursed her lips and said, "don't let your mother take care of you. ". Juanzi asked, "why don't you let your mother take care of you? "
"GRANDPA said that my family name is Li and my father's name is Li. You are a foreigner and you are not one of us. Grandpa told me that I don't need to listen to my mother. "
Juanzi is naturally furious, immediately to still at work, Li Ziqiang call, let him go home immediately. Li Ziqiang asked for leave to come back, heard his wife hysterical questioning, just holding his head a word.
Juanzi see her husband refused to stand up, as a reaction, she began not to let in-laws look after the children. Her parents-in-law were not easy-going either, and they would come to their house to make trouble. Li Ziqiang is fed up, simply applied for a should not be his "foreign tune" , a walk is 3 years. During this period, with the children, the family is the size of Juanzi alone to handle.
At first, the couple also occasionally in the phone war, the distance in space to speed up the relationship between the two of them, and finally they even quarrel with no energy. Wait until 2008 Li Ziqiang from the field back to Shenyang, Juanzi mother and daughter see him no joy, Li Ziqiang see his wife and daughter, also have a strange feeling.
Li Ziqiang even more do not love to go home, said that for fear of affecting Juanzi's rest, directly moved to the empty room to live, became the internet said that a good couple by day, good neighbors by night.
When Li Ziqiang's father died in 2011, Juanzi did not attend the funeral. It brought the relationship to a boiling point. Seven years later, Juanzi's mother brain tumor surgery, Li Ziqiang also like the invisible man did not appear in his mother-in-law's ward.
In early 2019, the two divorced by mutual consent. After the divorce, Juanzi's biggest wish is that after her daughter took the college entrance examination, the two of them went their separate ways and died of old age. This so-called home, she doesn't want to stay another minute.

Suddenly, my daughter was four years old.

One day Juanzi asked her daughter to review the English words in the morning class. She pursed her lips and said, "don't let your mother take care of you. ". Juanzi asked, "why don't you let your mother take care of you? "

"GRANDPA said that my family name is Li and my father's name is Li. You are a foreigner and you are not one of us. Grandpa told me that I don't need to listen to my mother. "

Juanzi is naturally furious, immediately to still at work, Li Ziqiang call, let him go home immediately. Li Ziqiang asked for leave to come back, heard his wife hysterical questioning, just holding his head a word.

Juanzi see her husband refused to stand up, as a reaction, she began not to let in-laws look after the children. Her parents-in-law were not easy-going either, and they would come to their house to make trouble. Li Ziqiang is fed up, simply applied for a should not be his "foreign tune" , a walk is 3 years. During this period, with the children, the family is the size of Juanzi alone to handle.

At first, the couple also occasionally in the phone war, the distance in space to speed up the relationship between the two of them, and finally they even quarrel with no energy. Wait until 2008 Li Ziqiang from the field back to Shenyang, Juanzi mother and daughter see him no joy, Li Ziqiang see his wife and daughter, also have a strange feeling.

Li Ziqiang even more do not love to go home, said that for fear of affecting Juanzi's rest, directly moved to the empty room to live, became the internet said that a good couple by day, good neighbors by night.

When Li Ziqiang's father died in 2011, Juanzi did not attend the funeral. It brought the relationship to a boiling point. Seven years later, Juanzi's mother brain tumor surgery, Li Ziqiang also like the invisible man did not appear in his mother-in-law's ward.

In early 2019, the two divorced by mutual consent. After the divorce, Juanzi's biggest wish is that after her daughter took the college entrance examination, the two of them went their separate ways and died of old age. This so-called home, she doesn't want to stay another minute.

Thinking of the past, Juanzi's heart can not be calm for a long time. The current outbreak is so severe that it doesn't look like it will go away anytime soon. Can Not Return to work means no income, so think, Juanzi more irritable, next door purring sound seems to be more boring.
After a bad night's sleep, Juanzi fell ill with a sore throat and headache. She knew she was on fire, and worried that it was pneumonia, eat cold medicine, also took out a mask to wear, asked her daughter and her home isolation.
The daughter pulled down Juanzi's mask: "Mom, you are the common cold. ". If you do have the coronavirus now, then I must be infected. I've been studying your travel patterns, and you're not in the zone, so don't freak yourself out."
Daughter this words let Juanzi unload a lot of burden, the Li Ziqiang also echoed a few words, let Juanzi do not worry. Then, the day cooking, washing dishes, he did it in silence.
Juanzi slept well that night, the next day, Li Ziqiang has made breakfast, finished, he went to the bank on duty. Juanzi let her daughter find home vacuum cupping machine for her cupping, the daughter said, from the back of the neck to the waist up, all the place has been pulled black and red, "mom, you how come so big fire? "
Juanzi thought: Can I not get angry?
Fortunately, cupping did not live up to Juanzi's trust in it, the next day, she felt much better.

Thinking of the past, Juanzi's heart can not be calm for a long time. The current outbreak is so severe that it doesn't look like it will go away anytime soon. Can Not Return to work means no income, so think, Juanzi more irritable, next door purring sound seems to be more boring.

After a bad night's sleep, Juanzi fell ill with a sore throat and headache. She knew she was on fire, and worried that it was pneumonia, eat cold medicine, also took out a mask to wear, asked her daughter and her home isolation.

The daughter pulled down Juanzi's mask: "Mom, you are the common cold. ". If you do have the coronavirus now, then I must be infected. I've been studying your travel patterns, and you're not in the zone, so don't freak yourself out."

Daughter this words let Juanzi unload a lot of burden, the Li Ziqiang also echoed a few words, let Juanzi do not worry. Then, the day cooking, washing dishes, he did it in silence.

Juanzi slept well that night, the next day, Li Ziqiang has made breakfast, finished, he went to the bank on duty. Juanzi let her daughter find home vacuum cupping machine for her cupping, the daughter said, from the back of the neck to the waist up, all the place has been pulled black and red, "mom, you how come so big fire? "

Juanzi thought: Can I not get angry?

Fortunately, cupping did not live up to Juanzi's trust in it, the next day, she felt much better.

Juanzi got better these days, take the initiative to do more housework, make up for the previous two days should do.
Over the next few days, Li Ziqiang is quite attentive, cooking, washing dishes are very active. When we eat together, we occasionally say some witticisms, which make our daughter laugh. However, Juanzi or always hold a "neighbor" attitude, neither hot nor cold. She didn't want anything to do with a man who had nothing to do with her emotionally or legally.
This period of time, Juanzi more than once found Li Ziqiang secretly look at her, there are several times also want to speak and stop. In particular, she was sick that few days, her daughter came to her, Li Ziqiang do not let, "let your mother have a good rest, what things you find me. ".
But Juanzi is not willing to respond positively to what Li Ziqiang has done.

Juanzi got better these days, take the initiative to do more housework, make up for the previous two days should do.

Over the next few days, Li Ziqiang is quite attentive, cooking, washing dishes are very active. When we eat together, we occasionally say some witticisms, which make our daughter laugh. However, Juanzi or always hold a "neighbor" attitude, neither hot nor cold. She didn't want anything to do with a man who had nothing to do with her emotionally or legally.

This period of time, Juanzi more than once found Li Ziqiang secretly look at her, there are several times also want to speak and stop. In particular, she was sick that few days, her daughter came to her, Li Ziqiang do not let, "let your mother have a good rest, what things you find me. ".

But Juanzi is not willing to respond positively to what Li Ziqiang has done.

The day before the Lantern Festival is a day of rest. Juanzi and her daughter are busy all morning. Do not go to the unit of Li Ziqiang, also open the door, listen to the static, is in the brush Douyin, see the news.
On weekdays after lunch, Juanzi will take her daughter to relax for an hour, sometimes nap, sometimes watch TV, play two poker. On this day, Juanzi went to the kitchen to clean up the dishes and chopsticks, and his daughter in his bedroom to play poker.
Li pushed the door open and walked in. Juanzi and her daughter looked toward the door, as if they had never set foot in each other's room since the divorce.
Li Ziqiang is likewise a mortification, however, still stiff-necked scalp drags the slow pace to go to the front of the bed, lowers the head, asks knowingly: "What Are you doing? "
"Fight Landlord, Dad. " The daughter answers while urging Juanzi, "mom, I three belt one, you want? "
"Yes, " said Juanzi, and she played her cards.
"Girl, you are a senior, how can you still play this? The college entrance examination is coming. " Li Ziqiang could not help showing anxiety.
The daughter has just won Juanzi, is in high spirits, listen to her father said so, small mouth pucker up, a little bit reluctant.
"Just at noon, we do not play every day at noon, play also play 3, the rest of the time she is learning. " Playing Cards Juanzi round.
Li Ziqiang looked at her, paused, obviously want to have nothing to talk about: "The child results are generally you used to, all this time, you still take her to play poker, the results can be good? "
Though his tone was gentle, Juanzi, hearing this, could not help but feel angry and threw down her playing cards, straight back: "You also know is 'this time' ah? This is when you think of the Tube? Results are generally general, it is difficult to bring back to life, before you go to the foundation? "
Li Ziqiang listen to Juanzi so say, immediately put out the voice son. Juanzi also do not want to quarrel in front of the children, so put away the poker, said to her daughter: "Anyway to the third, you go to learn. "
The daughter disappointed turned out of the door, Li Ziqiang is murmuring, seems to want to say something to Juanzi, stood still for a long time. Juanzi looked up at him. "Is there anything else? "
Li Ziqiang smiled and said, "it's all right, it's all right, " and went out. There is no sunshine at the door in the afternoon, and his back is somewhat lonely.
That evening, Li Ziqiang cooked another big meal. Juanzi looked, but also are their usual favorite dishes. Juanzi thought, if not this epidemic, this summer, she and Li Ziqiang really is a stranger, this life may not be so good to eat a meal, think, also inevitable sob.
After supper, Juanzi got up to clean up the dishes. Li Ziqiang has been wandering in the kitchen door, she would not see him, continue to busy, not a word.

The day before the Lantern Festival is a day of rest. Juanzi and her daughter are busy all morning. Do not go to the unit of Li Ziqiang, also open the door, listen to the static, is in the brush Douyin, see the news.

On weekdays after lunch, Juanzi will take her daughter to relax for an hour, sometimes nap, sometimes watch TV, play two poker. On this day, Juanzi went to the kitchen to clean up the dishes and chopsticks, and his daughter in his bedroom to play poker.

Li pushed the door open and walked in. Juanzi and her daughter looked toward the door, as if they had never set foot in each other's room since the divorce.

Li Ziqiang is likewise a mortification, however, still stiff-necked scalp drags the slow pace to go to the front of the bed, lowers the head, asks knowingly: "What Are you doing? "

"Fight Landlord, Dad. " The daughter answers while urging Juanzi, "mom, I three belt one, you want? "

"Yes, " said Juanzi, and she played her cards.

"Girl, you are a senior, how can you still play this? The college entrance examination is coming. " Li Ziqiang could not help showing anxiety.

The daughter has just won Juanzi, is in high spirits, listen to her father said so, small mouth pucker up, a little bit reluctant.

"Just at noon, we do not play every day at noon, play also play 3, the rest of the time she is learning. " Playing Cards Juanzi round.

Li Ziqiang looked at her, paused, obviously want to have nothing to talk about: "The child results are generally you used to, all this time, you still take her to play poker, the results can be good? "

Though his tone was gentle, Juanzi, hearing this, could not help but feel angry and threw down her playing cards, straight back: "You also know is 'this time' ah? This is when you think of the Tube? Results are generally general, it is difficult to bring back to life, before you go to the foundation? "

Li Ziqiang listen to Juanzi so say, immediately put out the voice son. Juanzi also do not want to quarrel in front of the children, so put away the poker, said to her daughter: "Anyway to the third, you go to learn. "

The daughter disappointed turned out of the door, Li Ziqiang is murmuring, seems to want to say something to Juanzi, stood still for a long time. Juanzi looked up at him. "Is there anything else? "

Li Ziqiang smiled and said, "it's all right, it's all right, " and went out. There is no sunshine at the door in the afternoon, and his back is somewhat lonely.

That evening, Li Ziqiang cooked another big meal. Juanzi looked, but also are their usual favorite dishes. Juanzi thought, if not this epidemic, this summer, she and Li Ziqiang really is a stranger, this life may not be so good to eat a meal, think, also inevitable sob.

After supper, Juanzi got up to clean up the dishes. Li Ziqiang has been wandering in the kitchen door, she would not see him, continue to busy, not a word.

Shortly after 7:00 am on the morning of the Lantern Festival, Juanzi got up, put on her pajamas and went out to her room. She saw Li Ziqiang putting the big and small bags on the ground in her hands. She went out to buy Tangyuan and vegetables early in the morning, i also bought strawberries, oranges, apples and mangoes.
See Juanzi, Li Ziqiang said: "you quickly go in, the door is still open, outside cold. "
"there is fruit in the house. If you can't eat it, it will rot. Why don't you buy it after you've eaten it? "
"Don't you used to love apples? They're good apples. They're 12 yuan a catty, cold and sweet. You can have one later. "
Juanzi promised a, think, if back ten years Li Ziqiang can talk to her like this, they how come to this day? Now hear this, not a bit touched, but a bit embarrassed. "Is this a week's food? How much is it altogether? "
Juanzi didn't want Li to feel that she had taken advantage of him, a gesture and dignity she would have had if she had divorced the man who had held her back for most of her life. Li Ziqiang buried his head in the pile of vegetables and fruit in the categories, head also did not raise to say "a total of 158.2" , Juanzi turned back on the phone to Li Ziqiang turned 79.1.
This day the daughter in Juanzi Room in the morning class, Li Ziqiang from time to time to come in, one moment to wash fruit for the two Niang, another moment to ask Niang what they want to eat, he to do. He didn't stop until his daughter was late for her online class.
See Li Ziqiang's hospitality, Juanzi think of her daughter Appendicitis in the hospital, his own evening care, Li Ziqiang not only do not know to give her breakfast, replace themselves, even cell phones are turned off.
My daughter was quite rebellious in the second year of junior high school. At the record time, she went to school five days a week and had to go to school to be scolded four days a week. Juanzi worried about her daughter learn bad, can be the daughter of abuse, preaching, heart-to-heart, crying, to no avail. At that time, Juanzi spirit is flagging, once lost one's mind step hollow flash waist, pain can not move, or the neighbors help her back home. Lying in bed for 3 days before the ground, if not the second sister to take care of, Li Ziqiang did not even know Juanzi injury like this.
Juanzi is in countless expectations of her husband in vain, found that their marriage has long since died in name only. That divorce certificate, it can only be divided between two people in the legal sense of marriage.
Isn't this concern a little late again?

Shortly after 7:00 am on the morning of the Lantern Festival, Juanzi got up, put on her pajamas and went out to her room. She saw Li Ziqiang putting the big and small bags on the ground in her hands. She went out to buy Tangyuan and vegetables early in the morning, i also bought strawberries, oranges, apples and mangoes.

See Juanzi, Li Ziqiang said: "you quickly go in, the door is still open, outside cold. "

"there is fruit in the house. If you can't eat it, it will rot. Why don't you buy it after you've eaten it? "

"Don't you used to love apples? They're good apples. They're 12 yuan a catty, cold and sweet. You can have one later. "

Juanzi promised a, think, if back ten years Li Ziqiang can talk to her like this, they how come to this day? Now hear this, not a bit touched, but a bit embarrassed. "Is this a week's food? How much is it altogether? "

Juanzi didn't want Li to feel that she had taken advantage of him, a gesture and dignity she would have had if she had divorced the man who had held her back for most of her life. Li Ziqiang buried his head in the pile of vegetables and fruit in the categories, head also did not raise to say "a total of 158.2" , Juanzi turned back on the phone to Li Ziqiang turned 79.1.

This day the daughter in Juanzi Room in the morning class, Li Ziqiang from time to time to come in, one moment to wash fruit for the two Niang, another moment to ask Niang what they want to eat, he to do. He didn't stop until his daughter was late for her online class.

See Li Ziqiang's hospitality, Juanzi think of her daughter Appendicitis in the hospital, his own evening care, Li Ziqiang not only do not know to give her breakfast, replace themselves, even cell phones are turned off.

My daughter was quite rebellious in the second year of junior high school. At the record time, she went to school five days a week and had to go to school to be scolded four days a week. Juanzi worried about her daughter learn bad, can be the daughter of abuse, preaching, heart-to-heart, crying, to no avail. At that time, Juanzi spirit is flagging, once lost one's mind step hollow flash waist, pain can not move, or the neighbors help her back home. Lying in bed for 3 days before the ground, if not the second sister to take care of, Li Ziqiang did not even know Juanzi injury like this.

Juanzi is in countless expectations of her husband in vain, found that their marriage has long since died in name only. That divorce certificate, it can only be divided between two people in the legal sense of marriage.

Isn't this concern a little late again?

Juanzi do not want to continue to recall, they feel free to turn over the circle of friends. Brush a few screen, found someone selling vegetables in the circle of friends, a incubator about 12 to 14 Jin and a half, there are a variety of vegetables are a little higher than the price of the supermarket.
When she got the idea, she sent a screenshot to a friend who works in a supermarket chain. She said she also wanted to sell vegetables in the neighborhood. She asked him if she could stock and pre-package them, and she sold them at 50 / 50 profit. The other side a look, immediately full mouth promise down.
Juanzi found such business opportunities for themselves, then quickly sent friends circle, pull into the community owners group. All morning she was busy in the house, did not even eat breakfast, Li Ziqiang knocked on the door to urge her a few times, she said not hungry, later.
Around 12:00 noon, the community has more than 30 orders to her. Juanzi did a rough calculation, excluding her share to friends, this morning she can earn more than 300 yuan, is very happy.
At this time, Li Ziqiang opened the door, directly carrying a bowl came in, Juanzi full of questions. Li Ziqiang was Juanzi see all over uncomfortable, pointing to the bowl said: "eat while hot, dumplings, black sesame stuffing, I remember you used to love to eat. "
Juanzi obviously does not adapt to Li Ziqiang this transformation, Li Ziqiang estimate also see, hurriedly self-deprecation: "I rest, really idle nothing. Tangyuan did not eat can not eat, you brought in. "
Juanzi is in the Li Ziqiang under the attention of the bowl of dumplings to eat up. She knows Li Ziqiang recently some strange, but now she has no time to think more, eat dumplings, still have to keep busy selling vegetables.
Friends have put the good food to the community door, Juanzi answered the phone to the community door to pick up food, a total of 34 boxes, she let friends unload food in the door, a person wearing a mask door-to-door delivery. Some neighbors joked that she was doing both to serve the people and to make money. Juanzi smiled at them through her mask.
When Juanzi ran the second time, Li Ziqiang also came out to help. He wore a disposable mask, armed, said to Juanzi: "You tell me the address, which home, if I rest at home, I will take you. When I go to work then there is no way, only you alone to send. "
Juanzi had also wanted to refuse, but Li Ziqiang has been unable to say to move two boxes of vegetables to go in front of. Shenyang that few days under a heavy snow, the community in a vast expanse of white, community branches hanging on a thick layer of snow velvet. Juanzi took a few steps to catch up, and for the first time gave birth to a warm heart.

Juanzi do not want to continue to recall, they feel free to turn over the circle of friends. Brush a few screen, found someone selling vegetables in the circle of friends, a incubator about 12 to 14 Jin and a half, there are a variety of vegetables are a little higher than the price of the supermarket.

When she got the idea, she sent a screenshot to a friend who works in a supermarket chain. She said she also wanted to sell vegetables in the neighborhood. She asked him if she could stock and pre-package them, and she sold them at 50 / 50 profit. The other side a look, immediately full mouth promise down.

Juanzi found such business opportunities for themselves, then quickly sent friends circle, pull into the community owners group. All morning she was busy in the house, did not even eat breakfast, Li Ziqiang knocked on the door to urge her a few times, she said not hungry, later.

Around 12:00 noon, the community has more than 30 orders to her. Juanzi did a rough calculation, excluding her share to friends, this morning she can earn more than 300 yuan, is very happy.

At this time, Li Ziqiang opened the door, directly carrying a bowl came in, Juanzi full of questions. Li Ziqiang was Juanzi see all over uncomfortable, pointing to the bowl said: "eat while hot, dumplings, black sesame stuffing, I remember you used to love to eat. "

Juanzi obviously does not adapt to Li Ziqiang this transformation, Li Ziqiang estimate also see, hurriedly self-deprecation: "I rest, really idle nothing. Tangyuan did not eat can not eat, you brought in. "

Juanzi is in the Li Ziqiang under the attention of the bowl of dumplings to eat up. She knows Li Ziqiang recently some strange, but now she has no time to think more, eat dumplings, still have to keep busy selling vegetables.

Friends have put the good food to the community door, Juanzi answered the phone to the community door to pick up food, a total of 34 boxes, she let friends unload food in the door, a person wearing a mask door-to-door delivery. Some neighbors joked that she was doing both to serve the people and to make money. Juanzi smiled at them through her mask.

When Juanzi ran the second time, Li Ziqiang also came out to help. He wore a disposable mask, armed, said to Juanzi: "You tell me the address, which home, if I rest at home, I will take you. When I go to work then there is no way, only you alone to send. "

Juanzi had also wanted to refuse, but Li Ziqiang has been unable to say to move two boxes of vegetables to go in front of. Shenyang that few days under a heavy snow, the community in a vast expanse of white, community branches hanging on a thick layer of snow velvet. Juanzi took a few steps to catch up, and for the first time gave birth to a warm heart.

This evening, Li Ziqiang initiative cooking, washing dishes, Juanzi returned to his room preparing for tomorrow's food delivery affairs, by the way, also turn idle book.
In the evening, Li Ziqiang came in quietly and asked Juanzi, "what do you want? "
Juanzi was a little confused, shook her head and said, "there's nothing wrong. "
"Let's have a chat, " Li said
Juanzi closed the book and almost blurted out, "what have we got to talk about? "
Li Ziqiang's face showed an injured expression, but fleeting: "I am really bored, where also can not go, if has the place to go, I do not go home. "
Juanzi smiled. "That's true. "
Li Ziqiang sighed and sat in a chair beside him, he began to make a long speech: "before always feel you nagging, let me accompany you, I think you are particularly annoying. ". I never thought about it from your point of view. I was so busy talking to people all the time. I didn't feel the time was too long. Now I understand the loneliness and hardship of being at home alone with your children."
Juanzi looked across at the 5'8 man, as if he really didn't know what it was like to be under the age of 16 and walk around with his daughter in hospital, as if she wasn't answering her phone.
"I was watching this video, and I saw an old man in a wheelchair, and his wife ignored him and let him sit alone. I started to think it was the old lady who was incompetent! If a man is absent from his family for a long time, it is impossible for him to return to his family and enjoy his family when he is old and has nowhere to go. A home is for two people. It should not be given and run by one person."
Juanzi looked up at Li Ziqiang, he said: "You are more than 40 years old this year, I saw you work last night, only to find that you have white hair. Alas, it is for the family, for the children, worry about it. "
The words said Juanzi in the mind a burst of pan-acid, eye socket could not help but get wet.
Li Ziqiang voice also a little bit choked: "I always think, I go to work, and the system, compared to the lack, compared to more than. ". If you take money from home, you'll be a good husband. Also always feel you in the marriage insatiable, mother-in-law and daughter-in-law relationship is not good. Now that I think about it, I don't understand you. I left you alone for so many years, and I have no remorse for divorcing you. In fact, I have delayed you all your life, and I am sorry."
Li Ziqiang this words let Juanzi some at a loss, do not know what to say. How many years did Juanzi hope that she would not want to grow old with her husband when she married? Juanzi glanced to one side and wiped away her tears, remembering her previous impulsive actions.
"before the outbreak, I had no such idea. These days at home, you and daughter are not how to deal with me, as if I was an outsider in this family. I realize now that I have lost my home, my wife, and my child. You tell me, how many families have lost their families because of the epidemic, how can a wife and children like me not know how to cherish them?"
Juanzi opened her mouth. She wanted to say something back, but she felt that she had spent almost half her life in a cold home with a man who was not worthy of her trust, it's not even worth mentioning. Besides, it's too late for that. They're divorced, after all. What woman doesn't get divorced because she's got enough disappointment? Juanzi doesn't want to go back.
Li Ziqiang see Juanzi noncommittal, sit for a while and then lightly sigh, got up and left, before going out, he let Juanzi dont think much, early sleep.
Juanzi where can sleep, she hesitated again and again, or to the second sister made a phone call, just Li Ziqiang those words all say to the second sister. The second sister listened, just say: "think of him before you, really do not want you to forgive him. ". But we all make mistakes. Let's say your second brother-in-law and I used to fight when we first got married. Your second brother-in-law used to hide money from us
Second sister finally to Juanzi said, no matter what decision to make, must be careful, "if you really feel happy. ".
Juanzi does not know if her relationship with Li Ziqiang can be restored to the past. She wanted to be with him all the time when she was in love, and then she got married, and now she's here. People say inclusive, but who can really be hurt by others after forget the past, each other in the heart is not a bit gap?

This evening, Li Ziqiang initiative cooking, washing dishes, Juanzi returned to his room preparing for tomorrow's food delivery affairs, by the way, also turn idle book.

In the evening, Li Ziqiang came in quietly and asked Juanzi, "what do you want? "

Juanzi was a little confused, shook her head and said, "there's nothing wrong. "

"Let's have a chat, " Li said

Juanzi closed the book and almost blurted out, "what have we got to talk about? "

Li Ziqiang's face showed an injured expression, but fleeting: "I am really bored, where also can not go, if has the place to go, I do not go home. "

Juanzi smiled. "That's true. "

Li Ziqiang sighed and sat in a chair beside him, he began to make a long speech: "before always feel you nagging, let me accompany you, I think you are particularly annoying. ". I never thought about it from your point of view. I was so busy talking to people all the time. I didn't feel the time was too long. Now I understand the loneliness and hardship of being at home alone with your children."

Juanzi looked across at the 5'8 man, as if he really didn't know what it was like to be under the age of 16 and walk around with his daughter in hospital, as if she wasn't answering her phone.

"I was watching this video, and I saw an old man in a wheelchair, and his wife ignored him and let him sit alone. I started to think it was the old lady who was incompetent! If a man is absent from his family for a long time, it is impossible for him to return to his family and enjoy his family when he is old and has nowhere to go. A home is for two people. It should not be given and run by one person."

Juanzi looked up at Li Ziqiang, he said: "You are more than 40 years old this year, I saw you work last night, only to find that you have white hair. Alas, it is for the family, for the children, worry about it. "

The words said Juanzi in the mind a burst of pan-acid, eye socket could not help but get wet.

Li Ziqiang voice also a little bit choked: "I always think, I go to work, and the system, compared to the lack, compared to more than. ". If you take money from home, you'll be a good husband. Also always feel you in the marriage insatiable, mother-in-law and daughter-in-law relationship is not good. Now that I think about it, I don't understand you. I left you alone for so many years, and I have no remorse for divorcing you. In fact, I have delayed you all your life, and I am sorry."

Li Ziqiang this words let Juanzi some at a loss, do not know what to say. How many years did Juanzi hope that she would not want to grow old with her husband when she married? Juanzi glanced to one side and wiped away her tears, remembering her previous impulsive actions.

"before the outbreak, I had no such idea. These days at home, you and daughter are not how to deal with me, as if I was an outsider in this family. I realize now that I have lost my home, my wife, and my child. You tell me, how many families have lost their families because of the epidemic, how can a wife and children like me not know how to cherish them?"

Juanzi opened her mouth. She wanted to say something back, but she felt that she had spent almost half her life in a cold home with a man who was not worthy of her trust, it's not even worth mentioning. Besides, it's too late for that. They're divorced, after all. What woman doesn't get divorced because she's got enough disappointment? Juanzi doesn't want to go back.

Li Ziqiang see Juanzi noncommittal, sit for a while and then lightly sigh, got up and left, before going out, he let Juanzi dont think much, early sleep.

Juanzi where can sleep, she hesitated again and again, or to the second sister made a phone call, just Li Ziqiang those words all say to the second sister. The second sister listened, just say: "think of him before you, really do not want you to forgive him. ". But we all make mistakes. Let's say your second brother-in-law and I used to fight when we first got married. Your second brother-in-law used to hide money from us

Second sister finally to Juanzi said, no matter what decision to make, must be careful, "if you really feel happy. ".

Juanzi does not know if her relationship with Li Ziqiang can be restored to the past. She wanted to be with him all the time when she was in love, and then she got married, and now she's here. People say inclusive, but who can really be hurt by others after forget the past, each other in the heart is not a bit gap?

The next day, Juanzi two elder sister is not sure, and to Li Ziqiang made a phone call. Did Not Expect Li Ziqiang in the phone, has said he "sorry Juanzi, these years bitter her... "
"second sister, I want to remarry Juanzi. When we got married, we were too young to know how to get along, let alone handle conflict and conflict. When it comes to mother-in-law and daughter-in-law, I love to be a deserter, and I don't want to listen to women nagging. Now she won't Nag me. She won't even talk to me. I'm not having any fun at all. Besides, I've only been home a few days, and I'm already swamped because of the outbreak. Thinking of Juanzi in the past, I took care of the children by myself and supported the family by myself. I felt like a jerk. I am an ordinary person, also can not again build what great achievement what great cause, the most beautiful thing should not be the wife, the child, hot Kang Head? How do you think I just figured that out?"
He also asked the second sister to Juanzi with a word: "The day is I have given scattered, after the rest of my life, my biggest life goal is to give this scattered day to complete. "
I don't know Juanzi's attitude. "I can and should wait, " Li said
Juanzi listened to the second sister's report and was silent for a long time. In a marriage, the worst thing a woman can do is be nice. Li Ziqiang this loyalty, unexpectedly let Juanzi feel that he did not hate him so much. However, she felt it was too early to say at this point that she would forgive or remarry.
She decided to put aside the struggle and concentrate on the delivery business first. Anyway, the future is still a long way off, their own road to walk well, I want to win, as for Li Ziqiang and there is no fate to resume the edge, leave it to the future.

The next day, Juanzi two elder sister is not sure, and to Li Ziqiang made a phone call. Did Not Expect Li Ziqiang in the phone, has said he "sorry Juanzi, these years bitter her... "

"second sister, I want to remarry Juanzi. When we got married, we were too young to know how to get along, let alone handle conflict and conflict. When it comes to mother-in-law and daughter-in-law, I love to be a deserter, and I don't want to listen to women nagging. Now she won't Nag me. She won't even talk to me. I'm not having any fun at all. Besides, I've only been home a few days, and I'm already swamped because of the outbreak. Thinking of Juanzi in the past, I took care of the children by myself and supported the family by myself. I felt like a jerk. I am an ordinary person, also can not again build what great achievement what great cause, the most beautiful thing should not be the wife, the child, hot Kang Head? How do you think I just figured that out?"

He also asked the second sister to Juanzi with a word: "The day is I have given scattered, after the rest of my life, my biggest life goal is to give this scattered day to complete. "

I don't know Juanzi's attitude. "I can and should wait, " Li said

Juanzi listened to the second sister's report and was silent for a long time. In a marriage, the worst thing a woman can do is be nice. Li Ziqiang this loyalty, unexpectedly let Juanzi feel that he did not hate him so much. However, she felt it was too early to say at this point that she would forgive or remarry.

She decided to put aside the struggle and concentrate on the delivery business first. Anyway, the future is still a long way off, their own road to walk well, I want to win, as for Li Ziqiang and there is no fate to resume the edge, leave it to the future.

After only a week of door-to-door service, Juanzi couldn't do it any more.
On Valentine's Day, Feb. 14, community workers arrived early. When they knocked on the door, Juanzi had just gotten up. Li Ziqiang was brushing his teeth. His daughter was in her room reciting English words.
The community director was a woman in her 50s, wearing a black down jacket, a transparent plastic raincoat, and a disposable surgical mask.
After opening the door, they did not enter the house either. They simply told Juanzi at the door, hoping that she would not continue to deliver food to the door in the community, "Now is not the time to make money. The government encourages people to stay at home if they don't have to. Who knows how the virus will spread to everyone? "
Juanzi wanted to explain to them, but Li Ziqiang ran behind her and promised to the community for her, they no longer send food.
Juanzi didn't know what the community workers were saying, but she couldn't help but feel anxious at the thought of her mortgage. She turned sadly into the house, settled the bill with her friend, and explained it in the market.
Li Ziqiang slipped into her room again, put a bank card on the Dresser: "Here's my pay card. ". In fact, I do not approve of you to deliver food to others, in case of infection? The disease is highly contagious. One person in the family is infected with it, which basically means 'mass extinction' . In any case, the safety and health of the whole family is the most important, and you and the children are the most important to me. "
Juanzi stared with some dismay at Li herself -- for years, each time Juanzi needed her husband most, he was absent. She had never imagined that this man would stand up for himself and his daughter in times of trouble and danger. She was surprised. She didn't know what to do.
Li Ziqiang continues to say: "The password of net silver I give you wechat to send in a short while. ". You take money from this, and you and daughter's living expenses and I no longer have to share equally, I care. As long as I have a day, you can rest assured that I will never let you two son of a wronged."
Juanzi stood up, want to refuse, she does not want to sell miserable in front of her ex-husband, more do not want to be ex-husband pity. But Li Ziqiang stopped Juanzi's words.
Juanzi, in all these years I have never really looked at our marriage, nor at you or me. When two people's marriage is in trouble, it takes two to tango, and if you're wrong, then I'm definitely not innocent. Being together all day these days, I suddenly realized how little I had done for my family. Whether we're divorced or not, whether we're together or not, whether you forgive me or not, I owe you more than one "I'm sorry. "
Finish saying this words, Li Ziqiang returned to drop a tear, return a body to walk toward a doorway. The epidemic seems to have softened the man of the northeast. Juanzi stood in front of the dressing table and saw the cards lying there, the gold numerals embossed and frayed.
Juanzi lifted her head and tried to control the tears in her eyes.
She thought she would never forgive this man named Li Ziqiang in her life. Did not think of a plague, so that a person who seems never wrong learned to say sorry, also let a person who never thought will forgive, began to seriously consider whether to answer each other a "never mind. ".

After only a week of door-to-door service, Juanzi couldn't do it any more.

On Valentine's Day, Feb. 14, community workers arrived early. When they knocked on the door, Juanzi had just gotten up. Li Ziqiang was brushing his teeth. His daughter was in her room reciting English words.

The community director was a woman in her 50s, wearing a black down jacket, a transparent plastic raincoat, and a disposable surgical mask.

After opening the door, they did not enter the house either. They simply told Juanzi at the door, hoping that she would not continue to deliver food to the door in the community, "Now is not the time to make money. The government encourages people to stay at home if they don't have to. Who knows how the virus will spread to everyone? "

Juanzi wanted to explain to them, but Li Ziqiang ran behind her and promised to the community for her, they no longer send food.

Juanzi didn't know what the community workers were saying, but she couldn't help but feel anxious at the thought of her mortgage. She turned sadly into the house, settled the bill with her friend, and explained it in the market.

Li Ziqiang slipped into her room again, put a bank card on the Dresser: "Here's my pay card. ". In fact, I do not approve of you to deliver food to others, in case of infection? The disease is highly contagious. One person in the family is infected with it, which basically means 'mass extinction' . In any case, the safety and health of the whole family is the most important, and you and the children are the most important to me. "

Juanzi stared with some dismay at Li herself -- for years, each time Juanzi needed her husband most, he was absent. She had never imagined that this man would stand up for himself and his daughter in times of trouble and danger. She was surprised. She didn't know what to do.

Li Ziqiang continues to say: "The password of net silver I give you wechat to send in a short while. ". You take money from this, and you and daughter's living expenses and I no longer have to share equally, I care. As long as I have a day, you can rest assured that I will never let you two son of a wronged."

Juanzi stood up, want to refuse, she does not want to sell miserable in front of her ex-husband, more do not want to be ex-husband pity. But Li Ziqiang stopped Juanzi's words.

Juanzi, in all these years I have never really looked at our marriage, nor at you or me. When two people's marriage is in trouble, it takes two to tango, and if you're wrong, then I'm definitely not innocent. Being together all day these days, I suddenly realized how little I had done for my family. Whether we're divorced or not, whether we're together or not, whether you forgive me or not, I owe you more than one "I'm sorry. "

Finish saying this words, Li Ziqiang returned to drop a tear, return a body to walk toward a doorway. The epidemic seems to have softened the man of the northeast. Juanzi stood in front of the dressing table and saw the cards lying there, the gold numerals embossed and frayed.

Juanzi lifted her head and tried to control the tears in her eyes.

She thought she would never forgive this man named Li Ziqiang in her life. Did not think of a plague, so that a person who seems never wrong learned to say sorry, also let a person who never thought will forgive, began to seriously consider whether to answer each other a "never mind. ".

That night, Li Ziqiang came home late, and when he got home, he had a whole stack of chocolates with him. The daughter screams at the sweets for no apparent reason. Li Ziqiang did not say that those chocolates are a Valentine's Day gift to Juanzi, Juanzi did not ask, she only let her daughter to Sheng Fan, let Li Ziqiang to wash his hands, said quickly wash his hands, drink hot water to eat, otherwise the food should be cold.
My daughter danced: "I want to eat a chocolate first. "
Juanzi disagree, said that night can not eat sweets, bad for the teeth. All of a sudden, she noticed that her daughter had recently become more lively and talkative.
This Valentine's Day dinner, warm and sweet, the shadow of a family of three was drawn by the lights and Oblique Long. China is still caught in the crossfire of the epidemic. FRIEND CIRCLE SOMEBODY SAYS: Second end of Hai, Gengzi Spring, Jing Chu plague, dye tens of thousands of households. All fear, all defense, all shut down... for more than a month, may the plague be gone. For the next 100 years, peace and prosperity..
"THE PLAGUE IS GONE! " Juanzi read aloud.
Juanzi hope the epidemic as soon as possible, she also hope their hearts of the "epidemic" can go, after the rest of life, light-weight battle.

That night, Li Ziqiang came home late, and when he got home, he had a whole stack of chocolates with him. The daughter screams at the sweets for no apparent reason. Li Ziqiang did not say that those chocolates are a Valentine's Day gift to Juanzi, Juanzi did not ask, she only let her daughter to Sheng Fan, let Li Ziqiang to wash his hands, said quickly wash his hands, drink hot water to eat, otherwise the food should be cold.

My daughter danced: "I want to eat a chocolate first. "

Juanzi disagree, said that night can not eat sweets, bad for the teeth. All of a sudden, she noticed that her daughter had recently become more lively and talkative.

This Valentine's Day dinner, warm and sweet, the shadow of a family of three was drawn by the lights and Oblique Long. China is still caught in the crossfire of the epidemic. FRIEND CIRCLE SOMEBODY SAYS: Second end of Hai, Gengzi Spring, Jing Chu plague, dye tens of thousands of households. All fear, all defense, all shut down... for more than a month, may the plague be gone. For the next 100 years, peace and prosperity..

"THE PLAGUE IS GONE! " Juanzi read aloud.

Juanzi hope the epidemic as soon as possible, she also hope their hearts of the "epidemic" can go, after the rest of life, light-weight battle.

Editor | Tang Tang Tang Tang
Click to contact the human editor

Editor | Tang Tang Tang Tang

Click to contact the human editor

Partridge, Partridge
Try to see yourself clearly,
A lover of words who tries to illuminate others

Partridge, Partridge

Try to see yourself clearly,
A lover of words who tries to illuminate others

Try to see yourself clearly,

A lover of words who tries to illuminate others

This article is the exclusive contribution of Netease News Studio, and enjoy the exclusive copyright. If you want to reprint please reply in the background.
Submitted to the living-nonfiction Writing Platform, the letters can be addressed to: thelivings@vip. 163.com  , once published articles, according to the quality of the article, will provide thousand words of 500 Yuan-1000 Yuan.
The contribution should guarantee the authenticity of the content and all the information (including but not limited to the relationship between the characters, the course of events, the development of details and so on) , and ensure that the work does not contain any fictitious content.
Other cooperation, suggestions, story clues, welcome to wechat backstage (or email) contact us.

* The Article Department Netease News World Studio Exclusive Contract Manuscript, and enjoys the exclusive copyright. If you want to reprint please reply in the background.
* Written for the living-nonfiction Writing Platform, and addressed to: thelivings@vip. 163.com  , once published articles, according to the quality of the article, will provide thousand words of 500 Yuan-1000 Yuan.
* The content and all information (including but not limited to the relationship between the characters, the course of events, the development of details and so on) should be guaranteed to be true, and the work should not contain any fictitious content.
* It cooperation, suggestions, story clues, welcome to wechat backstage (or email) contact us.

This article is the exclusive contribution of Netease News Studio, and enjoy the exclusive copyright. If you want to reprint please reply in the background.

Submitted to the living-nonfiction Writing Platform, the letters can be addressed to: thelivings@vip. 163.com  , once published articles, according to the quality of the article, will provide thousand words of 500 Yuan-1000 Yuan.

The contribution should guarantee the authenticity of the content and all the information (including but not limited to the relationship between the characters, the course of events, the development of details and so on) , and ensure that the work does not contain any fictitious content.

Other cooperation, suggestions, story clues, welcome to wechat backstage (or email) contact us.

This article is produced by Netease News International Studio

Click on the following "keywords" to view past events:
Family Violence | gym pit | birth balls
Kim Ji-young, 1982 | college girl's Junkie Boyfriend
Unemployed | undercover prison guard | married life | middle-aged man's cowardly death
Vocational School Teachers | obstetric records | remarriage | job hunting in China | three teams | The stock market dream broken
The Devil | Thelma and Louise | go to the countryside | the delivery boy | kill my goddess
People who can't take medicine | Hei in Japan | goodbye, sheriff | poor people don't deserve to be civil servants
The Ward of retired cadres | controlling crazy parents | the case of sudden death of a Family Atm son-in-law
I gave up research | female classmate | with giant baby divorce woman

Click on the following "keywords" to view past events:

Family Violence | gym pit | birth balls

Kim Ji-young, 1982 | college girl's Junkie Boyfriend

Unemployed | undercover prison guard | married life | middle-aged man's cowardly death

Vocational School Teachers | obstetric records | remarriage | job hunting in China | three teams | The stock market dream broken

The Devil | Thelma and Louise | go to the countryside | the delivery boy | kill my goddess

People who can't take medicine | Hei in Japan | goodbye, sheriff | poor people don't deserve to be civil servants

The Ward of retired cadres | controlling crazy parents | the case of sudden death of a Family Atm son-in-law

I gave up research | female classmate | with giant baby divorce woman

Go to "discover"-"take a look" browse "friends watching"

Sent

####Send it to take a look

Sending

A scan of wechat
Pay attention to the account


-------------
title: The isolation of a divorced couple living in the same room
source: ren-jian-theLivings
authors: _
editors: _
proofreader: _
photographer: _
translator: _
via: https://github.com/2019ncovmemory/nCovMemory
link: https://mp.weixin.qq.com/s/QI28Wlpz_sgjX5Si9uXlYw
archive: http://archive.is/jI0DZ
snapshot: https://github.com/2019ncovmemory/nCovMemory/blob/master/archive/jpg/3581.jpg
lead: She hoped that the "epidemic" in her heart can also go, after the rest of life, light-weight battle.
cover: data:image/jpeg;base64,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
