##A diary of the outbreak in Florence, Italy (1)

Micro-signal chancat123

Feature description: a heart on the road with a stay hungry stomach

We are all witnesses to history.

From "unidentified pneumonia" to the new coronavirus; from my friends who care about my country to my friends who care about my country now; it took just over two weeks to see the number of people infected in Italy go from single to five figures.

On the afternoon of March 4,2020, classes were suspended throughout Italy. I quickly contacted the co-teachers in the university and high school, co-teachers said we wait, not yet determined. A few hours later, I was in my first Italian class of the semester, which I didn't realize was my last one in March.

On March 5,2020, the Italian government suspended classes throughout the country.

March 5th-8th is the last day of the month when you can walk outside.

After seeing some small videos on the Internet, students in some countries were very excited and happy after hearing the news of class suspension. You guys, too young, too NA ve. You think you're free to skip class? You're about to lose your freedom to go out, think about it, you can't see your friends, you can't go out, you can't travel, you have homework to do, you Instagram it for a while and then you realize it's not that easy.

Day 1

Monday, March 9th

The last of freedom

I did not go out on Monday, in fact now a little regret, why not cherish the last day can go out at will opportunity. Italian Prime Minister Contes announced on the evening of the 9th, the country from March 10 to April 3, the implementation of the "closed city. ".

What does it mean to turn the whole of Italy into a "Red Zone" ?

It means: No Gatherings; Entertainment Venues are closed; schools are closed until April 3; people are kept at least one meter apart; visits and travel are avoided as much as possible; and people are allowed to go out for health, shopping and work.

The image is destined to be a precious piece of "history" during the epidemic, when restaurants and ice cream parlors were still open.

Day 2

Tuesday, March 10th

A supermarket on alert

When I get up in the morning, I'm going to the supermarket for a shopping spree. I live in the center of the city, about five minutes'walk from my nearest supermarket, and it takes me about five minutes to cross a narrow shopping street. The street was running low, and I noticed people wearing masks. I bought a few simple masks last Sunday at an indian-pakistani-owned shop, and now I can wear them in the open.

After the anti-epidemic law was issued, there were few cars and people on the streets of Cagliari.

The shops on the high street were still open, and I regretted not taking a picture of them, leaving them open at the end.

I went to the pharmacy first, and sure enough, there was no mask, and there was hand sanitizer on the cash register? The checkout girl wore a mask and gloves, said they weren't for sale.

Arrived at the supermarket entrance, felt the atmosphere of tension.

The supermarket wants to limit the flow of people, so have to line up outside the door. Look at the picture. It's a typical Italian line, where you don't know where the line is, so people always ask, "who am I behind? ". Although it is contingent line, but most people are quite self-conscious, near to me, we do not remember exactly who came first, a few Italians struggled for half a minute, finally let me go in.

The supermarket is still full of things, after returning home, as if hiding in a bomb shelter, this atmosphere, closed the door, there is a virus, worried about shut the feeling of the door.

Watch your time. If you're late, it's gone, but there's really no one to grab the toilet paper.

This way of life, I have been fond of waste problem may be improved, after all, it is not easy to buy a thing, to cherish the refrigerator full of time.

Today's numbers:

Read Sardinia in red and do not repeat below.

Day 3

WEDNESDAY, March 11th

BIBIMBAP

Today, the government has introduced stricter regulations.

All but the drug store and the grocery store were closed.

At 6:40 pm, I was waiting for the lottery draw to refresh the website to check the number of New People today. But today's numbers aren't pretty.

The new number is in parentheses

The advantage of staying at home is being forced to "love life" . One of my definitions of loving life is to cook well and eat seriously, so I don't watch videos when I eat (now to increase my input in Italian, I listen to the news with my back to the TV, which I don't understand anyway) . Every time I cook something delicious for myself in the kitchen, I feel like I love myself and my life today. Remember the first year abroad, often do "hard dish" (northeast dialect, into the Mandarin System?) , later more and more tired, especially at that time by the graduation thesis title was too busy, more have no time and mood to love life.

Now we can finally enter the narrow "love life" mode.

Made a BIBIMBAP, not hard dishes, also not complex, the first time to do quite delicious, remember the first time last year to do stir-fried rice cake is also, I do not know is Korean food is not difficult or I have the talent to do Korean food. When I was in China, I didn't want to eat Korean food. When I went abroad, I was crazy to eat. After the epidemic, I had to make Korean food with my Korean sister who I met in Italian class.

Day 4

Thursday, March 12th

Self discipline

I thought I'd have more time after class to learn Italian, play sports at home, and think about new dishes... but the amount of free time required to burn brain cells didn't increase.

If I hadn't been so expressive, I might have given up writing.

Every time I write something on the computer, I feel that the mobile phone is really harmful. The presence of my phone has made it difficult for me to focus, and every time I want to start work, it takes me a while to adjust my state, and I can't stop looking at my phone at first. Then I put my phone on mute but a restless heart still stirred. Then I turned the screen upside down and put it behind my computer, so I couldn't see it. (I've done this before, writing in the living room and charging my phone in the bedroom) 

And, really feel that their language more and more fragmented, reflect on their own in more and more fragmented information to get happy, think about extreme fear.

Today's figures, Sardinia's up by two, are better than yesterday's.

After three days of relaxation, I decided to toss and turn around at home, so let's start with exercise.

It turns out that it's wise to start with exercise, because the cost is low.

Learning costs a lot of attention; the problem with cooking is that it's wasteful to do it badly, and in times of crisis, wasteful means making it worse for an already poor family, such as the strawberries I splurged on Tuesday, i didn't try to make a strawberry Daiquiri on Wednesday, and I don't think I'll ever want to be a Daiquiri again; it must be frustrating to read something you don't like or don't understand.

There is no exercise this problem, no white lift legs, no white stretch tendons, no white sweat. And when you play at home, you're less likely to get hurt.

After exercise, exhales a turbid air, refreshing.

In the wake of this outbreak, perhaps we've all learned that motivation has nothing to do with time, and that sometimes we feel that the more time we have, the Lazier we are, the more tired we are.

Self-discipline is a commodity. Freelancer is a career that requires a lot of self-discipline, and a 9-to-5 is a relief.

Does self-discipline lead to freedom? I can't think what self-discipline has to do with freedom.

Besides, freedom is not so easy to control.

Freedom Without self-discipline is self-destruction.

Day 5

Friday the 13th

A voice

Today, I decided to go out shopping again, I do not want to go out often, but living alone, generally do not have a large refrigerator, there is no big freezer.

Fortunately, my downstairs butcher shop is not closed, if you want to eat meat, turn right down the stairs 5 meters can, but vegetables and fruits or what you have to go to the supermarket, this time, it shows the advantage of a carnivore.

Again, across the High Street, the streets are empty and the shops are closed.

There's still a line at the supermarket, the line is still Italian, but thanks to a number machine, I got number 52, and the supermarket staff came out to call number 22, I don't think the line is going to work, I've seen Tuesday's speed.

This kind of "manual" way is very common in Italy, Spain, there is no electronic machine, let alone scan code to know the progress of the queue.

Turn around. I'm GonNa go to the drugstore and see if they have any more masks. There's not a lot of people in line at the pharmacy, but I don't think there's a chance of a mask. On second thought, I'll go to another supermarket, which is about 10 minutes'walk from my house, and it's much bigger.

This supermarket has more space outside, so it's not Italian queuing, it's nordic.

It's all spaced out

In a photo taken while standing in line outside, Saldi, Italy, has been on sale since January, with some stores continuing into early March before launching new spring products. After the new law, many stores have not had time to new products, stay in the January discount status, is likely to have to skip the spring new products, can imagine also heavy losses.

This supermarket has more space, so it's moving a little faster, and it's been standing in line for 10 minutes, and we're in.

I took a couple of photos of the shelves.

Full of flesh

And there's no shortage of Spaghetti, the Italian favorite

For linguistic reasons, we might prefer to read Chinese language's message first. On the wechat platform, much of the chinese-language coverage of overseas outbreaks has been based on the same basic theme: The game is up abroad.

I don't deny that there are places where things are really bad, and I have a colleague from the worst affected part of Lombardy 见 Lombardia，Reg. Who says it's a bit scary there, and I have friends in other countries who say they've just heard about the suspension and the shelves are empty.

But at least there has been no prison riots, no street demonstrations and, statistically speaking, no loss of control.

It seems to be one of the essential skills of Internet users in this era to search for the truth in the explosion of information every day. Recently, it is only because I am not too busy that I am in the mood to rummage through different media. Fortunately, it may also improve my reading skills in a foreign language, so one of the purposes of learning a foreign language is to avoid being blinded by one sound.

At the same time, we can only live in one city, we can only explain the status quo of a city.

But in the eyes of some irresponsible self-media, the world is only labelled China and foreign countries.

That is why I am writing this diary to present the real situation of the disease in Sardinia and the details of the fight against it in the capital, Cagliari.

I hate the headline party, preying on the reader's impatience and lack of time to read this weakness, peddling anxiety and creating panic.

I am afraid of not only the really empty shelves, but also would not have been empty with the rhythm of the media with empty shelves!

Having seen the British operation today, less drastic measures were taken in the hope of forming herd immunity.

At first, I saw a bunch of retweets in my friends'circles.

My first reaction was disbelief. I asked my friends in England, and then I asked my friends in different countries in Europe, and then I went to the BBC, CNN, the Guardians, the BBC, and believed it.

Source: CNN

Source: BBC

This, my initial reaction is to falsely write this news from the media people, but the formation of this train of thought is really wechat from the media's sorrow.

I have talked about this policy with my friends in Italy, Poland, Holland and the UK. I don't understand the British government, but I was inspired by a friend's words.

"The formulation of anti-epidemic measures may need to strike a balance between economic development, medical resources and the speed of transmission. "

When Italy was not locked in, I wondered if Italy could not take drastic measures for economic reasons, and if there were widespread social stoppage, the economic shock might be more terrible than more infections. I would venture to guess that Italy, too, is fumbling for its own balance.

These three factors are not the only factors affecting the formulation of measures. They may also involve a series of factors such as citizens'mentality that need to be ranked and balanced. Countries and countries have different national conditions, need to find a different balance. So I don't like the term "homework copying, " because before this unknown test, each country gets a different test paper, and we have open-ended questions with no standard answers.

So it remains to be seen what the UK's measures will be. We can not judge at this stage.

How Italy's measures, the region and the region may also need to be specific analysis of specific issues, high school politics learned this sentence is really a guide to life guide the motto of the ruling Ah.

For example, Sardinia, in fact, the "lock-in" policy point of time is a bit wrong, if implemented earlier, or to a small extent, perhaps Sardinia would still be a clean land. The island's government had asked the central government to stop flying and air traffic, but the central government rejected it.

Now that the country has become a "red zone" , which has given rise to a number of people who have fled to the south, Sardinia will certainly not be spared, which is a big problem for Sardinia.

Day 6

Saturday, March 14th

China, first meeting

Chinese medical team came to support, it is a surprise and surprise, in real life, good for bad.

The major Italian media have also covered this important news.

Today, my friend left me the following message on WHATSAPP:

China is helping us. China is helping us

I have not an opinion about China because I know nothing about it. I have no problem with China because I know nothing about China

The crazy thing is that China is helping us but EU doesn't. And we pay a lot of taxes for eulogy. China is helping us and the EU is not. That's crazy. We pay a lot of taxes to the EU

This is the real reaction of someone who doesn't speak Chinese, has never been to China, and has no interest in China.

This is also the real sense of national pride as a Chinese, not from the crazy pace of the media play up the exotic exotic anti-epidemic out of pride, but from the local people's real praise and thanks.

Performing on a balcony, listening to the Chinese national anthem on Italian soil, never imagined before.

Unexpectedly, the virus is to let some Italians began to understand China's media.

The friend asked me:

Why you were more ready than me for this situation?

I would like to answer, I am a prophet from the old east ha ha ha ha.

I still seriously answered, from the East and West to the differences between the perception of masks related to the sense of crisis of different ethnic groups.

Because of different culture, my friend said.

It is also particularly rewarding for a person who has not worked outside Europe to see the cultural differences between the West and China.

Tomorrow is Sunday (at 10:43 local time on Saturday) , the Catholic Sabbath, so I'm going to call it a day. And seeing the word count approach 5,000, well beyond my goal of writing 300 words a day, 2,000-3,000 words a week.

Related Source:

https://www.ilmessaggero.it/italia/coronavirus_italia_ultime_notizie_news_morti_contagi_malati-5109293.html

https://www.repubblica.it/cronaca/2020/03/01/news/coronavirus_in_italia_aggiornamento_ora_per_ora-249954540/

https://www.bbc.com/news/science-environment-51874084

I forgot to save some of the links for my first week of writing about current events, but the screenshots and data are from reliable sources, and I'll try to do a better job of gathering that information if there's a next journal entry.

Author Profile: Ma in Chinese philology

Now working in Sardinia, Italy

(prefer to be called)"island master" 

He worked at Leiden University in the Netherlands

Herrera Monsignor University, Spain

"Obie" .

In the past few days, I have scoured facebook to see a story written by a netizen who lives in Spain about the new crown epidemic. I wanted to attach it to the article, but it is so long that it affects the reading experience, so I thought I'd translate his article into Chinese and post it in the next tweet, along with the original text and translation.

Stay tuned.

WECHAT SWEEPS UP Praise for author

####Send it to the author

People Admire

Long-press the QR code to transfer the funds to me

WECHAT's iOS version of the APP has been turned off to support public accounts through Qr code transfers due to apple's new rules.

Go to "discover"-"take a look" browse "friends watching"

Sent

####Send it to take a look

Sending

A scan of wechat
Pay attention to the account


-------------
title: A diary of the outbreak in Florence, Italy (1)
source: liu-lang-mao-she
authors: _
editors: _
proofreader: _
photographer: _
translator: _
via: https://github.com/2019ncovmemory/nCovMemory
link: https://mp.weixin.qq.com/s/f5fQoYBRngulx2XT1v6mNw
archive: http://archive.ph/ReUsd
snapshot: https://github.com/2019ncovmemory/nCovMemory/blob/master/archive/jpg/3675.jpg
lead: Thanks for the concern from home and abroad, my situation is OK. X0A Italian small white, if there are translation errors please correct.
cover: data:image/jpeg;base64,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
