##The second front of the epidemic

Wechat, bingdianweekly

Features, China Youth Daily's in depth reporting brand. We believe that news has more than one day of life.

A young volunteer offers voluntary psychological counseling via video phone in Cixi City, Zhejiang Province, on Feb. 4. Xu Yuxin Xinhua CNML photo

This article is about 4500 words long

Estimated reading time: 12 minutes

Author Wang Jingshuo learns from Yin Haiyue

Editor, Zhang Guo

Not only does COVID-19 infect the lungs, it is seeking to attack the mind -- as you can see in the psychology hotline of the rush to battle.

From New Year's Eve to the second day of the Lunar New Year, Song Zhenshao, an associate professor at the Beijing Normal University, stayed in front of the office phone for three days.

He is in charge of the school's "Edelweiss student psychological help line, " which has been in operation for more than 30 years after the COVID-19 pneumonia outbreak, and has temporarily decided to provide psychological support for students from Beijing Normal University who are home in Wuhan. Unexpectedly, not only students called, but also Hubei, Liaoning, Hebei and other places of social help.

"Can not listen to family member cough now, a listen to me panicky breath is short, breath is difficult, how to do? " A person asking for help asks.

On January 27, based on the response of Edelweiss, the Psychology Department of Beijing Normal University opened a hotline "4001888976" for the public, inviting more than 150 psychological counselors in China to answer the call simultaneously.

Qiao Zhihong, secretary of the Party Committee of the Psychology Department of Beijing Normal University, said that since the hotline was opened, there have been about 200 telephone inquiries a day.

On February 2, the State Council issued a notice on the joint prevention and Control Mechanism for pneumonia in response to COVID-19 infection, after 31 provinces launched a first level response to major public health emergencies, requiring all localities to set up hotlines for psychological assistance in response to the epidemic, one goal is to prevent extreme events triggered by psychological stress. The NMHC also issued the guiding principles for emergency psychological crisis intervention in the case of COVID-19 pneumonia.

Lai Haixiong, director of the Wuhan University, is the head of the expert service team of the psychological support hotline 4007027520 in Hubei Province. He concluded that the calls were mainly focused on three areas: stress and anxiety caused by the outbreak; life inconvenience caused by the outbreak, which is difficult to deal with; or people seeking help themselves have psychological problems and are re-motivated by the outbreak.

The extremes the counselors dealt with included: one seeing a psychiatric patient whose anxiety was aroused, the patient began to shake and lose sleep; one mother who spoke in a hurried voice on the phone, whose mildly depressed son jumped from the second floor and, and you don't go to the hospital when you break a bone.

In unusual times, panic is normal

"The virus can be physically isolated, but fear is not, " said Song Yaru, a senior consultant at Shanghai Youth Online Youth Public Service Center (Shanghai 12355) .

Panic, she argues, penetrates people's hearts faster than viruses through cell phones and computer screens. If the negative emotions can not be resolved and panic occurs more than one week due to the concern about the epidemic, timely psychological intervention is needed to relieve the pressure and reduce the negative emotions.

After the 2008 Wenchuan County earthquake, Song Yaru conducted psychological interventions for some of the youths sent to the quake zone. Unlike sudden-onset natural disasters like earthquakes, she says, there is a continuous process from emergence and spread to containment.

"after this outbreak, there was a lot of anxiety and panic, " said Huang Qingwu, a psychologist at the happiness family psychological service center in Yichang, Hubei Province.

Before the outbreak, Huang and his colleagues organized a youth winter camp, in which a lively primary school student became the camp's sports committee member, but when the outbreak came, he began to throw tantrums. The family would joke about holding his glass to drink, and he would cry and slam the door.

Wearing a mask or not can also trigger a family crisis. Song Yaru told reporters of a case in which a young woman told a therapist, "I killed them and then I killed myself, " for a surprisingly simple reason: I couldn't persuade my parents to wear masks. She lost it when her father said, "what mask? I've never worn a mask in my life. ".

"strictly speaking, the psychological assistance hotline for the epidemic is not what we usually understand as psychological counseling, but more like an 'emergency bandage' for the injured mind, which belongs to the emergency handling of psychological crisis, " concluded Lei Guanghui, deputy director of the Huazhong University of Science and Technology and one of the working group leaders of the Expert Group of the psychological support hotline in Hubei Province.

Song Zhenshao is also very clear, the role of the psychological hotline, is to let people talk about concerns, help people resolve fear, to better face the reality. Many people do not allow relatives to panic, do not allow children to fear, but created more psychological burden. A boy with mild cold symptoms, fear of being infected, his family advised him to be optimistic, but not positive up.

"It is necessary to let the public know through the hotline that in these abnormal times, panic is actually very normal, " Song said. The important thing is to allow the public to accept the panic, "reconcile" with the panic and calm down.

Otherwise, "panic is the fuel for the epidemic, " Song said.

Intergenerational conflict brought about by segregation at home

Many people call the psychological hotline, because "want to chat. ". Song Zhenshao handled a consultation, the party just took the post-graduate entrance examination, waiting for university graduation node encountered an epidemic, planning has been disrupted, the worry about the future instant aggravation.

He remembers a counselor at home with her parents, whose mother-in-law tactfully suggested that she and her husband "have a baby, " which triggered her psychological crisis.

For Epidemic Prevention and control needs, most people stuffy at home, reduce the need to go out. In the relatively closed environment, some contradictions are aroused. "In general, due to isolation and other reasons, life style suddenly changed, and anxiety and worry about uncertainty caused people's panic and mood swings, " Song told reporters.

"The conflict happened under the state of stress. The two sides lost control of their emotions and said whatever was difficult to hear, " Song said. In one case, a child couldn't stay at home and had to go out to play. After repeated attempts to dissuade the child, the parents lost their patience and simply told the child, "you will be killed if you go out. If you come back infected with a virus and want to kill us, you might as well crash your car and die. ".

The response: "Then I'll die now! "

Hou Junwei, Deputy director-general of Shanghai Youth Online Public Service Center, said that on January 25, the Communist Youth League Shanghai Municipal Party Committee and Shanghai 12355 organized an on-line voluntary service for psychological counseling in response to the epidemic, most revolved around intergenerational conflict and parent-child relationships during the epidemic.

Who are the most susceptible to the outbreak

Song Yaru believes that the epidemic under the panic-sensitive groups are generally: Young Mothers, families have old and young middle-aged groups and followers, phobias.

One young mother was highly concerned about the presence or absence of the virus in her child. After a 2-year-old child was diagnosed in China, she didn't want to go out. She dumped her garbage at the door. She used a lot of salt water and alcohol to wash herself and her child repeatedly. At night, she dreamed of "children being isolated and rescued. ".

Even the children's grandparents, grandparents call, she dare not let the children to answer the phone, the reason is, "signal (virus) can also be transmitted. ".

Song Yaru, who answered the hotline, said the young mother had an acute stress response (ASD) as a result of the outbreak. "Nightmares, flashbacks, avoidance, " the three hallmarks of an acute stress response. The initial stage of acute stress reaction is "shock period" , after the individual suffers the external stimulation, the performance is certain degree directional dint obstacle, the attention distracts, suddenly "does not know oneself how to do" .

"She is relaxed and nervous, happy and unhappy, and constantly reprimands her children at home, saying they can not move or go anywhere, " Song said. She analyzed the reactions, which were characterized by emotional instability, represents her entering the second phase of the acute stress response, the "chaotic phase. ".

Song said that within 72 hours is acute, if not help, without timely intervention, more than a month may be transformed into chronic post-traumatic stress disorder (PTSD) . Long-term in a state of stress and panic, adrenaline, the human body endocrine system, immune system will be confused, resistance decline, not good for physical and mental health.

"there is a psychological term for 'selective negative attention' in a state of anxiety and panic, " song explained, "On a big day, for example, you worry about what might clash. You look around and there are a lot of people on the road. If you see someone wearing a black veil, it's unlucky. This is the time for selective negative attention. "

Late on the night of January 31, Song Yaru had a hunch that Shuanghuanglian would soon be sold out after the Chinese Academy of Sciences'Shanghai Institute of Medicine announced that it could suppress COVID-19. And sure enough,.

She said it was a "herd effect" caused by mass panic, in which people feel they are panicking if they do not participate in hoarding. Since the outbreak, some people's psychology has gone from one extreme to another -- from being careless to being alert.

The public is actively seeking relief

From January 29 to 30, Lei Guanghui and his colleague Zhang Yan conducted a questionnaire survey on domestic college students through Wechat Group, and received 19,389 valid questionnaires.

According to the survey, 31.29 percent of the students said they were worried about the outbreak and 23.13 percent were worried about being infected. 51.19% of the students were actively looking for ways to relieve their stress.

Wu Fei, a psychologist in Chun'an County who works at the women's and children's Health Hospital in Chun 'an county, Hangzhou City, Zhejiang Province, set up a wechat service called "spiritual post" . After the Qr code was sent out, more than 170 people joined in one day. Some quick and easy ways to get counseling are also available. Wu Zhihong psychological studio to its "see psychology" service platform in conjunction with the China Association of Science and Technology Sponsored "Popular Science China" platform, co-sponsored the fight against the epidemic of psychological assistance program, set up an interactive zone. Many first-line epidemic prevention workers in the above discharge pressure: a county in Hubei Disease Control Workers, constantly worried about the work is not done, more worried about taking colleagues to epidemic areas will be infected, the most afraid, or infection to family members.

Another medical worker in Hubei felt the pressure mount after a confirmed case appeared in the hospital. He told Psychotherapist Huang Qingwu that there were more or less similar situations among the medical staff around him. Also has the community staff report, the colleague presented the body to shiver the symptom. "This is equivalent to the combination of high-intensity work stress and fear and worry about the illness, " Huang said.

Led by Professor Fan Fumin of the Department of Psychology of Tsinghua University, together with the Beijing Happiness Foundation, the team has launched a series of online training courses on "psychological assistance in fighting epidemic situations" , which are not only aimed at psychological counselors and volunteers, and open to the public. Starting on February 2nd, she found that the number of people online at the same time had grown "frighteningly" , from 2,000 to 3,000, to nearly 10,000 in a few hours, with estimates of up to 1,000. Participants included a team led by the head of the Department of Psychology at a university in Wuhan.

Unlike the 2003 Atypical pneumonia outbreak, he says, psychological support is no longer limited by landlines, and technology has made it possible to set up a platform that can accommodate more people at the same time and provide psychological support in a more orderly fashion. "What had been like scattered dots now formed a net and a surface. "

Even if the outbreak is over, the psychological crisis won't be over anytime soon

A couple in Wuhan had a fever, with a temperature of 37.8 °C. after waiting in line for several hours at the hospital, the busy doctor soon advised them to go home for isolation. "How can I watch my parents die? I might as well die first, " they said, sobbing as their children, who were unable to return home from other parts of the country, called the helpline

"Your parents had only a mild fever and no other symptoms, and you were worried that they were going to die. Would you still be so nervous if I told you that your parents had the flu? " Song said, according to the young man's idea to push down, "the drug is not hospitalized not to treat their parents to die first. ".

In the process of psychological intervention, she says, it's not about psychological reasoning, but about empathizing with their emotional reactions and then correcting their cognitive biases with concrete facts. To The overwrought young mother, she consoled her partner with the fact that the infected child had recovered.

"If you focus on the negative, it's like drawing a circle. The smaller you draw, the more you become obsessed, and you can't get out. The circle will get bigger and bigger, " Song advised the young mother, "In fact, during the outbreak period is also a rare rest time. "

After three consecutive interventions, the mother calmed down.

At Beijing Normal University, in addition to answering incoming calls, Song also acts as a supervisor, providing support to the consultants connected to the call. Twenty or thirty counselors in his class were able to submit a problem every three hours after their shift ended, and a third of the counselors had written about their problems. Someone had an "alternate trauma" in the process of long-term wiring.

The maximum duration of a single call on the hotline is set at 30 minutes. In fact, quite a few people have exceeded the set length of the call. There are also calls that go beyond the scope of their services, asking about medical care for new pneumonia, or about crises like suicide, self injury, or major depression that require intervention hotline intervention.

A businessman whose business was affected by the outbreak was unable to operate properly, lost his income, failed to repay his loan, confided in a hotline, and counsellors were powerless to solve the problem beyond their ability.

According to Song, the change in stress response is a curve: it starts with an early warning; in the short term, you can either fight, face the problem head on and try to solve it, or run away from it; after you have a better understanding of the situation, your stress level drops slowly; and finally, restore and restore inner balance.

"It's in the middle and late stages now, " he said.

Even so, song is worried. He believes that the current recourse is mainly the original state of psychological instability of the crowd, as well as the impact of the actual difficulties of people affected by the epidemic, in the outbreak of a turning point or relatively stable, people's deeper psychological needs may emerge.

Lei Guanghui also believes that people's understanding of the epidemic is a gradual process, after a long period of mental impact and physical exhaustion, some people may suffer from acute stress disorder, some people may suffer from post-traumatic stress disorder. Even if the outbreak in the future, the psychological defense can not be relaxed. "Some of the crisis events that we envision may slowly come to light, " he said.

Reporters interviewed a number of scholars involved in psychological assistance hotline said, according to rough statistics, the current fight against the epidemic first-line medical staff calls, accounting for less than 10% .

The psychologists interviewed remembered receiving phone calls a year after the 2008 earthquake in Wenchuan County.

(this article was independently produced by the China Youth Daily, first posted on the China Youth Daily Client and headline number, and added to the tree project.)

Go to "discover"-"take a look" browse "friends watching"

Sent

####Send it to take a look

Sending

A scan of wechat
Pay attention to the account


-------------
title: The second front of the epidemic
source: FREEZING POINT
authors: _
editors: _
proofreader: _
photographer: _
translator: _
via: https://github.com/2019ncovmemory/nCovMemory
link: https://mp.weixin.qq.com/s/PJCWbGq9HQJmsOeJRJ2Wbg
archive: http://archive.ph/j01Ft
snapshot: https://github.com/2019ncovmemory/nCovMemory/blob/master/archive/jpg/462.jpg
lead: "viruses can be physically isolated, but not panic. "
cover: data:image/jpeg;base64,/9j/4AAQSkZJRgABAQAAAQABAAD/2wBDAAYEBQYFBAYGBQYHBwYIChAKCgkJChQODwwQFxQYGBcUFhYaHSUfGhsjHBYWICwgIyYnKSopGR8tMC0oMCUoKSj/2wBDAQcHBwoIChMKChMoGhYaKCgoKCgoKCgoKCgoKCgoKCgoKCgoKCgoKCgoKCgoKCgoKCgoKCgoKCgoKCgoKCgoKCj/wAARCADMAeADASIAAhEBAxEB/8QAHQAAAQQDAQEAAAAAAAAAAAAABQMEBgcBAggACf/EAEQQAAIBAwIDBgMFBgQFBAIDAAECAwAEEQUhBhIxBxMiQVFhMnGBFCORobEIFUJSwdEzYnKCFiRDU/AlNJLhVGNzsvH/xAAaAQACAwEBAAAAAAAAAAAAAAACBAABAwUG/8QALBEAAgIBBAEEAgIABwAAAAAAAAECEQMEEiExQRMiMlEFYUJxFDNDUoGhsf/aAAwDAQACEQMRAD8ABc8CDJYVob63QfEKgr6lM3nSf2uZ9uauP6bHd5OJNVhHQimk2tJnYioiZJD1Y14Bj1JzU9Mm4kcuscyt4hSHH691xndI3xNBATvj/pLQeKMsQN9zij/afCTx3ccqEnuYAMjb/DWqS2zQhrXcRhpOrSaLdvOyCXT5wI7q3DZDj+YejeYPrT7XFm0+4QI5ltZ0EtvNjHOh/qOhHrQ/SptNit2S753kQkEYyp6gH0FH+HI5taifQtQTuWbM1hNJ5Pj4fkwoZ/LckK6TUOD2y6AdrdsZuWXZXBU58s+dJy9/FK0UoZJFOGB8jSs1nJbzSQ3CMkqMUdTsVI6iimpR/a7S1vlGWKCGY/512BPzXlq+E/7Oi57Z/pg7TrN767WEyd2mC8kh6RoN2Y/IUrqeoi7lWKBY/sVuCtvEeoX1Pqx6n3otNb/uzQOU8omuYxPceqx5+7j/ANzeI+wFRhe6KtIE9izeZq002c/WZnKW1dIeNh9JuFiYQEXELHcYYcr9R51Jdctm1LsdstQRua40i5MRdR1jY4P0BK1B4Wytx3L4POPCfrVx9nmnfvbss17TiFd5UmQADHiC5X8wKKU9ri/2BifuX9FDRa3fpGUSU4pt3kt1ODKScnOawkTZxyHJ8sUUsLGVcO8TqPcYrsylUbGUldDm0g5EG1OFUb0sqgKBXsAVyZO3Z0I8KhArmtcYBp9Z2NxeuUtIXlI68o2HzNelt4PsjmOeOS4icLKkZJCDyyemflQ7lZbmlwDCN61IBpZlp9pGhanrDEabZSzgbFwMKP8AcdqK0uy20lbAxGDWFG/zqU3fA+t2+BJDa8/8guk5vwzQuXQ9StnKz2M4I9F5v0zQ+pF9MGOWD4TQ2hWjGjnFytD0t5kOGhkB90Io3pWm33Osv2K67r+bumx+OKFtUa7l9lg6MfufpQzXF5kaiGkZ7rBB6dDTXV05gcUtH5En0VPxyTFHbfM0J0TPdFjnejfaOnJDa468xoNpJxbCvR6f4o5eQvX9n6dojqXIcMGU5q8YdUuCcs+fmKpL9nOwnvRqrQrlVZQW9M10Gmi2qxcp5y4/izTs5wUVfYvFO3QGkkEkhZ8FmpeG67uPuzFG48iRvSU+n3UMzqI2dAdmA61u1hckgpEzDGeYGqlOCSsOGN5HSGUnxZIANeU43OK2uInjfEqEH3pszkEjG3pW0fcuDNra6H0TjrmlhIuDihcbYPXatnm5QcVewpMxqcmx32NRi/mWJSxxmn2rXZwcGoVrF47tyZyDtVqLRTYqqm7uVQZ671NdIs1ggwBjaoloEOD3jA59alMt73FoTkdKvayk/sBcZ6kLa2lOcbYrn/Xr/wC0XbkdM1MO0TiF7m4e3ifwKcGq2uGOSfOlckvCN4LyYJ5mNIHwtisq+5ya1kIyaxNROd87UMuF36U5d/Ec0jL4lNU2RDbpS3MMUgxxXuagTLNmxzEil7c+lNs1sjYNRMg5eIMTWkcRWSlI25qcInMaKiuh1ax8y9KcooXetLfYYpdlyKKgRKX4dqFXJKMaJSPgYPSmNziQEHY1TIhg82QQTTctWZhyk0gX3oGGkTNUpWOPNOVj9qURK5LGkxARe3St0h88U5ROuKVVNthVEs1s4fv4gdgXX9aJdrBm/wCObjlZiqxJsq+x60lYxd5cwoOrSKo+pFPu1W7gTixsZJZBkIPQnNYydTQrqviRzQYLaK5YXskyJOhDKg9TnepVHY2kMcctzcB7uN+aOXm5SAPhxjpjaoJdTmeZZEJQBQBt507HKUH3srDAbYZXpuDQyTfNnLaLU1yxt+KrQatpvJ9tSMfaEQ/GBsTj1H6EUK0HSsSypenFgF76ckdFXf8AMbfWg/C+uHQrpZIXVwVLcr+E58sn3GRUv4+v4f8Ah+1i00d0+rlTytsyp6Y+ZqKcVFxl34G45t0Kl4IPxTf/AGyFbkJySahMZt+ixr4Y1x+JoDPzwRBZm51bJwo86d8VoBrk1vGxSGAJEPLAA9KHdy6xloW70q30GPOijSimKydsTtnjIfwknm33xir97A3EmhXCgHuxcMN/kKoO3MytI32fIPUe2avjsAfn0G4JBB+0N5dOlZ5n7bNcHzGej8B237zuVkjGElcDI8uY4p3xRwpDHat9niXmA8hVgCLu9QuGHm5NJ38KzoQw2xXoordBJm3UrOeH0O7y3Km2adtpNnocAutfLSSEc0dlF8Te7HyFS/jbiOz0GPkslSe8b4R1Cn1NVQ+pXF1cy3F67ySSHJLb5rlzwqcqx9Gs9TJKl2LarxNqGoqbe2CWFn5QW45dvc+dP+AdK+3Rarbsgy0HMp9CDtQ24tYBbc6kLM3TfP41KuBWOgwS3UqrL3yd3EgPxnO5+VDnjDHiaXAqszi90mI6Nw9b2/Ld64rNH/07VD4pPc+i1NItQu5raONRHa2q+ERQqFwPpQWbvZW+0Tsneyb5Jx18vYCnumaY88TXV632TT4hzNPLsG+XrXM3ufLMMufJqJV4HNrYtc3XLawm4kHRVXOD71tq1zpmlgR6xf2lvdr1itlMsn1A2H1NRfibjuUwvp3Dgezsh4Wn6Sy/X+EfnUEXJYknJO5PrW8MUu2dDTfjVVzLIbWNEun+61CaFs9ZYWVT88E06m4gtLCFDZ3lxey52gtj4fqXxgfQ1W0XpRHTdp1o9lc2Nr8fjTtWS4cXatI/PLwzL3AO/dNzNil5NYsb62aSCQo42aGUcsiH3Bp/orYiBHpUZ4yeONXfu0LdebG+fnWUEnM1lilBWmQ7tEmSa2tyhzyviglgMW49KbanfPd2jc+/LJ503S8ZYQor0uCFRoRk/s6g/ZWuY47fXI3YAmRD+VX+ssZBbm2rkr9mTUGj1TVQx6op610nFfMYDlPuz1bFb5MSpN+TKORK0SMSI48JBpGINFzgMpQ9BUfbUIcYRmGfStBqargZ5gOmRQPTOSLc1aZJ1RSuGAPzpGW1gIPNCrfJaFw6yoG4JpZNbiPVTQxwygqQW+L7N3tLIE81uw+Smmd1aWBU5509CQaIJq9u3XNek1K05fEwHzFGnNfZXtITrNpYCNs3XK3+mopDoNvdXSlb2I+fi2qacSX+nlcM67+1M9Gg0y4wxMXN5bUwpOjNpGlnoSRLhJ7diP8A9mKD8a20lpo9w6yQKOU7970qcJpmlspIWI1X/abZadDpkgWME9Bg1SnIvajnG+kL3UnMxO9C7ltiaPzW0X3jjIAzUevQATg5pZmsRqJCDSjNlaYs+GNLJICMUIY3uGw1aK+UNeuR4jSINCyGX3BpMnFbk1pQlnqyvWsVsoqIgrE2DRG2fO1DlQ+VOYCVPSiRTQYixS2cCmdvKCAKcsfDvR2ZjO8bGfShks3UUSuVyKE3KYYkUIUUJSEODnrTZx5Uqd602PXrQ2GWYqAitkTrSyJ60osfoK5DZuIonrSqx5NKrEd6Wii9jQWQd8PW3Pq9rtnkfnP+3f8ApQztFWWTUIZYInLcxUuowT7VKeFoj+8gwGwRs7e1N+OMRRJIxXmVxyjyA6Gl5trLFi+o+JC9P06W/vILa6cW7SnEUj/C7+Sk+WdgCfOnNnpzpeS2N/NcWc2GV0ZAfc/pStxLp0tvNHM5QsCVOSMkdCKJXWpXN9odrqUZR72BO5mZ135l65/1Lhh7q1FNyObXA40Dh+yurhYri4a6eSURoyLgoPPP96ea/L9v7Q7a2Q5t7BAo9AFGT/SnHZ5evd3l/dParbrGmSwGQxO39DUe069JveIdRcDmVW8/MnA/Slre5p+A4r2/2Ra5lM2p3FxK20jsSfYmlbm4aObNugkQqC2OvpTKNhzFZmUIEBA9fasNcLAoW2B8S5b226U5XBnVscwSvKnJy93cDp7jzq++whCOHZHPKWed8kDzyKoK3YyW6pkCdMENjqOv9a6H7D7cw8IWbMcmRnc//I1jl6S/Ztp1cybzRk3EjeRY1XXajxjHpFq2m2Uh+3TLuy/9NfX51OOMdZi0PSJ7lyA+Dyg+Zrm+9/8AWNSluruXmlkbmIBzt6V2c2baljX/ACFkntBBVmkMhkZt887HNLRRB5C0sbBBuSBtT19PWOXMDqw80Y07W2mSFYAoYyHmYDoq/OsFkSQvuGVnZnUJkDeC2jIZyPiPoo9yKkk4jhQgjDjCKi9FHkBTeCOK1tuZMkA82ehLHzNTDhTRYLOL988QPHGcF4o5DhUH8zZ/IVy8+d5p0ugKeZ7V0L8F8ISSldS1YExjxLCfMeXN/ag/adqhJ+zhsRr0QbAfSpjrHadw7b2QgsHnvZAuP+XiITP+psCqT4n1+LVLhprkx2aknwPKHbH0rs4NEseO+5MfwwjjYFkfc5ryHJ8qZzaxp0WeTvrhvZeUfiabScScuBBZxx+58R/E7flVrS/7mP8A+If8USCEljhVZj6KM06juBZyI1z3cAO/3sgX8qZ8G2t3xNcXgnu3t4IOX/DUNknO2Tt5elSxeAtJyTOk91J6yyE5PyGKnpYY8VYcfWmrtIkfD1xFcW4aCWOQesbhh+VRvjcZjk+VCrCxPCXaBYW9t3kVpqC8jRPnzBx198EfOjHGS+B80jkxLHlTj0zSMnKDUu0VFP4bKX/+ShxnOMCiuoKBZzY/noLXaUmlwc+rLq/ZkYNxFfCTdeRc/LNdbNMlwFjgCmPG/lgVyZ+y2VHEmo868/3QwK6ohSHlDBGVvUGq1emepxRqVC1e5gfVbdbe9Kwk8mx69Kd2VhJPEZkdML1VjSOqKgYFAQx65rS1aFoyJJ2ib0HQ10sSccSjfIEuWJyuO9PKOUegrZWINNuYEnfNLRb0ckiIdROT51i4+A1iPYV6bJU0BCE8TAsc+9Z4f8MQINPOIIMgkjNMtEcKzxmtLKDNxcPDCxDEVUvaFqlxJOYu8OMZxmrQ1Q4tqp7i8d5fMfLFZ5F7Qo9kNuJ2FswoBdHOSakF1D902N81H7zbmA9aTYzEETjcmtY3IPtS0o602OxxWTDRvKeakq23x7Vodiaos8a1rYbivYzVUQ1FKxjekxS0YFWiC6LSyLvWsYwKcRrmiQNikSkU4ViOtaRrivc2+KJIFnpAGBoZdLgECiLkYpnJvnNC+S0CnG5pBvzp3MuCRTZ1oGGi5Yrf0pZLc0RhgyOlOlt8CuSzRApLbA3GKUjgywC9T0on3Ix0oxwvo7XV0JWXwA7VMcHOW1FuW1WF+FtC5LKR2H3jLnNBuKNMW50qXkiHg3PhySOhq1bC2EESqoAxUT1e0+zX88R5uRvEm+3Ka0/IYdijOPgX+VplA3EdlEYzySiRD/hsNiM0toV/3Wqz216Qlve4RubpGw+Bj+OD7E0T4ht5rDUrqMTR4DZjUgdDQaOyu9SuUt7CDv7l5OblQdfL6D3O1KOpLkRS5on/AA1p7aJwtrDykI5kflBPRVGw/WoParGOENTnUnnlmWNPf1qaX5sNL0kaTxBqUhvZI+WX7MnOAoG2STuQNs+e3pUTl1Phea2Omsur2tr3nOtwHSTf1K4G1YY8U3c6NXB8IjEYiZGWfIlU/j7Vr9pEQkRYRlv4j5VK77hF7PTjqOn3Eep6eMt9phXLR/616j57iov3fMHM0iiNjkZ2Pua2U0zBpp0xaKMNApjB70DmVh0NdSdn9mNP4asEkOOS3Vmz5HGTXNOhabJd6pY2i5PfTqi46Bc7/lmuiuLtU/c/C8rRY53XlQdPkP8Az0oHzOP65N9PwnIrTtS4i/fWutap3htoPCeU9T6VEpbJY4Y5bckFeo8zWYLY93PcXMn3hPh36uf7V6B5weWJg6HYE9RTlv7MJy3OxbvXMqTS23IgOC+Mmi8QV4e7ye8cBnyNwPIUy0tJVLyTtmOPcqf4j5ClxJGne3V05SKPxSMOp9h7npSepyf6cezGT5UUENLWG2mjur4KQX5beFujkdXb/Kv5mof2g8XPf600bs8lhagFYicCRyM5P40st1LxFqrumUtlwpx0VR0Rai/HVpLp/EchkTkjfup0BHVSBv8ALY01ocMYZOe0joafFSJrofAEuqwx3XEGoTIZcMLW2AURg+RPrUmm7NOH30q4t7WzEdy8ZVLiVi7K3k1STTI+eGNwuzAMPqKLxxHHtTznJ8s6zxwXSKMs+yLUJZAb/UbS3ToBCjSMw9d8CpRpvZdoVtyvefar49PvZORf/iuP1qx73ura1e4nYLHEOYs1VLxF2qmGV4dGt0ZQf8SZTn8M4q05S6BShHsntho1nplv9n060itos5CxjG/qfU+9Lat2jQaFpVw9pw+kc8bJCviBPMwJDNjGAcHzzVPJ2ra8Hy6Wbr/KY8fmKtvg19O1a30nUGih/eF4c3KTEuhyvkD1AHQY8qY0/sbbJKHr8R8EI7Tr2a41nhfV7q5sriY3Cc72ikIAeUhSCSQwBwc+lOuL4mkSQLv5VntzSzlsJNR05IkxfRyyLGMeMg5Y+W+KNXcK3MCvjPOob8RmkNe1uUkFDFPFcJqmUZqtpNFaTcwOC21R8Dc5q1ONbNINMduX+IVXV1ACpZBg05il6kLE5KnRcX7Klv33FGpDPSFT+ddZLa8q4G+PIiuYf2PI0biTW2fqsCY/E11fkgEAqfSmZZGlFIW9Jyk2nRE9VgIlJAOKYNp8rEY5c/OpheWX2iIZADD0piAsEciPEzMdgcUUtTKKW0YwaeMm1MipjeKRkkGGB3FLpTq8t2efm9hSPcsNgKajPdFMVnDZNxRup3rc7rSYRl6g1sDVoGgXq0PeQtUWhJhugfLoam1wnOpHrUb1CzKuWA3okwT2oSB7U4PlVR8Tf+9cHpVpXRYW5BGxFVpr8eb1waCfQUeyJXE9uiEO4DemKieoyIZH5GyObqKl2r4jgYlRkCoFcPiR/TNJy4GICch3pvJ1pTnDZFaHfbzrMNGqnNZZNqT6U4jPMtUWIDbas1u6Y38q0qEMdKUQgdaSIrwbFQg+ifPnTqJsYNC0fHSnUUmRvVoFoKofOskA5pnHIQNjvTqOQEb7GjTBEnUr0pq/nT9xkHFMplwaqiIZTimzCnUpOKav0oDRHR8FvtvTjuMZ2paDlIB2NLlQRtXGlJLg1SY1tbM3M6xr5nerK0HS0tbdcDoKr+2ultJwzdKk9rxTAsYUyqPrXQ0UVtvyY5OyaJHQziHS2vbTnhH/ADEW6j+YeYoTHxRD5Sr+NKrxNF/3F/Gm8mNZIuMvICZXl5whBxLrMCTFooosvPIvxcmeg987fjRDi++sOFdGa20W3htjy8o5R4mPlk9TUutpraSW6ubfAeYr3mDtkZqne1q4WTVYYmJOMtkdR7153JjccqwPpFOorciC3cs0zzTTZllfdnzuaGQRlwyEDmz0A3p+wdIJCPvF8iv9aHqZUmSR2EeQBhvOupFUqRinYU4W4h1HhjUjNayEoTh4SfC4+VWBdcPaJx/ZG/0Fo9P1hB47bOIpT8v4W9xt6+tVddo80oyoiXG7MaJcIam+ianHcW4YKTyyFjjIpPUYv5x7JafEibdlWj3NtxFcTaivdrYRtlXGCrnbf5DNEe1nW7qbUI7K2H3ECgnHmf8Azf61JNcvBPw5LqNmi94WiN2y7FowevvjYfKqYu9Vnu9SluZpGbxGQg9Pl+lLaZSnJyaKktsdqF5r6W3KwzL/AIe5J/mPWnVhqFu8qIuedjtjqaCnUlnZ+/QNvzGjOkxW3L9rhRecbJ86aytQi20YyVK2SRgJAsKnwrvn1bzqNaiZ9cvV06wOLOE5eTyZvM/2p9eyyJCLOFsTzjxn+VP/ALqxuzngmAW8U+pZitfiEecPL7n0FI6TDPJPclbL0+Luchv2c8CnUHjRYzHpsR+9l/7h81HqT+VRP9qXTktuLNPkhQLFLpyxqANvu3YYH0Irpe2vbS2t1ht0SOJBhUQYAFUP+1DEtzZ6DfIPhkmgJ9iAw/Q16DT6dYV+32Oph3gWT7dwtpVznPeW0bH6AD9RTjiPW7Ph+zee9kVTjwx58Tnf/wAzVTcDcUcS2vCtpBp0VktnBzRCWReZtieu/vUP4m4gv9f1MyahMJHU8oA+EfIeVCsb8j0p0iV6zxlqPEHeW0Q7u0c4EYAz19fpUcvOEb+Ve9iiODRbha3VGTnG5watzRoYpYUVgCDS2XUOD2wOhg0EZR35TnK70O+tQTJC+B7VOuHNZl03hSG4+1xRvFKY1jIBcYUb9c4q39S4Ytb63dQgBYYG1UL2gcMyaLqLgoAM5GPTJq8eaWT2y4GcSjpG8mJXxymIcQcSC5029sVPfpccjGQ5HIVO2PzFW5ws32vhzTJDnL2yHf5YrnpkJVsDoKvnsuuBPwdphcg92pj/AAJxQavGoYlX2c/LqZ6nO8k+2D+0uwI4edsbcwqpIl2ZWq9e0oo3DMoByeYGqRucRhnrfQtvGIZ+JFs/sq3dxacY6rFbWpnWSAc2DjlwTXVgvHAy9jMD7YNcq/skTkcbapjHith//aurFZ5pyGdgc+RwAKfbpIVTW5psbzas0fw2Vyf9tNJdZZm/9pcAe6Gj+QoAY5NYOCNqkZRaugmn4ZHm1S3kXElnMD68hpNbizZt45l/2mpAcjqBiseA9Rv8q0U0ukDtYxg/d7qATn5g1rPaWDZ5HKE+mafHuvMflXkaAnoKHcy9oKXR0k3SdSPlWsvDKzKeaXf2FHFMY+ED8KVBJHTao8svDJsj5IhccIxmNgZTj5VXfF/CMVu5l7zIFXRcKzqd6g/GOkz30EkcHMzEHYVpGbfYLil0c1cXvHHI8MZU+W1VzfJ4yatPi3hS/trlisErZ3JI2FVzq1u0ErRyDDispp+Q4gdetLY60iDjNKKdsisjQTkXfaswnxYr0hyaTBINQg9IBTFNCMEil43zjPWtJsdR1q2UJYrTFb17GRVFmoOKWhbBpLGDSsQqyD2LelgxXGaRhGOhpwo2GasChRHyOopOVeYGsEYJxSqAMMY3qFAq4QjambHG1GrqIcvWhMy4Y1TQcWdKQK6oCTTlH65NNb66WFcDFCG1M99y+Vcpaf1J8BvOsceQxfEd2SMGorqV53beFDn2FGftJlQACmN9BzYbFb/5EkkzPHk9ZM9pzyTxghWogIpevK1FOG7aJoegJqRLaJjZRXToEDcLTvDLPG5IDgEbdSM/3qD9pqPLrkZGMBW5f/urRNkgUlAM42que0e2dp7S5xysQVyPlXG1eJw1Cn9kn8SCdy7QuVbl9RQYoq+OVMID0Y5NSCWN5QeVgjjqB5ihE9sqElnLcjZbP5VpFisTM0EcqRyiTnUeEI38NIzBUcd8/eH+VNgPpSoVZQdu7xuCBsTW7tFCm3imx5e9DkTsplm9meqie2NrICUwY3Db5HT9KgHFYXTNX1a0aMKouCigDA5RuMe2CKL8C3si6gsI6sRnHl70N7UrhH4uuljGwjj5v9XKM/0pbEnHK4+GbJ7o2R21MbkqCcE496lemLHFEqjaG3XJx5n/AP2otp4UvzAfD0+dSe1t5Z2t9PhHNNMwL49fP8KDVyt7TKUdzoP8LWjzTSalcb8zeEkZyfL6VN11m7HSU/hRWw4fht9MtrYL/hrv7mlhocY3wBXU/G49mHd9jW1LhDDTtTu5rhVMpIpl262Zn7OUuDu9tdxPn0Dcyn9RUitNNiguFIwDW3afaC77MNejAyUt+9H+xg39DT/gF9nJ9kkxhuShlMcTb8ucD517SkMt2Opwc07tLruLPVLcY+/VW/St+Go1zJI/QedLZJNRZ0dPBTnFEn0rnFwoXNWvwwjvCpPl61VGnapaW90uVL/Lb+lWZw7rFu0sSRHHMOhNcjJF3bPRKUXGoli6eFZce1V32y6RFc2nfqy84HKcn3qVazJNbWBMUvdBhktvkbVAmitrxZnudQurjB3WWUsv4GjjLwKxg73FE3IMTsD0q0uym7LcJrFneGd1/HB/rUP4jSxa4cpGBEp6JsT+VSXsbaOSx1SNchVnUqrHOAQf7UzqHvwWcyUPTzUGON7hzoM5b4RvVMX12ZmIU4Wrz4/jjPCt5ygZ5a5+FXonWMX1K9xeP7J7hOObwE9bb+tdbCYByVxzVw12J6vPpHGUUkDACReRs+ma7Gv75bXh/wDeGckKG+ddOK3RFXjfD+ySrISMlhWpZs/FUL4S4im1+GZkQRCM8pB3zRjTruS/1K4s0IV4FDMT79KCE4zTcX0HPDPHJwkuUGyx82rUn0Jry2VwAebDemDSlvbyA4khYe+c1dozpsRJO461vFyq2CpY04isisvNznHpinMduquW/Kq3pESY072Tn5UQAedOBE5ABJwetOQi+grbyoHIKhvHbqvln51uYUx8Irz3ESfE4FIyX8CgkNn5VStl8EM490JZrCaSNQTg5Arjbje2e11WdWzjJAyN67c4jvDPbOkY2x1zXJ/a7YAak8qjq1btvbyZpc8FSscMa8relZnXlkNJDasbNBUmtTvWAdt6wTvUshupwa2JzSa9a3HSoQ1Jwa2Vs1o1eBxUshvW0bAHrtSec1jzqECMTDGxp1G2aExyEU5hmwetEnYIUEfMvzrBXB96QjuPf863MuatAmsueU0JuhkmiUjmmE25NUy4l83itISM00SwPMDjeiSjPlS8aVxI55Rtocnp4z4Yhb25UYxivX0f3Pyp6qjFYuVBhf2FZvI5StlwxKCpC/C7+RqWwozsqIpZj0AGSajnAWmXOq6ibe0XIG7ufhQepq6LO00/h+1xkGU/FI3xMf6V6GMvahJqmyOabwvPMBJduIE646sf7VBO17Q7eKykFtIXhCiQeZUjY/3qd6/r80zlYwIoQNt/E3zqG61I17YyxMfiBGTWOfH6kf2gbKKaGRVPLIGGTyv7+9Bp7bkZzLKC2RzDPlUhvLU20zIpIbOCDvv6Gg93bxo7MwdjnfFKxdC3RpEYe6jVyydQHH61iM28Rcj7wnbA3zSjsPszlV5VxkZHSkYp7eAkxjml9AN6zyIjXBIuDwYtTWW5bljQFiB54Gc/TFQ/iO8bVNdvL1ThZZSVGfLoP0qQQyumk308nhk+ysF9gxA/rUOtOZpVGQy5rLGqk5PwHDoN6UnLh3AwviPz8qtHsu02NVn1y8IVACIy3kg6mq2021e+vrbT4c80r+Ijy9T+FWVxpqEOlaNFolmwVmUd4B/Cg6D60hkUs2RQXb/8NcUedzNoO0K4/eErugNuXPKB1C52qw+HNah1q354cFsdPOueR8exqzOzK9+xzoGyAxr0WJ7UolssV0bv8EEb0U1K2+3cOalaMM99ayx49coQKO32lxXWmC7tt5FXmI9RQ+ywQA3ToaY7BlwcOXmUkU+qAH6VKuF7NEsi90jAPuOYYBoLxZbNp+u3UAGDBcyxbj0YijvDUM+qWCovOWzy7Db/AOqUzp7eDrfjXH1LkH7LVOH7aNkuIQZB05SOv40zsdVV9SiNgGDFxyg9aNrwMbOy7+85EZhkbhz+tY0HTrexu4pIIg8iuN2H9DSixLydCWop2mixOJ9G1rUNCRoLafveUeAIcnbyGKheg9nGqXs0jahaX0YI6NHgfpXTOmFZtPgdgMlB5e1KyRADYACmY6VLyc6f5CTfRyDxf2d6po9rLI0arB1z4ttj7UH7M520691a2kIzyo31BP8AeuxdZ0e21XTZ7a5QMsqlTXHN1Yy6Jx3qlnIGyIyR7qDsT9BV5sSWNpGcczy5E5dh/inUxPpN1FzZBU1TgqxdRDTWkqJuzDAqGSaNfx9bdiPUb1lpF7HResSU0J6RfPp92s8RIZfMVYU3bBrs+krpzzD7OAB8O5qt3s7lPigkH+2kmRl+JWHzFORnKKaQonyn9Fq8M9r+qaFFLHbCJlk68y9DUq4L7df3TqVzd6lZ/ae/UBuRgp2+dc/Z969WUMccbckhmeryzi4yd2dn6d+0bwzMq/aLO9h+gbH4GpDY9uXBNzjmv5YSf+5ERXB4NZEjqNnYfWtLX0LH0Ms+07g67x3ev2QJ8mfl/WijcU6HPaSPb6tZOApPhnX+9fONbqZekhpaPUrlM8smKtbbKdnet1xDbCzaS11EmUDPxgimHZ5rt7xFBP8Aa9T5ZVbACgdK4kh4gvogQsr49mNEdL421bTJu9srmaB+nMj4otRKM0vS8fZpgkscJRfbo6x4j4mv9K4kGnrKlwjFfEeoz61YElnIll33e5bk5sHp0zXC8fHeom6+0S3ErzFuYuxyc1Nrbt44iWyNtJcxsnLy5aPfFKQ9aK5dmmuliybPRVfZfWj8TNxFfnTbODluGB8TnbA6mqg7XrSS01Sa0uVAlj3ODkHNMuzvj+6sdUF9BHFJJylcH3pv2g6xcazfz3l4QZpcZwMAbYAFab5bKn2bZoYfUvD8a/7Kmvl5Zm9M0zonfpzMxoaRRITMZxWCaI6Vp5vHAxtmpC/CEkkPMikHGdqpySDjjlJWiHA1lTTnUdMnsZCsqke9M1b8atMBquxatB51lTXvKrKPDzr2K8KyKshg7GvA141iqLHEDNzddqfRZIofEeU70/hlGKNAm5jYjpTeSE+m9P4pAds1s6qR03qUBdFyidB51sb5V2yBURN5Mx862DXD9Sd64SxM6TmiTNqSj+IUnJqQk+7jyzPsAPMnoKAx2kr9ScVI+DNMLcT6T3q5iFyhOfY5o8eG3RnLKkXxwxpsHCPCqK4X7QV7yd/5nPl8h0qJalr76jcGUE8n8I/rUj7TpXi4cd1JC8wDH0FVdYX0ENl3s0oSMH4mOK7UUo8CMrskkjtMoY7kbU0mXEb8+Ao86HniG3jt7KVUeWC7B5DHgnOSoHtuKbXupR3kV1ABJGISVcEZL+RHtQyypFqBW/GISTWJ3tvCkm4Pk5HUioxPzBVbvSScZU+VTrjLRu60JLk8sMiSDu4x/KRvVdv3sqEv4sdaR3+5mWSO1jl1XusK5ZBsy5pL7QisheIoWxnbqKaRStFvy7nHlStpdGSQd/uozyjFSasCrH+svIujznGC4Tn/AMq52/pUd0oYLyemwqQXkpnsLrmG0iEgewoLp0JdY40/jNLt0pIuPESXcKXMOi2lzrNzymZgYrZGPU+Z+VQ+71i+l1S7uZ3Eksjcz5Oc/KjVywn5B/0UXkRfYVH7+0aRmaLCnOMZ61rpcKg3N9saSqNB3Sr9LxVYeFs7j0q0eHFWBN9w6Aow8j1qn+GtHurpeazDyz53jQE7Zq4+DbW4laOyMbtcOeVI8b59KcjJKSKcfay9uzG6kv8AQHM24RymT502UBJpVU7BiB+NF9LtYeEeEhHIymRELuR/E59PrUd0yRpIEkf4nHMfrTUTKXRyx2yWi2XH+tgplPtYmCnzDAN/Wp3w68Q0uOSwWOO3cBk5BjI8gaB/tFWgi4zllAwLi0ik+oyp/QUh2Yyj/h9VmlwBO4UMegwNvxrOasc0sq4JrqF+lzAkbxMSPU5ofaHN3EEj5ssNhSV3dRQ5WOOWZx7YH50wS5vZ5QI2+zqTjwfF+NLtcjfS4OntClEWmWwmITCDIJ6bUTW4hckKwZh5KM0B4OkgvuGtNlmgQyLEqksM5I2z+VHCVVSIxg5/CmvBzJdsw0qlGwDt6iucuJr6Gy7fdAvmiQW9xA9tIGGQ48akH1+IVdfaJrkPDvBer6gz8rxwMsWDgtIwIQD3yfyriPTLu5XXdPvLuWaQrOuZHYk5zvuaqfxoLGvcmXX2p8GJoVymq6Qn/pNw4BjG/wBnc+X+k+Xp09KjSEFF6dK6F0mOy13h1rC7QS208fJIp6keufXzqnOLeFL7he+7qYGW0cnuLgdHHofRvUVlplGKaRvrFJuyP9zGRhkU/SkXsLZx4oUJ+VORWRTQiC5dBsJB4rdM/KmcvCmnv0jK/KpFWcEmpSJbIhLwZatkpI60yl4MO/d3B+oqdsOtaY9qHai1Jldy8H3i/BIjCmkvDGox5xGG+RqziuflWvKM1NiCU2VRJo9/GTm2c/Km72lwnxwyD6VbhTrmkzCjdVU/Sh2IveVCyMvVWHzFa1brafbyA80KH6U1l0OykG9un4VXplqYhwDbjuEbz6054mc8zCj2gafBbxgQrjFCeIbRnkOPWl5KpcjUH7CC3uBnAoYV5mxipJc6czZODmm0emsG6b0e5JGe1se8LBUkXm6bVcGhxwT24XAJxVU2FoYscuxFTHQb6S3ZdzS8+XY9g4VBDi7huC6tXIQc2NiKpDVLFrK6dGGwO1dG3F0s9nn2qouOrRWkaVAMg+VHjl4Ms2O1ZAubyrYHesMm9abg1sJihrKnakg29bKwqyCuK1rwPpXjUIZzWyuQdjSVZqWUOUuGGxO1OY7r3oZzYrHe4q1Iqi/bbSBtkU/i0uNeoFJ/vOJRnIpGTW0XPiFcu6NVGTC8NnEnkKdW8iW0qSocOjBgfQiojNxAoU4cfjTC44iHkwqKVMJYZM6fjFtxXw20bkcs8eGx1VvX8aprjTSriwe202a0R7p5RHFlW7tkwBzbdcdT6Ud7KtfaTSopIXyQeR1z5g1aJksdYtu6vI1Y+Wdip9QfI11K3JNGDW10znifStYVVt0tLOWCFgsSRMFLhDzNyemd/wAaKjXZNJeW5vNKf7C7crPBMXZN9xj51MdY7JeS/tL7RLtpvs6uFhupWPxeeR1xk7VCNe0PWOH7ie4uNNvYYS5VGhQyqR7lc4HuaBRa7LbI3x1qhv8ASi0KsqjJBfIOOoznzxVXPOJEI8QZhnbzqecSyA6a0UyOky+Io7Z5tumc5quIGbxIUCuDkDNIRxtyk39meRWKMzB23KYpTTJkSU8w+RIpo/eox5up3xW1vExPxAHGTWzimuQK4DU8wKPg+AxuoodpsvIrtnBC8o+tLXEebNWVvhbk29x1p9w/wvrGqqsOnaNqN2ef4obdyPxxj86w9JybokY8G/B0f7x1pI7hA0Cnb0PpkVaOr8F219Z8lpbwwxxkSFhjcj1/tRzs27H9Zt4Gl1XToLFm+Dv5QWG3XlXP61aeicDaRo9jANWuP3hNF4i8g5FJ9cef1NOrG2bp0V92f6Dcxaa8Oh2EYvnGHmK4Qe5by+VWXoXD+n8KRPf38qT6o64kuCMfRR/4aUvuJbWxg7jTIUVFGFCDlUVB9Y1S4vJDJcylvQeQrXHhrlgyyCnFevSatc8oJWBchUz5+ponYEQ2y85wETf6CoC0xuLwJGfCpHMfr0qbAmTES/DnLf2rWT2psHHB5HRSXb7bM17p93IPHPDIrA+WCCP1qt+HdYu9Hs43t4o5I2mBPNnwn0+oFWp2+T989iNyInK/IEf/AFVQ2+szW+mfZbNEhOGSWUbmQcxI69CM4yN6yx+5DmSPpzdFp22p22oWa3IDoWJDKRkow6qa8rW4fm74ZznGDVV6DrlxpEknKomgk+OJzsT6g+RqU2fFOnTH73vLd/MSDI/EVHEOOZNUzqLs4vEPCdvyvz8meY+m/SpILyOKylu7uRI7dFMjOxwFQDqTVBdm3GsEIlt5LtPsRPNhd8VntZ7SI9S0KXStJYpby+GV/Nl9KnqJKvJj6EpNvwRXtW7Rhxlqwgs+ZNFtSRAjbGVuneMP0HkPnVa6hcNDZR23KpXvxOG8wQMYHtSqcoUYAGK0vLd7qOOKFTJMzBURRksScAAetFJ2jOKo6R7NdbEtnbqkhLco/TpVk6xp8GvaPJa3iZjkGx81byI9xVK8L6JrPCqQfvi3aDmCvH4gQGxupx0NWfoOsl1Cs2fUGkIT5OvLFvhZSOtgaLqs2n6lavFPEd/Rl8mHqDTdL7T3B+8ZfnV4dovB8PF2kB7cJFqkCkwSH+L1jY+h/I/WubbqF7S4lguUaKaNijo4wVI6g1c9Vlg/tC8NHhmvolSNaSDwXK496WFurfBNGfrUHa5jTqwpM6iFPgJzWkNXkl/AyyaTFH+ZO2tJCPDyt8jSZtZAd0P0qDHV7pfgldfka8uuaipytw313puGVv5KhGeNR6dk2MDjqrY+VJlSM1GYeKNRTq6t8xTqLi25xiWCJqPegKDDKc15QTtQxeKYm/xbMf7awnFmmByJIZEx6VdoqmGSgxSLDrTQcU6HJt37L8xSkep6XcNiG9Q59TUtEpoN6O2+KdX9mr8xxQ7S5ITJ91PE/wAjUhYc8QPtS2Zc2PaZ2qZFZ7EAHw0wazGelSi4ixmh7xb1hYztQJjgC+VPrVN8YpwIMnpTu3tvBms2HFcikM5jjZWO1Q3igBg48qltxGwjqK68uYmzviqg6ZpONxIA8PjIx51pJb5GQKdTeGU0rGAwp1OzluLugK0RGdqTYYo7NbhhkAUPntiD0qFU0MlbFb8221YeMrWg2PSoUbMfOteY0oAGFaYFQh4HrWCKxmvZqELDk1SY9GxTd72V+rmh/PWQ2feuYdZRSHRmY9WP41r3u1N8msE7ZzVBFmdjeqPBqd3bgkoyh+X8iav3Sp1lKlTkEVyr2f6muncV2byECKQ90+ffp+eK6b0xeWSOSMkE7HHQ11NM7x0crVKslkoiuJIvgc/I08i1OVfiAPy2oSHZfjH1FbrMp2yK3owsI3A06+Urfafa3APlLCr/AKigtzwVwTdOXn4Y0ksepFuFP5U75x61kPt1oXFEsEN2cdn5bmbhfTyf9Lf3paDgbgO1GYeF9LGPMw8360QL7dabzzYGAaigih7ax6Bp4xY6NYQY6d1bIv8ASt7jiMoCsUeANgM7UElnUA0KublQSSQB7mrUES/oM3fEN5JkKyoP8ooHc3kkzEyyM3zNC7rVoUJCMXb0Qc1DZbi/usiCLuV/mkO/4UaKsIX97FChZ3AA9TUcnu575iIQY4ehcjc/Kni6YpbvLl2mkG/i6D5CvXDJEjEkAAVYIlp0KpPDEo/iH1xv/SpVBJJFYzTgczBS1Q7R5GuNVik6IOblB89utTnlAsGUgDIxS2f6H9Cu2GuGLmw+yITHEwlUMxKgls+pqnf2huzaxi0xuLOHLVLcI3/P28K4QgnAlCjoQdmx6g+tSHh64NnO0Mlx92sjBB5gZzj86saxeHUNKntble9t5laORHHxKwwRj5VjiltaYzmw3Zwa2xIrK4Pt70b410CbhrijUtInBP2aUqjfzxndG+qkUCOw32HlTUkc5quB3azSwORDIV5tmweop5cXTyKowSooxwr2e8WcRASaTod48J6Typ3Ufz5nwD9M1bHDn7Ol5JyycS65DbKesFineN8udsAfQGh2BxyOKasoYz8qnJwBUz7ILO/uONdJ1FNOu7jT7WbvZJkhYxx4BwS2MbHFdEWXZ32c8EW4u9RtrIOm4udWnEhz6hW8P4LUR7Tu3LQIeHb3SOD5XvL2VDDHLFEUghztzDOMkeQAonjtU2AslPhFnaxYw65prozZjddv8p9R71VcdxqXD+q/Y9QgcAsVimI8Mg8iPf2qSdlnGVvruiW0zMFkYYlT+Vx1FT65t7PU7QxXMccsTjdXGc/2rnyjfR2YZHj/AKYw4cuXmtwZJBnyXrUC7aOzeXXlOtaBHzami4nt12Nwo6Ff84H4j3qw7XQUszmwmdE8kc8wH160RiNz3gR0UIBu4Ofyoo8dmGbbPo4eljeKV45VZJEJVkcYKkdQQehrXzrp3ti7M04ntzqujRxprUQ8a9BdKB0P+ceR8+h8q5leMo7I6lXU4IIwQR1BpqMk0c2cXF0zAO3lXs1jlFYxU7Ao3rAPvWprU1dEozNIEjJzTK3t3uFd2VintSlwGkHKPPbFTvQZbHTuHJre9sWku2HMjYoowspuiu5NOcRNI2Vx0B86cS6RPYwW9zIwDS5IX2otci4lZOePKo2QKOafPY6ndRW983dxovL3h6LRKCK3Mimh2122rwpAGMjnICmrj0CSRrUxT57xNiD1qutGuIdI4guZ0lEgjYiOTyxU84eaR7cXhk7yOZyC3vWWSHAxp51KgncJ1pkUydqKTrtmmLdTSo+JKnLTiBgDWnQH3puXw/nQsOC5H0kXMhIqG8RqEjapgkv3JqE8WSbMBWS4Zu1ZBLnd2wd81tak+dYkHM5NKQJt0ppSoSljtj1BlaTlgyucDelogdqXK7Zq9wLxpkfuLbHNgbUyePHWpFdQkgkUHuY+XO1HGVi04OLGB2G1amlHGCdq0xRACflWMVuRWQu1QhJ62HTbrWgNerlnZN81rtk1g/nXsVCGUYrKjA4IPWunuA9UN3o1i8h5uZF8Xv71y8T0PoavXsh1BZdL+yOwLxnmUHzXP96f0b7RztYumXaMEVholceJQaSjjKqDESARnlPStjIy9VP0pwSRhrRD8JdD/lakTaSb8lzIPnvS4uY/NgD71kTR7+Nfxq+SmNWtZ/8A8o//ABFNJbSXfnnY/SijupHxCm08yAEcwqWWCJbHmB55pD8jimb6dBk8ylj/AJjmidxcRqN3AHzoXc6jCmcPk/5d6so17iOMYVFUD0FISMq77CmlxqE75EFu59C2wodLDe3OftE/dp/LHt+dWUb6lqcMGVB5pD0VdyaCss123eXHhXqIx5fOia2MUCkooyep6mmV7cJAOVfFIeiiqKHOhSQ/vRIWbx8uVHr/AOCpnf8AepZsYo2c46LVc8OWzycX6e5yTHHLK+PcBR+tWtKmbQgMoyNz50pmdyo6ei4jZWugLdS6/qhuLdliTuymcbk5BH5CrW0yF0iVSEVMZz5io9w7pobUJ5ycqWAB+VTiGFQmSKWihrNNbmQPifso0TjniGPU9UuL2F4IlheO2KqJQCSCWIJGM42p8uk9m/ZvEktwukWEyD/GvGEtw3y5st+AqkO3jjzWm4vuNG4d1G6tbK2RY5xbPyF5epyw32BA6+tVEumahdTl3jmnnc7k5ZmPzNORyJRSOZOEpSbR03xR+0foNrzxaBp95qkg2Ekv3EX0zlj+AqqOIu2rjfXudLa6h0i2botovK2P9bZb8MUy0Xsz1OdGNwhgKjcPsR8/ehus6ZHpNw1passt10JG5B9vehebwjSGm4tsjF8bnULsvf3dxd3TH4pWaRifmd6tbgbsqWIR6jxI7qnLzJaqeUnb+P8AtUj7KuzJ9KVdb4gixefFBAwz3X+Zv836VIuKtUMKzByI0jUk/KgeTi2OafSxb5Kke9m4e4uuxo2FtGxzxr8Ofb0NWxwr2hW8yIky4bofagGn8Jfa9AF1IuLi4zMcjdc9B+GKhep6Zc6bdElWRl8wNjSzvsdcVVeDpKy4kt5lHdTLn+UHJo/YXPfDY5B6mqB4H1XWLhFh060i5VP3kzKMAAZP1x5VcOhXL8imRudfN1GPyo4tsVyY0uiXhEKeHGaqztJ7KdP4m+0ahpXLY602WJG0Vw3+ceRP8w+uatC2cFQdipHlWZ0HxCtVa6Emk+GcKahaXGnXs9nexPBdQOY5Ym6qw8jTbmq/P2i+EFeCLiayjHeJyw3gA+JeiP8AQ+E+xHpVB8tbQaasWkmnRisE7VtisIPGM9BvRAj/AEOwlu9ThS3TvHTxlfWrC1HWpDZfZ7rSokkOAGIxtUP4Zs7poJb61nETknGGwcVm+vp7wqLi6Mhj2GT0raL2oyatiupEyXLTQxrDBgDkBzQ7Q7i3N/3FwpFuWzI4GcClTFKy/FlfnTSWdtNIk7sHnOPnVX5LHPEAtJLySOyJ+yq3hcjBIqRcJKh02WeGfEULhTGW6++KESvp91w7IZlkXUWcFAo8IX50x0m8t4riKBsq3NjNU0FF07LbjbvIAw8xTaRMHrXrH7ovB3iuFAIZTkEGlZKRkqdHVg9ytDXG1NJh4vQ0+fbNNJRnc1m3waxNRJiL1qHcSNzM21Sp2xGQKimujmc4rNm8FwRLlzIRRK2t8r03rSO2zJRyztvB08q0TMWC+75c1so9ae3UHLkimuMHeiM0aSIGG1CryHrijFNblMqakZUwckbRGZkwabtRW6iwTQ+VMZNbqViMo0Ig1kNjrWpyK0JIogSUis5rPJWVWuXZ2Ea5rGTW5WsEbGpZGhIjNWV2aXDRTQOrcuDy5+YqudgKlHCGtWemqTdSEfKm9K/cJaqtp1FpOqJNAkc+ElAAz5NRbYjaoRwbqFtqun28wwyyKDv61KRbNF/7eVl/yncV0TnIelARggH503ltIm/6a59tq0766j+KJZB6qcUm9/4SHhcH5VCzL2EXLkKfxppJZxDOxx86XOppjBVx9KbS30ZBwG/CrRBvLaxHPgH1ps8ManZVH0rea9xnlRz9KHXF3ctnu7fHuxq0UhSRV3ofd3NvbgmSRQPTNIzx30+RJOsY9EG9NV0yJG5nBkf+ZzmoQY3WoTXOVs05E/7jf0FNFtxEC7tzOerGi1wUiQ82ABQWWRrt+WLIjzu3rVAkh4Jg/wCYnu2G0hEaH2Xr+JP5VK9Us3uU5YLt4HOwEag/rUW4HukmkurZNzayhCP9QzUxW5Hfgbcq+GksnyZ1dPLbBUF9CtBbQIjAkgdT5+9FLlzHAQOp2pCwmDQjl6ilLsmSFuUeIgjPpQlSdvkpO04Csb7W765vGLtNO8hx5ksTU1tOCNGtIQsVqp26sM0/tdPa0vnjJDDqDR2FTyjPU0NGim3wUR2nX2pcP3y2Wn985uQpjwCxbqAo9T7daL9lXZy1hN+++JOWTUGHNHC2/ck+bf5v0+dXDNBFIgWaNHAORzAHB9R6GhN9PHaqybDbarTotR3PkZcRakkEHd7AYqotanbX+J7XSLfLDmEtwR5KPI/OlO0zisRzpZWLd5cnfA3x86Ldk3D0llbvqWoZe8udyW6gZrNu3Q5FbETuzi7uARkAYGMYodrOhW+oRFJEAZum1Sm3gVx0FeeJSx26dPlV14MpS5KqW2l4avWt45RBDOwdXYZCsBjf2I/pU40G4kC5eZZM+ajApjx9pf2rTlkiGZIznHrUd4Uv4YvuQCh9MnBoY+1kfuiXDp10HQA7f1ovE4dcdagNhfcm6t5+dSawvucf3pnwIyg1yK8R6XDqukXthcqDBcxNE+fIEYz9OtcT6tYz6Vqd3YXi8txbStE49wcZ+vX613SriRNyKoD9ojgl+8HE+nxFlwI70KOmNlk+XkfpUg1dGOSNqyiSwFJKWmVliGSTj6VmZT3TgdcVroF3FHdoLhuRQdzit0YMLx3MccaxvHjAx6VkC2lBCZVz0qQRfu66XwXUD+z7UqeHoJhzLFG2fONq0ozIjpaSTPIrylQu2CetTPWo+GpuF4o7K0uhrC8vM7N4D6mh8nC4jH3Ymjzv0zTdtEukOY5w3s21XyThgzT9RZ5FiMfOi9celL6iLEaiLmyt5VGPEsh86za6Ve2UsjrEGZj/AA74FbySTqT31u3uStD4LD3DOrQseVcq4O61MOYOobyqn9Hf7Lq08srERk7DpVkaTfxTQhVals0f5HQ0uRP2sIyHY486aSnApZjvSMopVsdUaB9w2xAFA75OYnPlR24XqKF3adc+dC0aRdIDRQjvOlG7SLCUxRMNvRaBcJURjJ8g+8iznFCZU60dugN96GzqNyOlEADmOKQc7HNObheXp0ofK+Ns0SAchrcIN80NnTFFJTkb0zlTIIxWsReaBki9aRPWnkqYNNWFaIxJSWUedY71RnG9N/OsjzrJaWK7N3q5eEKGU42GK1LMT1rA6Gs+daLFFeDF5py7ZqNwax5/KlMVY3Yhw3p2v8QTHVImmS3AdIyfCTnzHnWsV4MnIlvZHJP/AMPW4dZInQkIWBAdc7H3q2LLUvCBOuD/ADDzpvqsEKKYo4kjSBcoFGMb4pG18Sb1qugA9HcxOMq4NJzFW3HWhjRrjO9ISSOh8LGpRAk4AFN2A3xTE3UuSOatDcyEbkfhVoocygYO1MpsAHpSE9xJybNih0rPKSGkb6GrC6F7m4ijUlmAoNc6oXytrE0h9cYFPTZw4LFSx9zmsGNUU8qgVAQG9rNcsWu3yP5B0pWOMLkKBhR5U5u2IG1L2USuyRkeHm396GXBQ44S0+3sJLmW3Y97ckNMCejAY/SpIq80gxUc4fJ+3Xf+qpJb/wCNSeTs6On+KJBpOQgHXaiGQRg4J9PKhdlsgIojHvipFcFz7EJo1M6Hqx2zSpJQnnXw/wAwpG88M8OP5hT1xlTmgl2FBg64uU/hO3Sqr7WeJf3ZbLFHJyzseVc+/X8qsbWEEDKY9ubqPKucO2i4kl4zdHbKpBHyj55zVJbnTN5z9KG5DXhXubjWhc3cqSMTnLHrV06Hq8MkUcYIBAIAHtXMqkgkgkH2qQ8N61fW1/Ckc7FQ2Rzb0Usdcozw6zfLbJHTUd2fCiHPPuSPSiqksisAMkYqFcOXDzorSY5uUdKmlsc20ZrKLsamkaXUCywZO4OaqjibTpNG1Uywg90zc3oBVuEZtmz60F16zhu7d0nTmBjznz26VJK0BB0RfRb8TxK/Ng+YzUosb7AyuPrVdaMe61CWFfg2PyqaaUgeQKegoosDJFExsNQGMdaKKYruF45FV0YFWVhkEHqCPSgmnRqUyQM0SgHdnwkjeo3RjSZQnav2O3Gm/aNV4TgaewILy2KbvB6lPNl9uo9xXPVzKUlYFehwQdq+ikDEjeqT/aM7P+H5OFtR4nitDbavAVLSQEKs2T/GuME+4wfetoZPDFp40uTlRblR5MvyNOrfVZ4SDDdyJ9TQ91ApPlG9aWzLgmNjxnrFsBy3YkUeTb0btu0OcYF7p8Mw9QMVV52O1bJI6nwuw+tEpyQO1MuO3440KcgXNnLbk9SpyKJQapw9d7Q6lyE+Ui1SK3MnmQfmKcwtzjJA+lGsjK2Iu390WV4furqynB9GANeXh97Zi0cBAG+Y2yPyqm0d4jmOR1Ps1PLXiHVbU/c30wHpzVHJNcokU1ymXBGSoCvnI23FYc5FQ/h3irU7wIl3JHKPVk3/ABqWs3NGHwAT6Ujmgou0dbT5N8eRrOOpobcDrmiTnIOaaFFZt6xXIxLhAxAQ/QmnyuVTpTyC3jK5IpWSFOQ7VooiUp2wDczE52pozEr8JovNCnMdqSaJRtir2k3kfuSSpGDQ2SJ2JwKkVxCneGtobeMjdaNQozcrIuYJMHwmvJZyuD4d6ljW0WR4ac2lrF3g8NXQL5INLpM7A4TB+VM20e4OQENWwtpCTuteFlBnPJvRpmbR/9k=
