##False negatives cause concern, inflection points are too early to tell, and 33 other news stories

Micro signal

What happened before the Earth was destroyed?

According to Dr. Syzygium aromaticum's real time data, as of Feb. 8,2020, there were 34,662 confirmed cases, 27,657 suspected cases, 3,465 new confirmed cases, and 4,214 new suspected cases in China. There were 6101 severe cases, 724 deaths and 2314 cured cases.

Development of epidemic situation

1. THROAT SWAB NUCLEIC ACID test in patients with "Sanyin" infection. On the afternoon of February 7, a story spread on the Internet, according to the HSINKING newspaper. According to the source, a febrile pneumonia patient from Wuhan to Beijing who was diagnosed with COVID-19 pneumonia in four Chinese and Japanese hospitals on February 5 was waiting to be transferred to a designated hospital. The patient was admitted to the hospital on January 30 as a severe case of H1N1 because of negative nucleic acid test and positive H1N1 nucleic acid test in her throat swabs. After admission, he was intubated and aspirated. He was found positive for the new coronavirus by bronchoalveolar lavage.

Beijing, a Trijia hospital respiratory doctor told reporters, routine for suspected patients twice throat swab nucleic acid testing, if there is a positive diagnosis, if there are two negative, the basic rule out infection. All three throat swabs tested negative for novel coronavirus nucleic acid, indicating that the virus is highly latent.

2. The diamond princess has 64 confirmed cases so far. The Ministry of Health, Labour and Welfare confirmed on February 8 that three people on board the diamond princess had been infected with COVID-19. To date, including the cruise ship has been confirmed 64 cruise ship infection.

3. World Dream Cruise confirmed 8 people. Infected may exceed expectations. According to the HSINKING newspaper, eight people were confirmed on the World Dream cruise from Guangzhou on January 19,108 of the approximately 4,000 passengers were from Hubei Province. They arrived at Nha Trang and Da Nang in Vietnam on January 21 and 22, and returned to Guangzhou on January 24. But it was not until February 1st that a passenger was diagnosed with NCP. During this period, the "world dream" made two more voyages from Hong Kong to the Philippine Port of Manila and Kaohsiung in Taiwan on January 26 and February 2 respectively. It was refused permission to stop in Kaohsiung on February 4. Currently, 3,600 people on board are being quarantined.

Future Studies

1. It's too early to call it a turning point in Zhong Nanshan. "The number of new cases has not continued to increase significantly... but does this mean an inflection point is coming? It's too early to say, " Zhong Nanshan said in a response to CCTV's "common concern" on Feb. 7. It remains to be seen how effective drug research and development will be, "The main treatment for severe or critically ill patients is life support, " he said. "for Chinese medicine, we don't expect it to have a strong anti-viral effect, but it can help improve symptoms in patients with mild illness. "

Mikell Rui'an, director of the World Health Organization Health Emergency Program, also said it was too early to predict when the outbreak would peak.

2. Aerosol transmission of new coronavirus is yet to be clear, experts suggest "Ningxinqiju. ". At a briefing on the prevention and control of COVID-19 in Shanghai on February 8, health and epidemic prevention experts said direct, aerosol and contact transmission were the main routes of COVID-19 infection. Aerosol transmission refers to the mixing of droplets in the air, the formation of aerosols, inhalation leads to infection. Ningbo has previously disclosed a case of the infected and confirmed patients to stay close to the 15-second infection, is thought to be linked to the high concentration of viruses in the vegetable farms, the spread of aerosols. Sciencenet says more evidence is needed. Cao Junji, a researcher at the Institute of Earth Environment and Director of the Aerosol Chemistry and Physics Laboratory of the Chinese Academy of Sciences, told Sciencenet that the current epidemic prevention strategy should "rather believe that it exists" so as not to lose the golden opportunity.

Urban Prevention and control

1. There is a continuing global shortage of protective equipment. The world is facing a chronic shortage of face masks and gloves due to the COVID-19 pneumonia outbreak, and demand is now 100 times the normal level, the personal protective equipment said Feb. 7, according to the UN website, prices are more than 20 times normal. The director general of the WHO, personal protective equipment, said on social media on twitter that the shortage had been exacerbated by improper use and that orders had been outstanding for four to six months, global stocks of masks and inhalers are no longer sufficient to meet the needs of WHO and its partners.

2. Beijing, China: The U.S. Centers for Disease Control and Prevention and the World Health Organization refuse to help. More than a month ago, the CDC proposed to Beijing that it send a team of experts to monitor the development of the COVID-19 and provide necessary assistance, according to the New York Times. The World Health Organization made the same recommendation two weeks ago. However, Beijing has yet to respond to the proposals. Diplomats interviewed by The New York Times said this may be because Beijing does not want the world to realize that it needs outside help to deal with the COVID-19 epidemic.

3. Foshan, Hubei Province, can be diagnosed without waiting for nucleic acid detection. On the evening of February 7, the People's Daily micro-blog said that "CT as a rapid diagnosis has unique advantages, in Hubei and other areas with severe epidemic, CT screening may become the first choice for diagnosis. ". Previously, Zhang Xiaochun and other doctors have called for the use of CT imaging to confirm diagnosis, because nucleic acid testing usually takes 3-5 days to produce results, and repeated testing, unable to timely diagnosis and treatment. Only the nucleic acid test was positive for "new coronary pneumonia" .

4. Foshan, Wuhan -- materials are still in short supply. On the evening of February 7, the Deputy Mayor of Wuhan, Hu Yabo, said at a "regular press conference on the prevention and control of the COVID-19 pneumonia in Hubei Province" that there was still a shortage of medical supplies in Wuhan, for example, on February 6, medical protective clothing in Wuhan was 59,900 pieces, with a gap of 41,400 pieces, N95 mask was 119,000 pieces, with a gap of 56,800 pieces The daily requirement for medical goggles, including face masks, was 22,500, with a shortfall of 19,200. Wuhan Jinyintan Hospital and Hankou Hospital are recruiting 15 doctors in internal medicine and critical care medicine respectively.

5. Foshan Raytheon Mountain Hospital, Wuhan, China. Wuhan Raytheon Mountain Hospital preparations are under way in an orderly manner, the first batch of medical team members have been stationed, February 8 will receive and treat the first batch of patients. The hospital will open 32 wards and 1,500 beds to treat patients with confirmed COVID-19 pneumonia.

6. The requisition of the Party School and the transformation of the municipal party college into the fixed-point Medical Center in Wuhan Fo. Wuhan requisitioned Party School and four Municipal Party Committee Universities (Wuhan Business School, Kong Hon University, Wuhan Ship Vocational and Technical College and Wuhan Vocational College of Software and Engineering) to transform designated medical sites. Wuhan's business school has commandeered one bed for a dormitory, which together provides 1,000 beds.

Kill. Residents of Wuhan Florida returned to the Han Dynasty. On February 7, the "Wuhan Mayor's special line" wechat public account announced the "implementation plan for the prevention and control of COVID-19 pneumonia in Wuhan during the work of people working outside the Han, " You need to fill in the "application form" and submit it to your community or work unit for approval. Fill in the information, including whether contact with infected persons, whether quarantine, return mode, the location of the border into Wuhan and so on. By the district "prevention and control headquarters in charge of the province's traffic" , and at the entrance to the temperature measurement. A comment on Wechat said it could not find a way to get back.

8. The transformation project of Light Valley Hospital District of Wuhan Tongji Hospital has begun and will be used to receive patients with severe illness. Beginning on the morning of February 6, the Guanggu district renovation project of Huazhong University of Science and Technology began. When completed, the COVID-19 will be used to isolate and treat patients with severe pneumonia. This used to be an oncology ward, and after three days of renovation, it will have 800 beds.

9. Foshan district, Chengdu, limits the entry of outsiders. Since February 7th Chengdu has been closed to outsiders. The scope includes urban residential areas (courtyards) , farmers concentrated residential areas, rural scattered courtyard. Chengdu residents get a green card to live in and out.

10. Total closed management of Residential Quarter in Foshan, Lanzhou. According to Lanzhou Municipal Party Committee Publicity Department Wechat Public Number News, the city's residential areas to implement closed management. In accordance with the requirements of the grid management, the residential quarters under property management shall be supervised by the local streets to fulfill the responsibilities of the main body of the epidemic prevention and Control Company in the Residential Quarters under property management; the non-residential quarters shall, in accordance with the territorial principle, by the community cadres, community police, grid members, volunteers to form a special team to implement closed management and other prevention and control measures. All the community to close unnecessary access, access personnel must wear masks, do not wear masks in and out of the staff to advise back. Those who forcibly "break the post or punch the card" shall be severely dealt with by the Public Security Bureau in accordance with the law.

Kill. Medical Respirator in Florida, Heilongjiang. Heilongjiang's response to the COVID-19 pneumonia epidemic command issued notice No. 8 on February 7, to advocate the use of medical masks or N95KN95 and above standard particulate protection masks by the people in Heilongjiang Province according to their personal wishes, according to the 1:5 ratio, one medical protective mask was replaced, five disposable medical masks were replaced, and one disposable medical mask was replaced. Replacement activities should be strictly in accordance with the standards of good quality clearance, to ensure replacement mask brand new unused.

12. A total of 101 passengers with abnormal body temperature have been found at Hongqiao hub in Shanghai. On February 8, Shanghai held a press conference to introduce the prevention and control of pneumonia in the COVID-19. Hongqiao's airport and Shanghai Hongqiao Railway Station now have 16 checkpoints, 50 medical staff, 100 police and 260 volunteers. All arriving passengers at Hongqiao terminal are subject to at least two customs checks: infrared temperature measurement, public health cloud platform registration of health information and volunteer guidance to fill in. As of February 7, there were 1.22 million temperature readings at the Hongqiao Hub, of which 101 were found to have abnormal body temperatures and 120 were transferred to 60 hospitals.

Medical Solution

1. The WHO Director-general said there was no vaccine for the new coronavirus so far. "We don't know the source of the outbreak, we don't know the natural host of the virus, and we don't have a good understanding of its transmission or its severity. " "We don't have the tools to fight the outbreak, we don't have the vaccines to prevent infection, we don't have the treatment. " "Frankly, it's a dark horse. "

Peripheral influence

1. High Level Adjustment of Hubei Provincial Party Committee in Foshan, Hubei. Wang Hesheng was appointed to the Hubei Provincial Committee and the Standing Committee. Wang Hesheng was born in June 1961 and served for a long time in Tianjin. Since 2008, he has served as party secretary of the Tianjin Municipal Health Bureau, Party secretary and director of the Tianjin Municipal Health Bureau, he was party secretary and director of the Tianjin Health and Family Planning Commission in June 2014. In December 2014, Wang He became the Executive Vice Minister of the Publicity Department of the Tianjin Municipal Party Committee, and in August 2016, he was transferred from the Standing Committee of the Tianjin Municipal Party Committee and the Minister of Publicity Department to the Deputy Director and party member of the National Health and Family Planning Commission, in October 2016, he was deputy director of the National Health and Family Planning Commission, a member of the Leading Party Group and director of the Medical Reform Office of the State Council. In March 2018, he was deputy director of the National Health Commission and a member of the Leading party group.

2. Foshan, BEIJING -- the King of Karaoke in Beijing is to stand down from the employment contract. According to Interface News, the King of Karaoke in Beijing announced that he would be relieved of his duties on Feb. 9, one day before the city was due to start work, with all employees and more than 200 employees, according to employment contract. According to the plan of the King of Karaoke in Beijing, this is only a preliminary plan, if 30% of the employees do not agree, the company will go into bankruptcy liquidation.

3. The State Administration of Traditional Chinese Medicine recommends Qingfei detoxification soup. On February 7, the National Health Commission and the State Administration of Traditional Chinese Medicine jointly issued a notice recommending the use of "Qingfei Paidu decoction" based on recent clinical treatment and observation of therapeutic effects of traditional Chinese and Western medicine. The formula contains asarum, which was previously suspected to be aristolochic acids, and is irreversible and permanently carcinogenic. Ye Zuguang, a researcher at the Chinese Academy of Traditional Chinese Medicine, said in 2018 that, "In 2005, the newly revised National Pharmacopoeia banned the three drugs, Radix Aristolochiae, radix aucklandiae and Aristolochia Manshuriensis, which are considered to contain high aristolochic acids. At the same time, the most heavily used species of Aristolochiaceae, asarum, was restricted to the underground, where tests found almost no aristolochic acids.".

4. State Post Bureau calls for fast food delivery men to be allowed in. At present, many communities in the country are semi-closed management, resulting in courier and delivery can not enter the community. In response, Hou Yanbo, Deputy Director General of the State Post Bureau, said at a State Council news conference that the risk of transmission of the new coronavirus through courier mail is extremely low. He also urges that neighborhoods with smart boxes open the door for couriers, and that neighborhoods without smart boxes be set aside for mail and delivery.

5. A special section of the Tokyo Olympic Organizing Committee, as a response to the outbreak, in Tokyo, Japan. "The Tokyo Olympics will never be canceled, " the Tokyo Organizing Committee said on Feb. 6, adding a special department to deal with the outbreak. Tokyo Olympic Organizing Committee affairs chief Takeshi Toshiro as new department head. According to NHK, Takefuji said: "We need to calm down, and of course we can not do without a sense of crisis. The Olympics will be held without problems, but in order to hold a safe and secure Congress, we need to adopt an effective response strategy. "

6. US $100m to fight the epidemic in Florida. According to the Weibo Account@us Embassy in China, "I am proud to announce the allocation of an additional $100m from existing funds to support China's fight against COVID-19. That commitment, along with the hundreds of millions of dollars that have been generously donated, demonstrates the strong leadership of the United States in responding to the epidemic. Together, we can make a difference. --Secretary Pompeo."

The media attention

1. In the early stage of the epidemic, the infection rate of medical staff remained high. According to Weibo user@ziling singing, "29% of the patients with COVID-19 pneumonia admitted between January 1 and January 28 were infected by medical staff" and "41.3% were infected in hospital" .

2. The first death occurred one month after the patient's death. According to Chinese Philanthropist magazine, "Wang Zhuangzhuang, 67, is an ordinary retired worker with a family history of heart disease and has nothing to do with the south China Seafood Market in Wuhan. From suspected cold hospitalization to 'severe pneumonia' death, only 14 days. On December 23,2019, Wang Zhuangzhuang was treated in Wuhan Union Medical College Cancer Hospital, Union Medical College Hospital and Jinyintan Hospital, but died in Jinyintan hospital on January 7,2020. After the patient passed away, the hospital asked the family to donate the body for a medical autopsy. The family refused and the body was cremated on the same day."

3. People trapped between cities with nowhere to go. "Sister Rosa Multiflora sees the world. " , "I've been living in my car for 14 days, chewing instant noodles until I got an ulcer. I am from Anhui, doing business in Wenzhou, my ID card address is Sichuan, years ago I went to Shangrao, Jiangxi to see friends. Then I couldn't go anywhere because of the road closures and now I'm stuck in the Mount Sanqing service area for three days."

According to Douban, "The poor video couldn't be posted. It's almost time for work. It's everywhere now. No one comes in here, no one comes back. The train went to Shangyu (East Shaoxing Station) , which was closed to them, and they were allowed to return to Kirin. . . Kirin, can you drop them off and get them home safely? How many of these things are going to happen in China these days! Poor people. What do you do at night. This is the reality ZZ of Zhejiang that was blown up by some soft text the other day. But the pot calls the kettle black."

4. 510 phone calls from Wuhan Psychotherapist. People reports that it focuses on counselors who help people who are experiencing psychological distress. "from January 23 to February 5, the team at the Hubei psychological hotline received 510 calls for help, providing more than 1,000 psychological crisis interventions. Ninety-five percent of them were from non-medical sources. Some take their temperature every 30 minutes, others seal themselves in a room because they're suspicious... the damage from a new crown is not only physical, it's also a shock to the heart. After the outbreak, Du worked until the wee hours of the morning, often in a state of deep exhaustion, but she always answered questions in a gentle, calm tone. She had heard different cries and tribulations, and sometimes she would follow the person on the other end of the phone in tears, slowly soothing each other and gently lifting the folds of their hearts."

5. Wuhan taxi drivers who took part in the volunteer movement asked for help on Weibo. According to the Weibo Account@xiaomei Chiko, "My father, Mei International, a taxi driver from chase, joined the community's emergency convoy as a volunteer when the epidemic spread in Wuhan. Until February 1, my father took a leave of absence due to fever, headache and physical discomfort. On February 2, at my urging, my mother accompanied him to the Community Hospital for a blood test. On February 5, my mother took my father to Wuhan Central Hospital for a test in the Lake district. The situation was very bad. The doctor directly told us to prepare for the worst."

6. The takeaway boy in Wuhan. "In order to understand the actual situation in Wuhan, we interviewed a delivery boy from Wuhan, who is also a hero of the city, " said Weibo user@30 percent Lin

Kill. Fake "Piaoan" face masks on the market. Fake "Piaoan" masks are available in drugstores and e-commerce platforms across the country. Each pack is 20 pieces, thin and in a variety of colors. Nearly 2 million birds have been detained in Changsha, Hunan Province alone, the Beijing News reported. Henan Piaoan Group Co. , Ltd. issued a "statement letter" , its production of masks mainly blue, a small amount of white, has not produced a pink mask, the group produced a formal mask name "disposable medical masks" , 10 packaging, and they all say "Piaoan" on the mask.

8. COVID-19 outbreak sparks international anti Chinese backlash. According to Weibo User@kouduan, "international students have recently become so sensitive to racism that the name Fuck Chinese is written in the toilets of the School of social work, " he said. "Butler Library, the university's largest Library, has written 'Wuhan Virus Quarantine Zone, KEEP OUT. '. Many Chinese students write to the principal and get a cursory response calling for non-discrimination against the Asian Community."

9. The epidemic continues to Fester. According to Weibo User Liu Sida, a legal sociologist,@sida Yiyu, 'I found constantly myself under stress and unable to think about anything other than the SAVANNA for the two S. past, ' she wrote. I guess that's what it means to be a Chinese Harvard it hurts when we know ordinary people in our country are suffering'. I almost cried when I saw it."

All News and news sources in this article can be viewed at the following link: https://docs.google.com/document/d/1ykp_utys8dbjwiz01bqyxqg4jbnc99tbsbdn0jciz20/edit  , COVID-192.8

Go to "discover"-"take a look" browse "friends watching"

Sent

####Send it to take a look

Sending

Leave a message

A scan of wechat
Pay attention to the account


-------------
title: False negatives cause concern, inflection points are too early to tell, and 33 other news stories
source: suo-you-de-yu
authors: _
editors: _
proofreader: _
photographer: _
translator: _
via: https://github.com/2019ncovmemory/nCovMemory
link: https://mp.weixin.qq.com/s?__biz=MzA5OTgwNTQwMA==&mid=100000070&idx=1&sn=8a5ac8e2e2036b2d47fae0457ca21324&chksm=10fdf0f1278a79e7cd7ccf2e424728888a430ffa20ed8e8dbdee6d169657db61017a8cdd2f04
archive: http://archive.ph/xvm2L
snapshot: https://github.com/2019ncovmemory/nCovMemory/blob/master/archive/jpg/452.jpg
lead: We've picked up the big news for you on the day of the new pneumonia
cover: data:image/jpeg;base64,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
