##10 days of life and death for a medical graduate student from diagnosis to recovery

Wechat media-fox

Features, for those who insist on serious reading options. Sohu News Extreme Day studio.

Li Linlin, a medical student from Henan Province in Wuhan, felt sick after a class reunion years ago. She was diagnosed with COVID-19 pneumonia after returning home and was admitted to an isolation ward in a county hospital with inadequate medical care. Her family also developed fever and her mother was diagnosed. From a fever on January 23 to a basic recovery on February 1, Li Linlin used her professional knowledge to fight the virus for 10 days together with local medical staff. She's still in the hospital for observation, awaiting discharge.

Article on Zhou Hang

Editor, Tao Ruogu

As the epidemic spreads, the COVID-19 is showing its complex side. Some people showed mild symptoms or even no pneumonia, but there were many people in critical condition, even life-threatening.

Li Linlin is in between, and many young patients like a cold is different, 24-year-old she experienced several hours of embarrassment, consciously from the door of death a trip. At the critical moment, under the condition of oxygen supply in the hospital, the graduate student of the Famous University of Wuhan began the textbook-style "self-help" .

As of 2400 hours on February 2, there were 17,205 confirmed cases of COVID-19 pneumonia in China, with 475 cured and discharged from hospitals, according to the National Health Commission. Soon, Li Linlin will be counted among the healers.

After 10 days of illness and recovery, she learned that medical knowledge and willpower were necessary to face the epidemic as individuals. Through it all, she said she would be more fearless in the future.

Here's how she dictated the process:

Photo of Li Linlin. Photo provided by interviewee

How can it be my turn

Now Look, the outbreak of the disease is too secret, many people do not know their illness, already contact, infected a lot of people.

My earliest symptom is January 16, years ago, eight or nine students dinner, eat back to the laboratory, began to feel sick, a little dizzy, I prepared a thermometer, a measure really a little hot, 37 degrees 2. I guess I ate too much and drank too much wine. That day also wanted to do something, to graduate, the project and thesis to be busy, but feel very sleepy, straight back to the dormitory to sleep.

I didn't even think about the COVID-19 at the time. There were only forty cases reported. How could it be my turn? I had never been to the south China Seafood Market.

Strangely enough, the next few days did not feel sick, to do what to do, and friends went out to eat grilled fish, or even stayed up all night. That's what's so scary about this virus. It's so secret.

I was sure there was something wrong with the meal because I hadn't had a cold in seven or eight years, and my nose rarely dripped, except on that day. Now think, may also because too long do not catch a cold, the immune system has not exercised, resistance but not.

The classmate that eats a meal together, later more or less all have symptom, calorific, cough, resemble a cold. As far as I know, most are not diagnosed, just quarantined in the hospital. There have been isolated cases.

I returned home on January 19th, the high-speed train to Pukuai County, and then back to the village. The next few days, when the outbreak broke out, I stayed at home, not visiting relatives, and only went out for a walk at night.

The fourth day back home, January 23 at noon, eat a bowl of dumplings, I feel fever, a measure of 38 degrees, and feel very cold, also think how this winter, the home turned on the air conditioning is still so cold, get into bed, muscle began to feel sour.

I was panicking: What was I supposed to do, get shot?

I cried in secret, holding it in, and spat into a frothy, see-through, medically called CATARRH. I knew there was something wrong. After wiping phlegm, I threw the trash can. I told my parents not to touch the trash can. I sealed it and disposed of it. I put on the mask, let them wear it, let them talk to their friends and relatives, and put it on quickly.

When my dad called 120, I answered the phone and told him in no uncertain terms: I have a fever, and it is very likely that I will catch this virus. The other guy was cool, too. Asked me how I was doing.

It took an hour or two for the ambulance to reach the village. The road was jammed and we drove slowly, looking through the glass into a gray sky. I thought to myself, "My god, why are all these people still out there? ".

There was a "negative feedback effect" in mind -- the more intense it was, the more likely it was to magnify the disease, and the fear that the epidemic would get out of control sent her body temperature up again. Even to throw up, and quickly find a garbage bag, vomit, I carried all the way to the isolation ward before throwing away.

I didn't know until I got to county hospital that I was the first person in the county to be admitted to an isolation ward. This is crazy. Why is it my turn.

Small County isolation ward conditions are very general, the door is made of wood, the toilet to go out the door can go on, the lights are broken inside, to their own mobile phones. At first I thought, why to come back, Wuhan medical conditions are not better. Afterwards felicitates, fortunately came back, my God, certainly does not rank the number in Wuhan.

The doctor in the isolation ward was wearing several layers of face masks, and he could only see his eyes. He had no protective clothing for a few days. He was wearing only a blue isolation suit. I'm worried about them. I don't want them to touch me. If you need anything, just call and post it on Wechat.

But they were really brave, and no one flinched. The doctors told me it was their job.

Data Map.

Sudden lack of oxygen

I did all the tests the day I came in. CT Scan, CBC, all the markers like transaminase are abnormal, and there are so many fewer immune-related cells, the white blood cells are almost down to zero.

The next day, the CDC people came and took a throat swab for a "throat swab. ". We'll have the results by the end of the day. No surprises. Positive. I've been diagnosed.

When my relatives called me, their tone was somber. I was cool with it. I said it was fine. I knew it. The pain comes slowly.

Treatment is infusion, a variety of liquid, symptomatic medicine, anti-inflammatory, liver protection. But what I do know is that when your immune system is in trouble, medication is almost always an adjunct, and you have to rely on your body and your beliefs. Working with the doctor is one thing, and being relaxed is another. Those few days I think a little way, with the food around, water to adjust the body of discomfort.

With this disease, you get a craving for water. Three or four hundred milliliters a cup, I can drink ten cups, no urine, but went to the bathroom only to find that, in fact, the bladder is dying, that it's reduced sensitivity.

After the onset of no appetite, a day to drink a carton of milk, eat two or three eggs, one of our local pancake. The milk needs to be warmed up and sipped slowly. Do not eat too much, lest the body temperature rise, also do not eat too little, lest hypoglycemia.

I'm the first patient in this hospital, and the doctors have no experience. A lot of the time I just do my own research on the Internet and talk to them. For example, when I see that a certain drug for HIV is working, and my professors think it's working, I say to them:. Two hours later, the county CDC Director transferred the drugs.

Later I learned that on the day I moved in, the county was on edge, having an emergency meeting, assigning tasks, including the deployment of supplies, drugs, to protect us.

On the second day of my hospital stay, New Year's Eve, Black Snow's last day, I thought that after that, the water retrograde would end and everything would be fine, but that night at 12 o'clock, I suddenly felt a little faint from inhaling.

I touched his heart, found weak down, and then touch the carotid artery, almost can not feel the beat, there is a sound is rustle, not normal people Dong Dong Dong Dong.

I reacted, breathing heavily, and at the same time trying to calm myself down -- more so if I were nervous -- to call the nurse to bring an oxygen tank, breathing heavily, trying to match and rise and fall the RIB cage.

I told myself that I couldn't fall asleep during this difficult time, or I might forget to breathe. You can't lie down, or you'll crush your lungs, so always lean back, legs and body at about 100 degrees.

Medically, the respiratory distress I experienced was one of the more severe manifestations of the outbreak. Normal people squeeze their nose and breathe hard, but I can't remember to inhale when I'm in distress.

I called the doctors and told them to be ready to help, but if they didn't, the organ failure, as soon as possible, do not waste medical resources.

Before the doctor came, I was sucking on oxygen, trying to move my limbs, trying to get them to warm up, and I made a deathbed video. I wanted to say good-bye to everyone. It was on and off for 20 minutes.

The doctor came at two or three in the morning to encourage me and keep me going, but my hands and feet were cold, numb, my face was white, my hearing was weak, and I had no strength to speak.

It took two or three hours for my hands and feet to warm up, and I stopped feeling like I was dying, and then I got a fever of almost 100, but I think that's a good thing, because the immune system is finally fighting back.

Then I breathed in oxygen, calmed myself, and, though my muscles continued to ache, it made sense to be there -- if not, I'd fall asleep and forget to breathe.

Trance in the morning, I clearly feel that he passed a robbery, out of oxygen, spontaneous breathing gradually recovered.

COVID-19 pneumonia under treatment

I just want to take a shower

On the third day, the nurse brought in the hospital food, but forgot the chopsticks. I used the milk Straw as a chopstick.

It was a much better day. Once her temperature was back to 36.5, and after eating, her temperature rose again, but it was no more than 38 degrees, not as high as before, and her muscles were not as sore as before.

This Day my parents, my brother also came to the hospital. They both had a fever the day before, and I asked them to stay another day, but they couldn't make it.

My mom was the only one who was diagnosed and put in isolation. My Dad and my brother have good resistance, low viral load, undetectable, and they've all gone home to quarantine. I talk to them on the phone every day, tell them I'm fine. Come and go seven aunt, eight aunt also in the home isolation, their own home cooking.

The hospital marked me as "mild" . But my mom was the real mild case, except for the first fever, which then became almost asymptomatic.

We moved into the same room, so I got her breathing more, eating on time, square dancing every day, exercising. I don't want her to remember that.

Those days and classmates, friends communication, found that we are afraid, do not know when the epidemic under control, I was afraid at first, but after the most dangerous moment, not afraid. If you want to live, you have to face it in peace.

And I'm getting better and better. On the fourth day, just after 7:00 a.m. , her temperature was 37 degrees. The nurse came to take blood, and I said I was fine, and she said I was strong and good-looking. I was so moved by that, I wanted to cry. I hadn't showered in more than a week, and I was in a terrible mess after a battle with an illness.

To tell you the truth, I didn't pay much attention to current events before, but now I'm very concerned about this epidemic. I don't buy much of the news, though, unless it's from Zhong Nanshan, who knows what's going on and won't lie.

February 1, the night before the News said Shuanghuanglian can suppress the virus, my mother said, you see Shuanghuanglian effective, I said, this you believe, might as well sleep. She said the experts said it, and I said, "do you listen to the experts or your daughter? ". She thinks I'm too theoretical, and she still doesn't believe me.

Then my aunt called, told my mom we couldn't get any more, they were all sold out. She was supposed to be quarantined, but I don't know why she snuck out to buy a pair of Coptis. I answered the phone, told her double Coptis so bitter, drink it why AH, drinking water is not good.

I know from personal experience that water works.

But also can not brush too much news, otherwise will see more fear, "negative feedback effect" is very obvious. Now I think the disease itself is not so terrible, sometimes it needs to be overcome by will power. I tell people in my friend zone zone zone zone zone zone zone zone zone zone zone zone zone zone zone zone zone zone zone zone zone zone zone zone zone zone zone zone zone zone zone zone zone zone zone zone zone zone zone zone zone zone zone zone zone zone zone zone zone zone zone zone zone zone zone zone zone zone zone zone zone zone zone zone zone zone zone.

Recently the doctor gave me a CT, the results are very good, the lung inflammation in absorption, almost nothing. But the next quarantine for a period of time, the doctor was afraid that I would not be able to immunity, these days are playing immunoglobulin.

With the other meds, I'm on 20 hours a day, a dozen vials of fluid, my left and right hands are swollen, I can't close my fists, I can't lift my arms. But after a near-death experience, it's nice to be able to get fluids in your back.

Since I've been in the hospital, I've been focusing on the cure, from onset to discharge, in about 14 days, and the latest version of the protocol says, two negative nucleic acid tests. I expect it will heal quickly. There's no hormones in the treatment, and there's no physical discomfort, no sequelae. Don't worry about that.

Like a lot of people, I just got sick. Thanks to the doctors and nurses, they're the ones doing the best they can compared to me. I'm just a regular guy.

In the future, I also want to contribute to public health. Animal Disease Prevention and control, live poultry marketing, these need to be improved. But right now, I just want to take a shower.

Reply to the "Reader Group" in the background and join in more discussions

WECHAT SWEEPS UP Praise for author

####Send it to the author

People Admire

Long-press the QR code to transfer the funds to me

Under apple's new rules, wechat's iOS version of the APP has been turned off to support public accounts through Qr code transfers.

Go to "discover"-"take a look" browse "friends watching"

Sent

####Send it to take a look

Sending

A scan of wechat
Pay attention to the account


-------------
title: 10 days of life and death for a medical graduate student from diagnosis to recovery
source: ji-zhou-gong-zuo-shi
authors: _
editors: _
proofreader: _
photographer: _
translator: _
via: https://github.com/2019ncovmemory/nCovMemory
link: https://mp.weixin.qq.com/s/N1jDooSKnf2dJrDaHoqCWA
archive: http://archive.ph/Ol9GV
snapshot: https://github.com/2019ncovmemory/nCovMemory/blob/master/archive/jpg/1175.jpg
lead: I know from personal experience that water works.
cover: data:image/jpeg;base64,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
