##To improve the accuracy of nucleic acid test for new coronary pneumonia, experts suggest a systematic comparison of reagents

I-CAIJING

CAIJING magazine official Wechat. "CAIJING" magazine, sponsored by the China Securities Market Research Center, was first published in 1998, adhering to the news concept of "independence, exclusiveness and originality" , and is known for authoritative, impartial and professional reporting, it is a must-read publication for policy-makers, researchers and managers in the field of politics and economics.

The following article is from the living grain, the author living grain

Linkage of three medical, bridge capital, direct health

_
The low positive rate of nucleic acid test in NCP was related to the development stage of the disease, the standardization of the collection process and the quality of the Kit. In order to reduce the possibility of "missed diagnosis" , experts suggest that different manufacturers of reagent boxes for systematic comparison
_

_

The low positive rate of nucleic acid test in NCP was related to the development stage of the disease, the standardization of the collection process and the quality of the Kit. In order to reduce the possibility of "missed diagnosis" , experts suggest that different manufacturers of reagent boxes for systematic comparison

By Sun Aimin, Caijing reporter, Yan Qing Wang Xiao

Editor | Wang Xiao

Recently, in the ICU ward of a third-class hospital in Hubei Province, during clinical observation and CT examination, the symptoms of a critically ill patient were consistent with the infection of new coronary pneumonia, but repeated 4 nucleic acid tests were done before the double positive result appeared.

The same thing happened to Li Wenliang, a doctor at Wuhan Central Hospital who just died. "positive nucleic acid test, dust settled, confirmed diagnosis, " He tweeted on Feb. 1. It is understood that he has done more than one nucleic acid test before, the results were negative.

A similar case was reported by the Beijing News on February 8. A patient with febrile pneumonia from Wuhan was admitted to the china-japan Friendship Hospital in Beijing. After four nucleic acid tests, the patient was finally confirmed to be positive for the new coronavirus, the first three times throat swab new coronavirus nucleic acid test are negative, H1N1 nucleic acid test positive, once "severe H1N1" admission, February 5 was diagnosed as COVID-19 pneumonia.

"It's normal to have this kind of situation, " Wang Chengbin, director of the 301 Military Hospital, told Caijing. There are three main reasons for the low positive rate of nucleic acid tests The second is the collection process and mode, and the third is the problem of the test kit.

"Dr. Li Wenliang just started to test negative, did not test, may be caused by the above three reasons. His entire medical treatment process, what went wrong, need to be investigated, " Wang said.

Although detection rates are controversial, nucleic acid testing remains one of the most important diagnostic and confirmatory methods for COVID-19 pneumonia.

Early Detection and isolation of patients depends on nucleic acid testing, Wang Guiqiang, director of the Infectious Diseases Department at Peking University First Hospital, said at a Health Commission news conference on February 7. We are now encouraging qualified medical institutions throughout the country, especially in areas like Wuhan, to carry out nucleic acid testing. At this stage, the ability of nucleic acid detection has been greatly improved, recently all over the country, nucleic acid detection is not a problem.

Which link will affect the accuracy of sampling?

It is understood that a hospital in Tianjin suspected patients test results were negative on the first day, the next day or the third day to test again, turned into a positive. Wang Chengbin analysis that this may be because "patients in the early stage of the disease, the amount of the virus less. ".

Detox Times can also affect sample quality, such as if the patient has just coughed up sputum, handled respiratory secretions, and viral levels may be low or undetectable.

In some cases, the problem may be the sampling. The genetic information of the virus is stored in the nucleic acid, indicating the characteristics of the virus, but also like a "identity card. ". The receptor for COVID-19 entering the body is angiotensin converting enzyme 2, which is found in cells in the body's mucous membranes, allowing the virus to enter the body through the mucous membranes of the eyes, nose and mouth.

Respiratory specimens including throat swab, nasopharyngeal swab, nasopharyngeal Swab, sputum, aspirate, bronchoalveolar lavage fluid, bronchoalveolar lavage fluid, etc. .

As far as front-line doctors are concerned, the nucleic acid test for NCP mainly consists of throat swabs. The specimens were collected from the upper respiratory tract, or throat, of the suspected patient.

The quality of sample collection can seriously affect the test results. About a week ago, a nurse at a new crown pneumonia hospital in Wuhan was told she needed to collect samples from suspected patients. As a smoking nurse, she was no stranger to the sampling process. But even wrapped in protective gear, the nurse was still a little nervous about a suspected case of NCP, because "the patient has to breathe on her own" as she sampled it. At this point, she can't even breathe.

According to the hospital professionals: The correct position of the throat swab collection is to swab the two sides of the Palatine arch and pharynx, tonsil secretions. Northwest a provincial CDC laboratory director told the "financial" reporter, some nurses in the sampling time more afraid, may have nothing, and finally only a little saliva.

Throat Swabs require a high level of personnel. "Now they have doctors and nurses, and they have different levels, and they don't do a lot of collecting. Some of the samples were collected in the wrong place, some in inadequate quantities, and some patients felt uncomfortable during collection and did not cooperate well,"Wang said.

When you're inexperienced, you're out of shape. The above nurse describes, in the operation, also appeared to sample the part that does not have virus, the test result is negative, need to take again.

"This disease has a characteristic, " Wang Chen, an expert in critical care medicine and president of the Chinese Academy of Medical Sciences, told CCTV. "Not all patients can test positive for nucleic acids. Only 30% to 50% of patients who actually have the disease are positive. "There are still a lot of false negatives from [ taking suspect ] throat swabs. "

A variety of detection methods together, the urgency of the moment is not realistic

Dr. Li tested negative for nucleic acids several times, and by February 1, the message of "positive nucleic acid test results" had been fermenting online, even in the medical community.

On Feb. 3, Zhang Xiaochun, director of the imaging department at Zhongnan Hospital of Wuhan University, posted a friend circle with the theme "don't be superstitious about nucleic acid testing. ". She suggested that CT should be the primary diagnostic criteria for NCP. "There are more and more family cluster cases in Wuhan, and most of them are hidden. One or even more times, the nucleic acid is negative, and there are no clinical symptoms. If we take a home-based approach, we will certainly cause further spread of the disease. ".

According to the new scheme for diagnosis and treatment of coronary pneumonia (trial version 5) , "suspected cases with imaging features of pneumonia" will be added to the clinical diagnosis cases in Hubei Province, the case was confirmed using both reverse transcriptase polymerase chain reaction (RT-PCR) nucleic acid detection and gene sequencing.

"CT images can only be used for preliminary screening, not for final diagnosis. " Wang Chengbin to "CAIJING" reporter analysis, genetic testing (PCR and sequencing) is the gold standard, equivalent to directly caught in the theft of the thief himself. If the diagnosis and evaluation of clinical symptoms such as fever and CT images, plus two negative nucleic acid tests, are generally used as the basis for judging the cure and discharge from hospital, "But there is no guarantee that there will be no infection after discharge from the hospital. In principle, the possibility of spontaneous Yang transfer is unlikely. ".

The first case of new coronary pneumonia in the United States was diagnosed with multiple sampling procedures. On January 20, the U.S. Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC) confirmed that the patient's Nasopharyngeal and Oropharyngeal swabs were positive for the new coronavirus by "real-time reverse transcriptase polymerase chain reaction (rRT-PCR) . ".

Nasal swabs and bronchoalveolar lavage fluid are also used to collect samples. In the case of Febrile pneumonia at the sino-japanese Friendship Hospital, a positive result was obtained from a specimen collected with Alveolar lavage fluid.

As News of a cure for NCP in the United States came to a head, the researchers were cautious, noting that NASOPHARYNGEAL and Oropharyngeal samples taken on days 11 and 12 showed a downward trend in viral load. Oropharyngeal specimens collected on the 12th day of onset were negative for novel coronavirus. The researchers did not conclude that the patient was cured, but took a serum sample from the patient on the same date and waited for further RT-PCR results.

On January 24th an article published in The Lancet, a leading medical journal, mentioned 41 cases of new coronary pneumonia in Wuhan's early stage, which were tested with blood samples. Relatively speaking, the serum sample test takes a long time.

The positive rate of Alveolar lavage fluid collection is higher, but the procedure is too complicated, "The liquid is injected into the human body and then pumped out. When it is pumped out, it is easy to spew out and cause pollution to the collector. So now it is generally used as a throat swab. ". Analysis of Wang Chengbin.

The initial suspected cases in Wuhan were also tested using a variety of methods, with the laboratory using methods such as genome sequencing, nucleic acid testing and virus isolation, according to a health department announcement on January 9, the patient's bronchoalveolar lavage fluid, throat swabs, blood samples were tested for pathogens.

In view of the worst-hit areas such as Wuhan, it is urgent to quickly identify those infected, minimize the spread of suspected patients in society, so that the source of infection can be effectively controlled. Therefore, it is very important to detect nucleic acid quickly and in sufficient quantity.

Up to now, there are 31 institutions in Wuhan to carry out nucleic acid testing at the same time. The detection capacity of nucleic acid samples in a single day has been increased from 200 in the initial stage to more than 4,000 in the near future, with a maximum of 6,000-8,000 in a single day.

Some companies claim that RT-PCR NUCLEIC ACID detection time has been reduced to 1 hour, 2 hours, "as long as the RT-PCR method, it is impossible to shorten to 1,2 hours. ". Wang Chengbin said.

The expert's explanation is that RT-PCR nucleic acid detection, is to extract nucleic acid gene fragments for amplification (PCR) , so that the virus DNA / RNA replication more, each copy of DNA will send a fluorescent signal, the instrument will detect the fluorescence signal and record it. Because the fluorescence intensity is directly proportional to the DNA content, the software will process the data to indirectly reflect the viral DNA content, the amount of viral DNA in the patient's body can be seen on the final laboratory report sheet.

If the PCR amplification curve is irregular and only one amplification point or target appears, then a suspicious report will be issued. In a suspected case, the doctor May recommend that the sample be retested.

To improve accuracy, the hospital will reconfirm the Shuangyang District test. At present, the suspected patients in Wuhan Hospitals, the second test has also been completed.

A rush of detection boxes, to be compared with the standard

There are now more than 100 enterprises can produce test kits. And each enterprise production kit manual are not the same: Some test a point, some is two, three points.

Wang said: "So many reagent box manufacturers, some enterprises have not done reagent box before. Quality problems are not worried about not worry, is certainly there. "

As a result, some hospitals now use two or three kits, such as 301 Military Hospital, or both. If the first test is weakly positive, or the doctor is unsure, use the second, or both.

"The more reagents, the better, that's for sure, five per household. But now so busy, so large volume, and the cost of the problem, the doctor wearing such a thick protective clothing, a reagent test generally takes four to five hours, with a variety of reagents is not realistic."Wang Chengbin analysis.

The nucleic acid test process is that samples collected from suspected patients are sealed in a two-layer one-off sealed bag, placed in a sample transfer box, and transported to a testing laboratory by a dedicated person.

After the examiners get the samples, they have to go through three steps. First, the test sample processing, I. E. Inactivation and sampling takes 90 minutes; then, the nucleic acid amplification (PCR) takes two and a half hours; finally, writing and uploading the report. The whole process takes about five hours.

That's how long a suit lasts. During those five hours, the inspectors were not allowed to eat, drink or go to the bathroom.

In order to improve the accuracy, a northwest of a CDC laboratory is also the use of double reagent box review. "One reagent is a brand recommended by the state, and the other is a reagent that has been synthesized and verified in its own laboratory, " said the head of the laboratory, results are different and need to be rechecked.

Different brands of Kit Sensitivity and accuracy are still different, said the northwest a CDC laboratory director, different local procurement kit manufacturers are different, indeed encountered the accuracy and sensitivity of the difference. He guesses, this and reagent raw material quality is concerned.

As Chairman of the Chinese Medical Association, Wang Chengbin suggested to the Chinese Medical Association that all reagents on the market should be a systematic comparison. "The NHRC also recommended the reagents, and we don't know if the recommended manufacturers have detailed test data to back them up, but of course, the CDC should also have done a comparison. At the beginning of the recommendation, there were few manufacturers in China. Now there are many manufacturers. The CDC and the Health Commission can entrust specialized agencies to make systematic comparisons."

(Ying Xin and Tao Sun contributed research.)

This article was created by the Tree Project Author [ Caijing magazine ] and is published exclusively in the Toutiao. It is not to be reproduced without permission

Read more about the outbreak in pictures

Editor in chief | Duanhuang@caijing. COM.CN
This is an original article from CAIJING magazine, which can not be reproduced or mirrored without authorization. For reprinting, please leave a message at the end of the article to request and obtain authorization.

Editor in chief | Duanhuang@caijing. COM.CN

This is an original article from CAIJING magazine, which can not be reproduced or mirrored without authorization. For reprinting, please leave a message at the end of the article to request and obtain authorization.

Go to "discover"-"take a look" browse "friends watching"

Sent

####Send it to take a look

Sending

A scan of wechat
Pay attention to the account


-------------
title: To improve the accuracy of nucleic acid test for new coronary pneumonia, experts suggest a systematic comparison of reagents
source: cai-jing-za-zhi-/-cai-jing-shi-yi-ren
authors: _
editors: _
proofreader: _
photographer: _
translator: _
via: https://github.com/2019ncovmemory/nCovMemory
link: https://mp.weixin.qq.com/s/rblr088rultZh2gG7ZlwRQ
archive: http://archive.today/px6qR
snapshot: https://github.com/2019ncovmemory/nCovMemory/blob/master/archive/jpg/440.jpg
lead: The low positive rate of nucleic acid test in NCP was related to the development stage of the disease, the standardization of the collection process and the quality of the Kit. In order to reduce the possibility of "missed diagnosis" , experts suggest that different manufacturers of reagent boxes for systematic comparison
cover: data:image/jpeg;base64,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
