##February 8th, progress

On wechat, drownyoursorrow

Functional introduction, only for the record and reference, not universal personal records.

Let me play an audio first. This is just after 4:00 I found the contact information of the person in charge of the isolation point. I called to ask the real situation of the isolation point. As the actual case of the isolation point of the Qiao estuary, the situation may be different in other areas.

Grandma and GRANDPA were forcibly taken to the quarantine site by the community after their nucleic acid test was done on February 5. The community did not give any comment on the follow-up report and admitted to the hospital, and refused to report it. Yesterday there was really no way to send a message for help, here's where we are since yesterday afternoon.

First of all, yesterday, why did you post a request for help? On the morning of the 7th, grandma collapsed in the isolation room. We were very anxious to wait for the nucleic acid test results done on the 5th. At noon, the family received a call from the Wuhan Center for Disease Control and prevention informing the two elderly people that the test results were positive, according to the current official information, this should be reported by the community at this time, but the community leaders refused, saying that they wanted information, they wanted written confirmation, but the Central Hospital can not now issue a paper form, nor can SMS notification, all by the CDC phone notification (these two days in the center hospital test patients encountered the same situation, in order to avoid disclosure of other people's information, I do not send, you can choose not to believe) . The hospital is also very helpless, can only think of a way to say to call again, let my family to keep the recording, see can be as the community for the "confirmation. ".

The community disavowed the recording. Yesterday afternoon to evening I received a lot of friends to help the news, thanks to the warm-hearted friends, do not know which line caught up in the evening, the community suddenly said can report. Thank you again.

This morning called again to confirm, the community said yesterday was not in time, this morning has been reported, this confirmation has been reported.

Also this morning, grandma had diarrhea for the second time in a row, and her condition was getting worse. She was already showing severe symptoms. I bought a hospital before the oral medicine and oxygen machine sent to the isolation point, the delivery friend said isolation point environment is very poor, the old man was locked in a small room, very weak, look really hard.

I filled out all the forms I could fill out to help with the admission process yesterday. Today, we received feedback that a hospital has a bed available to take in patients. At this time, we have already found that grandma has severe symptoms, and we are very anxious to be admitted to the hospital soon, but the hospital receives the patient to have the community to cooperate to give to the referral sheet, the community indicated that can not give, said either seeks the Superior Street, the patient enters the hospital is the health committee to be responsible.

Many of the 24-hour phone calls on the Internet were blocked by the Qiao estuary and the streets of Changfeng County. Again, I asked the community if they could explain the entire admission process, whether we need to take the patient back to the hospital for a serious diagnosis, the community replied, we don't know, we don't have jurisdiction. I asked the community responsible person, excuse me, have you done the community patient's admission procedure? The person in charge said No. What's the point of reporting a diagnosis, waiting in line to be admitted? ANSWER, no.

Only three meals a day and Chinese medicine are given out at the isolation point. People are brought to the quarantines by the community, but the quarantines are not managed by the community, and patients in the quarantines can not be seen at the quarantines if there is an emergency, and if the relatives of the patients are also quarantined by the community, so the patient inside only wait for the disease development, infusion, further diagnosis and treatment is impossible, want to go to the hospital is also unlikely.

I found a lot of official and micro channels, such as medical guidance information, all the process is pointing to the community, the hospital is powerless, that their rules are also linked to the community. As you can see, it's almost 6:00 now, and I'm still stuck at the community level. In the afternoon, some media colleagues and volunteers also learned about our plight and called our local community, Zhengkang Garden, on Changfeng Street, for information, as soon as the community leader hears that it's the media, he says, please go to the next level and hang up the phone.

The person in charge of the quarantines got the number from my family when they called around. The quarantine point is neither managed by the HHS nor by the community, and the situation inside is shown on the tape. Edit out a bit of information about the address and the name of the person in charge, please understand.

So That's how far I've come in helping my grandparents today. Many volunteers from the help line are busy from morning to night for the patients in Wuhan. But today I just got to the bottom of it. The hospital beds are very tight, but every day several hospital beds are available, and some people can be admitted, and more people may be stuck in the community this level, day by day drag down.

Very helpless, today I also learned that a good friend's family member was infected and was waiting for a nucleic acid test. I talked to my friend on the phone and told him my experience here, hoping to avoid the same predicament, i also hope that their community and our community does not work the same way.

I was curious. The eldest sister, the community leader of Changfeng Street, heard the family members of the residents of the community say that she was dying, but she was still very calm, very calm. If she asked, she would get a very impatient response from her, did she feel that the sick old people in her community were a big problem? Afraid of dragging people to their deaths, watching her from her window in the middle of the night?

Go to "discover"-"take a look" browse "friends watching"

Sent

####Send it to take a look

Sending

A scan of wechat
Pay attention to the account


-------------
title: February 8th, progress
source: Plastic airship
authors: _
editors: _
proofreader: _
photographer: _
translator: _
via: https://github.com/2019ncovmemory/nCovMemory
link: https://mp.weixin.qq.com/s/m3-_SzOAa1sRnA7CWMy9BA
archive: http://archive.ph/JSPns
snapshot: https://github.com/2019ncovmemory/nCovMemory/blob/master/archive/jpg/1392.jpg
lead: It's not good. There could be a lot of people who are not good.
cover: data:image/jpeg;base64,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
