##People grab food, let almost fall of fresh e-commerce and stood up

Micro-signal, Rancaijing

A feature presentation, a daily in depth report, redefines the innovation economy.

The "guide to the war and epidemic of innovative economy" is a special column launched by Finance and Economics during the epidemic of new type of pneumonia. It focuses on the new problems encountered by enterprises of Innovative Economy and discusses the new countermeasures that should be taken, hope to help small and medium-sized enterprises together to overcome challenges and seize opportunities. This is the third issue. See the first 2 please Click "which industries are bucking the trend? " "SME survival guide. ".

By suki

Editor | Wei Jia

"Did you get any food today? "

These days, the phrase has become a new way of greeting each other instead of "did you eat? " , and tomatoes and leafy Greens are the new hard currency.

Now, the elderly in the family also began to buy fresh online, and even set a good alarm clock online squatting grab food, the time is also set earlier. There is a secret Beijing Food Rush Guide circulating on the Internet, which has marked the stock update time of each fresh e-commerce APP, and everyone's alarm clock has been advanced from 5 am to 12 am.

In this special period, everyone will narrow their activity radius to the bedroom of the home to the kitchen, some analysts believe that the short-term explosion of online demand for food, or let last year was reshuffled fresh e-commerce industry usher in new opportunities.

On the one hand, the emergence of users under the epidemic has accelerated the education of the market, and enterprises have gained the equivalent of free advertising, but on the other hand, behind the rush to buy, enterprises are faced with a series of challenges such as supply chain, distribution, logistics, manpower, account period, etc. .

The same is to grab food, the first, second and third-and fourth-tier cities are facing different problems. First-and Second-tier cities have long delivery time of fresh e-commerce APP, high premium, buying food all by snatch, while third-and fourth-tier cities face the situation of scattered demand, few choices, and insufficient groups.

But just as the SARS epidemic brought vitality to e-commerce platforms 17 years ago, many Unicorn companies have sought to transform in this crisis, as well as the fresh e-commerce industry. Some fresh e-commerce platform in conjunction with restaurants to find another way out, food and beverage retailing into a new trend. Direct supply of agricultural products to the community, agricultural production areas of the new form of walking broadcast, but also the future opportunities.

Early morning rush orders are through the roof

User retention is a problem

Ms. Wang, who lives in Chaoyang District, Beijing, placed an order at her home in Jd.com at 9 a.m. on Feb. 5 for delivery between 9:30 and 10:10 a.m. on Feb. 6, because she was already booked up. The order did not arrive until 18:00 on February 7th, took 57 hours and had two meat orders that were not available. Meanwhile, Ms. Wang had looked online for customer service advice, but there were 76 people in front of the queue, waiting too long, she had to give up.

Ms. Wang, like many people buy food late to receive goods, behind the surge in orders: jd.com fresh delivery to home business relative to the month before the 30th ring up 370% , ding dong buy food on New Year's Eve orders increased more than 300% year-on-year; Daily orders for Meituan's vegetables in Beijing reached 2-3 times the volume before the Spring Festival, while daily sales on Youxian platform rose 321 percent from New Year's Eve to the fourth day. The overall capacity is insufficient, can no longer use the original distribution time standard to assess the delivery personnel.

Over the years, fresh e-commerce sales will be slightly lower than usual, as the number of first-tier cities, user structure changes, the overall order will fall. Orders have been climbing in the same period this year amid the outbreak, with some categories snapped up. Many people set the alarm clock up in the middle of the night to grab food, and even made a grab-food strategy, people can not help but think of the year together in QQ happy farm at midnight to steal food scene.

The explosion of orders, so many people think that fresh e-commerce has ushered in a new opportunity, however, to seize this opportunity, we must first face new challenges.

The first is the issue of supply and logistics.

"Every night after closing at 10 pm, we synchronize our inventory for the next day, an internal operation that was somehow discovered by our customers, " he said. "basically, orders went up from 12 pm to 1 am, causing a lot of customers to wake up and realize there was no food, and then we had to divvy up our inventory. "Li Wei, the head of daily fresh purchasing, told CNNMONEY.

The pace of restocking and restocking was completely different, and Li Wei's phone had been ringing nonstop for days. According to her, orders are now surging, requiring the temporary addition of multiple suppliers. Some categories, such as green leafy vegetables and tomatoes, have begun to be restricted in order to make them available to more people in need, it now supplies 1,000 tons of vegetables a day to more than a dozen cities across the country. "Not to mention things like masks and disinfectant, the market changes minute by minute. "

Image / visual China

Food shortage in the market, mainly due to the lack of staff during the Spring Festival, as well as the impact of the closure of villages affected by the phenomenon of road closure and other circulation links. Li Wei said that in the past few days, some areas have been able to transport goods out of the village only by shoulder to shoulder. The platform is speeding up communication with the government, but there are also communication costs between regions, such as documents issued by Beijing but not recognized in Qingdao.

Second, there is the question of user retention.

After the outbreak, fresh e-commerce reached a group of original online shopping awareness, but the strength of online shopping. The income level of these people can support the online shopping need to pay a service premium, for fresh e-commerce is really a big advantage. In this sense, the epidemic seems to be an "advertising campaign" to accelerate the education of the market.

But when the epidemic is over, will these new users still be willing to pay a premium for every purchase? How much can the user precipitate?

It is important to note that in the process, customers with or without spending power are touched, but the company has to pay an unnecessary cost to maintain this segment of customers without spending power. At the same time selling vegetable platform in this period in order to quickly close customers, need to ensure a stable supply and can not rise in price, the cost is very high.

"whether or not there will be a success or not depends on how it is transformed in the future, " Shi Zhuojie, investment director of Suning Eco-chain Fund, told Caijing that the scale on which fresh e-commerce can survive is not small, this period suggests steady development, there is no need to lose money to run scale.

Li Wei echoed that sentiment: "fresh e-commerce is still very restrained in terms of price. We are more concerned about the long-term retention of users, not a one-time deal. "

Lack of order density is a risk

Thanks a lot

The first-and second-tier cities scramble for food, while the third-and fourth-tier cities are not idle. Before the Spring Festival, the community group purchase of the head will generally choose to rest, this year the head of the group are busy ahead of schedule.

Compared with the first-tier city users, third-tier and below the city users, in fact, do not care much about the delivery time, they prefer to find some cost-effective goods, community group purchase just solved the user's difficulties. You don't need to go to the market, you can buy fresh, affordable fruits and vegetables, no contact distribution to a certain extent also reduce the risk of infection.

In all the community group purchase, ten Hui group is to fresh as the main category of brand, daily fresh accounts for 60%-75% .

Before the outbreak, the group of 10 every night at 11:00 orders, this time the statistics will usually come out with the expected data is not too much, this data has been sent to the collection and supply department during the day, every night 12:00-2:00 goods to the warehouse, after the inspection, the goods will be distributed and packed from 2:00 to 4:00 in the morning, and the goods will be transported by car from 5:00 to 7:00. The goods will be distributed along the arranged lines and can be delivered the next day.

During the outbreak, this rhythm was broken on the first day of work, "As soon as the group was opened, the vegetables on the shelves were all looted. In order to ensure the people's livelihood supplies, the operation immediately began to carry out replenishment. " Relevant officials of the 10-day group told Finance and economics that during the epidemic, there were also obvious changes in the needs of the people, in the past, the sales of other kinds of goods accounted for a relatively stable proportion. Recently, most of our purchases focused on vegetables, meat and poultry eggs, rice, grain and oil, and convenience foods. Leafy Greens in particular, "the other day, we had a warehouse where we set a record for a single-day sale of spinach. "

In order to ensure supply, group 10 selected two models, one is collection, the national unified delivery, for example, some goods from the origin of direct delivery, through the optimization of logistics lines, improve transport efficiency. The other is to adopt the mode of local commodity plate adjustment, improve the freshness of commodities. "Our GMV in January has exceeded 500 million, and there are more than a dozen large-scale resources of origin in the country, which can be shipped from the source, " said a person in charge of the group.

The supply chain model is fine, but community group buying practitioners have encountered some minor obstacles in the distribution chain. During the days when control was strongest in the affected areas, all streets and traffic were blocked, goods could not be sent out or entered, and the group of 10 was actively communicating with the local government. At present, most cities have been approved by the government to resume work permit documents.

Another is cost, which can soar during an outbreak, but can not be sold at a high price. As a result, some investors told CAIJING that small community groups would not dare to play and would not play unless they had capital to back them up.

Community groups themselves to meet the "provincial" needs, the need for a large order density to support. In the face of the epidemic, some residential property restrictions in and out of residential areas, the flow of community groups there is a risk of decline. The order is not stable, the supply is not stable, can not satisfy the whole vehicle's operation to be able to lose money, does thanks to many. Pre-sale or group purchase results can not be delivered, but also face a large number of complaints.

At the same time, the question of the regiment commander's defection remained. Some leaders feel that the product sales, will go directly to the production area to get goods, bypass the platform, or do two or three months inside, make money is not expected to change to other platforms, just like Didi driver. Unless it can be a monopoly, which it can't be right now.

"A part-time job is never good. I'll do it if I can make money, but I won't concentrate on it if I can't. Why should these leaders be loyal to you? " said the investor.

The grocery wars

To test the efficiency of the whole chain competition

The epidemic continues, the supply of the entire industrial chain has been blocked, difficult. Guarantee supply is difficult, guarantee delivery time limit and experience is more difficult.

First, there's the logistics problem. At the beginning of the epidemic, a large number of logistics enterprises were supporting Wuhan. Materials were sent to Wuhan, drivers and vehicles were quarantined, plus many people could not arrive at their posts after the festival, leaving behind those on duty during the Spring Festival.

The second problem is manpower. More than 10 million people have left Beijing by rail and Civil Aviation in the first 14 days of the New Year, and more than 8 million have not returned, according to the Beijing Municipal Transportation Commission. More than 2 million people have booked tickets to return to Beijing from February 2 to 18, but 5.93 million potential return travelers will book their tickets gradually. It also means that nearly six million people will not know when to return to work.

"If logistics does not resume, business flows will not get up, business flows will not get up, ordinary people will not be able to consume, will not be able to consume, will lead to business operations more difficult. You can control people, but you can't run out,"suggests Huang Gang, chairman of Hansen's supply chain.

Third, the supply is now less than the demand situation, the competition or the supply chain. The supply chain includes several aspects: the availability of food, the quality of food, the efficient supply and transportation of food, and the long-term retention of valuable users.

"there is no problem on the demand side, as long as you have something you can sell, whether you can let customers continue to buy from you, the key is still your product quality and service ability, " he said.

Pexels

Finally, because fresh products have a strong seasonal, need cold chain and other special logistics, once due to logistics problems caused by improper storage of goods, will attract a large number of complaints. In addition, the accounting period is also a big challenge, even if the product can be shipped to shelves, but also how long to wait for collection, is a big problem.

In the critical period, in addition to fresh e-commerce enterprises will encounter problems, agricultural products will also encounter problems.

A lot of strawberries and oranges are not on sale these days. The Strawberry Crop in Dandong is very good this year. It's not selling out. In view of the special situation of the current epidemic situation, Huang Gang suggested that the epidemic situation is not untied before the maturing of agricultural products, the proposal to the county-based small cycle. Before June to market agricultural products should be well in advance of the channel operation and production and marketing docking, to see whether to do advance sales. Cherries in March and April, lychees in May, should be prepared in advance.

Organic at risk

Fresh e-commerce to welcome new variables

Smart entrepreneurs and investors see opportunity in the midst of danger. Just as SARS has educated the e-commerce market, this outbreak is also a good opportunity to educate the fresh e-commerce market, which is conducive to the cultivation of online shopping habits.

More than respondents told Caijing that as the matching of demand and supply began to appear out of balance, it forced the fresh food industry to create new opportunities.

The first is the formation of a new supply chain model of agricultural products, from the special supply of agricultural supermarkets into direct community.

Closed Environment will be more people gathered together, consumption patterns began to change. The scattered needs of each household should be collected together, the original individual purchase to the community procurement, directed to Wumart or Yonghui such super, they come to order, form a new supply chain operation model. The original BtoC model was changed to FTOB, produced directly to the community.

Huang Gang saw that recently, Zhejiang Hangzhou around the community began to focus on orders to purchase, mainly mass-based consumer products, production areas directly for the community after delivery or home delivery. This is a whole new supply chain model for agricultural products. In the future, the function of Shangchao will change from the original "phishing mode" that users buy to the operation center of logistics supply chain, Channel Flat, directly for the community.

"Some of the agricultural products that are going on the market should also build relationships with communities where purchasing power is concentrated, so that they can be sampled first, then ordered centrally and supplied directly from the country of origin, " Huang suggested.

In addition, in the next few months, food retailing is a fresh e-commerce opportunities, or, many catering enterprises self-help opportunity.

"We need to standardize the export of food and beverage, and solve the demand of food and beverage in a retail way. You used to eat in a store, but now you eat at home, " he said.

Goods in short supply, the original customers do catering, but also began to break the previous supply system, the use of new channels to eat more fish. One is to treat food in semi-processed or even fully processed form. A well-known restaurant company is currently trying to cook the beef and other ingredients in its stores, and then reheat them in the hands of consumers through e-commerce channels. The other is a clean dish form, featuring a standard dish, small portions, refined processing, and convenient cooking at home, it works well with takeout, and it can handle its own inventory.

Some fresh e-commerce is also actively seeking new ways to cooperate with the catering industry. For example, daily fresh on and Xibei, Meizhou Dongpo and other cooperation, by daily fresh fresh raw materials, Xibei and Meizhou Dongpo to provide manpower, by a piece of the way, will be processed into standard dishes.

Consumers have two kinds of demand for food, one is to cook at home, the other is to eat out. During this period, when consumers' demands for dining out are not being met, some improved food and beverage categories, such as "hotpot shabu" at home, have become good substitutes.

Do Chafing dish relatively simple at home, chafing dish needs food to give priority to with frozen product also, have corresponding stock. "Our Guquan Investment Company has recently seen a rapid increase in one-day sales to around 20m. They are opening a chain of hot pot ingredients and finished dishes on the edge of the community,"Li Zhujie, founding partner of beushuo venture capital, told Caijing, services such as these are just needed on the edge of the community and will grow in the future.

Moreover, new forms of business are always being tried. Huang Gang believes that after the end of the epidemic, the agricultural production area will be a good form of walking, this season what agricultural products sell well, go to the production area to live broadcast. Not only solve the problem of trust, but also solve the problem of sticky fans. There is also a live called the warehouse, agricultural products processing, sorting and so on are in the warehouse, the effect is also very good.

Huang Gang said, the reason why people do not pay much attention to this area, because the price of agricultural products is more and more transparent, the profit is certainly not as fast as the live broadcast of beauty products. But once the epidemic is over, there will be a big opportunity as pent-up consumer desire is unleashed.

Pexels

This year's fresh e-commerce and their production area, channel relations from weak to strong relations, and B form a deep bond, or even to invest in it. This is the equivalent of "order form" agriculture, between production and marketing more and more flat, rather than with the market.

The number of people buying food online has soared, and the trend has provided plenty of opportunity. How the players in the fresh e-commerce field will respond to today's changes, and how these changes will have an impact on the industry pattern, we will continue to watch.

* The caption is from visual China. At the request of the interviewee, Li Wei was given a pseudonym.

On as if

Welcome to join the "burning finance and economic innovation economic war and epidemic plan" .

Under the epidemic situation, the industry changes, in order to help innovative enterprises overcome the challenges, seize the opportunity, finance and economics launched the "innovative economic war epidemic plan. ". The program consists of three parts: column reporting, online salons, and industry communities.

The report section and the online salon section invite entrepreneurs and investors who want to contribute to the innovation economy and help overcome the difficulties, to participate in the report, discussion and mutual assistance. You are welcome to leave a message in the comments area or send us a private message backstage. Please indicate "entrepreneur" or "investor" .

Industry community section, attention to this topic, would like to participate in the community readers, welcome in the background message US, marked "Plan" , into the group after we will provide a discussion platform, Salon live broadcast and other follow-up services.

How do you buy food now? How does it feel?

You are welcome to leave your story in the comments section, and we will send you a tencent video season card from one of the top three likes (over 20) . Please Click on the public number of the menu "reprint cooperation. ".

First Hand Information / Hard Core Report / daily Hongbao / offline activities! All that's missing is you! Speed Up Wechat rancaijing01 reply "reader" one button on the car!

How do you buy food now? How does it feel?

You are welcome to leave your story in the comments section, and we will send you a tencent video season card from one of the top three likes (over 20) . Please Click on the public number of the menu "reprint cooperation. ".

First Hand Information / Hard Core Report / daily Hongbao / offline activities! All that's missing is you! Speed Up Wechat rancaijing01 reply "reader" one button on the car!

I think I'm watching it

WECHAT SWEEPS UP Praise for author

####Send it to the author

People Admire

Long-press the QR code to transfer the funds to me

Under apple's new rules, wechat's iOS version of the APP has been turned off to support public accounts through Qr code transfers.

Go to "discover"-"take a look" browse "friends watching"

Sent

####Send it to take a look

Sending

A scan of wechat
Pay attention to the account


-------------
title: People grab food, let almost fall of fresh e-commerce and stood up
source: Burning Finance
authors: _
editors: _
proofreader: _
photographer: _
translator: _
via: https://github.com/2019ncovmemory/nCovMemory
link: https://mp.weixin.qq.com/s/2otHmQqG4c_RrDzzfJpoWA
archive: http://archive.ph/PZrrm
snapshot: https://github.com/2019ncovmemory/nCovMemory/blob/master/archive/jpg/1302.jpg
lead: The outbreak has given birth to users, but fresh e-commerce is facing a supply chain, distribution, manpower, account period and a series of tests.
cover: data:image/jpeg;base64,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
