##PLAGUE DIARY: No one is willing to speak out hope early, although we have not forgotten it

World-views

Introduction to the function, re-understanding the world

With Anna gone, we lost time. Her daily contact with the embassy was spotty and spotty. In any case, creating the continuity of time. Something we seem to be involved in and developing. Things are far from over. Two confirmed cases were found on the German evacuation plane. They'll be in the barracks for two weeks, and their release will be determined by the health of over 100 people. We found one more case, we re-timed the quarantine, we re-established the chain of command.

Having progress and feedback is a luxury in a closed city. For now, progress is limited to daily morning updates on confirmed diagnoses and deaths. We don't care much about doubt or cure, the former slowing down and the latter growing up, are not enough to be a consolation. We started sleeping late and waking up late, cutting our three meals into two, though not always successfully. Getting on the scale was a nerve-racking experience. I didn't wake up late, but I would linger in bed for a while, until I was across the hall, yelling at my parents'bedroom, how many times today do I have to start the day.

January twenty-nine, over ten thousand. February 2nd, over 20,000. February 7th, over 30,000. The reluctance to admit it, the lack of it, the growing numbness. The number becomes abstract, and it seems to require a larger order of magnitude to stir up the mood swings. Talk about the mouth "hundreds" to "thousands" to "tens of thousands" , after experiencing a brief shudder in the morning, continue to daily life. The story of the individual is more heart-wrenching than the number, but we know in our hearts that the number is also an individual encounter, a million times. Numbness and forgetfulness became necessary to sustain life. On top of that, there are two other mood flashes, Shame and Fluke. Ashamed of the growing numbness, the emotional exhaustion of the misfortune of one's fellow man. To get away with it, and the strength to complain and be angry.

Numbness not only affects people and epidemics, it also erodes time. We often forget what day today is, first according to the Gregorian calendar to remember, and then according to the lunar calendar, both methods are not effective, a day to look at their phones to remind themselves. It's easier to fall asleep during the day than at night, and people who don't have a regular schedule get even more out of whack. I did not get up until noon, and the day passed by in a daze. After the Sun came out, the city covered with a thin layer of white light, the feeling of unconsciousness is even stronger. Lethargy, like a mental contagion, spreads through the city.

Strangely, the cars have all but disappeared, the factories have shut down, and the air quality has not improved, blanketing it with the usual winter haze. One can't help but wonder about the logic of environmental action. If we add an epidemic, it's the suspicion that's lurking around. Everyone's a little paranoid. To myself, to my neighbors. One Sneeze, half the morning on tenterhooks. Neighbors out of the stagger, the middle of the night came to the car, let us doubt each other is infected. A passerby, especially one person or the first floor, means that the person is ill and the floor has a fever. Gesture instead of words, meet the extreme need to greet the situation, we touch elbow greetings.

On February 3rd the army took over a ten-day hospital, taking over traffic checkpoints and the delivery of supplies. There is a fair price vegetable stall at the gate of the residential area. We got free vegetables, three cucumbers. Prices are stable, there is no fear of life, many people think that this is the People's Liberation Army. But the military presence is also a reminder of the severity of the situation, and the sense that if the outbreak were to abate, there would be no need to go to war. Good news always comes with bad news, and bad news can come alone.

The anarchists did not look forward to their future. Order in the city has not been disrupted by the outbreak. The truck in support of the hospital was locked by the Chengguan because it was unclean and occupied the sidewalk. Routine rules remain in the state of emergency. Consumption has stagnated and there is nothing to spend it on but food. Buying supplies became the only legitimate reason to go out. As people carry their bags home, they take a deliberate detour to increase their outdoor time. No one underestimates the value of money and consumption. It's just that when options are limited, the money goes to the back burner. People have not forgotten the power of its past and future.

My father became a poor seer. At the beginning of the blockade, he said, it was only four or five days. Two days later, it would have been two weeks. Two weeks turned into three months ago, and then he swore that it was gonna be another week at the most. None of us knows how long this will last, or when the inflection point will occur, but it is clear that it will take longer than originally thought. My father's prophecies oscillated between the two extremes, as if the siege might end at once or last for months. Such extreme swings involve almost everything about the epidemic. People sometimes lose all trust in power and are filled with anger. Sometimes they shed tears of confidence and affection. It doesn't happen to two different people, but to the same person, paradoxically focused, today and tomorrow, morning and afternoon, one second and the next.

We consume our time with long, tedious chores, turning food into handcrafts that begin with ingredients. We extend the range of DIY, steamed bread, noodles, biscuits. Take the sheets off one by one and clean them. Grandma sat at the table, picking all morning green vegetables, Red Cabbage Moss Pinch section, pull stems. In the neighborhood, someone washed the car over and over. Unfortunately, such enthusiasm to maintain a week, then turned into a negative trend, food and clothing into a simple, muddle along. Our appetites are not as strong as they were at the beginning. I made up my mind, washed my hair, shaved my beard, changed my clothes from top to bottom, and my socks too. Took out the dumbbells, dusted them, limited the time for the news. By the next day, life was back to being a blur. Like a fish, it breathes briefly out of the water and sinks to the bottom.

I miss the sound more than the fading of time. Every day, I hunger for the faint sound outside my room. Near the viaduct and the airport, the voices above and in front of the House disappeared. The dogs and cats continued their silence. In the afternoon, I heard the sound of the neighbors'cooking, the cooking materials entering the oil pan, and the shovels knocking the edges of the Pan. Security guards with loudspeakers walked around the perimeter, wearing masks and frequently washing their hands on the radio. At eight o'clock, when the citizens agreed to sing the national anthem, I opened my window and waited in anticipation. For me, it's a unique continuity. Three months ago, during a national protest in Lebanon, people who could not go out on the streets agreed to bang pots and pans in their houses at night, and at the end of the day it rained metal in the city. They were unusually punctual at that time. The national anthem did not arrive as scheduled, the community was silent. Finally, only through the video friends, feel in the heart of downtown warm. At the end of the song, someone cried out for Wuhan to refuel. The campaign did not continue the next day for fear of spreading droplets.

The exception is the birds, which have grown in reverse after the siege. The birds recaptured the city, making daily patrols and darting fearlessly overhead. I have to say, this kind of monotonous and strong voice, difficult to love. Other animals are dying for no reason. The bodies of dogs and cats appeared in the gutters, their hair tangled in the sewage. One after another, dead fish were floating by the lake. They were not small, more than fifty centimetres in size, like moored boats, and were placed in turn along the shore. Strollers, standing by the lake, watching, no one talking. They stood like statues by the water's edge until one of the children said, you don't think it's pneumonia, do you. And everyone just smiles and goes away. The fishing boats began to fish out the dead fish lest they should arouse more speculations. Three days later, the mystery was solved. Mother witnessed the murder. White water birds, open wings, quack to fly over the water, Mengdi contraction body, turn the direction, to the water bar down. The fish struggled, splashing, until finally, the bloody fish came to the surface, waiting to be washed ashore. They're too big for water birds to pick up, and when they die, the birds don't eat.

Grandma said it would be a great waste not to eat it. The waterfowl she speaks of are vicious little men who kill for pleasure. She took this as a bad omen for a bad year. The birds should be netted, she said. Why do you always think of things against nature, said the father. Grandma said, the birds on the opposite tree in the nest, a root sticks, fly away. The father asked. Is it the moving or the other birds stealing the building materials? Grandma said, I don't know. Father said, should not be caught up in the demolition, and so on Master holiday back, found no nest! Homeless. After a while, they call it a day, leaving bare branches.

In February, the wintersweet blooms. At night, the street lamps are lit, and the strong aroma rushes onto the road. Now on the road, either to freedom, or to death. The Internet has made it possible to return to work, and the younger generation has been among the first in their families to return to work. At this point, we recognize the futility of going back to the past, and it is increasingly difficult to imagine a sudden end to the epidemic and a fresh start without preparation. That's GONNA leave us with no idea what to do. But I don't know how to prepare for it, but I don't want to get caught up in the sudden optimism and the immediate disappointment.

Along with the ambiguity of time and the sound of dissipation, the imagination inevitably declined. It is limited to the immediate disaster, without enough reliable and solid information to support its expansion. We began to cultivate patience. Be careful not to let it fall into momentary anger and stupor. No one wants to speak of hope early, though we have not forgotten it.

WECHAT SWEEPS UP Praise for author

####Send it to the author

People Admire

Long-press the QR code to transfer the funds to me

Under apple's new rules, wechat's iOS version of the APP has been turned off to support public accounts through Qr code transfers.

Go to "discover"-"take a look" browse "friends watching"

Sent

####Send it to take a look

Sending

A scan of wechat
Pay attention to the account


-------------
title: PLAGUE DIARY: No one is willing to speak out hope early, although we have not forgotten it
source: shi-feng
authors: _
editors: _
proofreader: _
photographer: _
translator: _
via: https://github.com/2019ncovmemory/nCovMemory
link: https://mp.weixin.qq.com/s/Fh74WnjjEqZESIzV4mBKUQ
archive: http://archive.is/qZB12
snapshot: https://github.com/2019ncovmemory/nCovMemory/blob/master/archive/jpg/672.jpg
lead: At this point, we recognize the futility of going back to the past, and it is becoming harder and harder to imagine a sudden end to the epidemic, a fresh start without preparation. That's GONNA leave us with no idea what to do. But I don't know how to prepare for it, but I don't want to get caught up in the sudden optimism and the immediate disappointment.
cover: data:image/jpeg;base64,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
