##Wuhan Mental Health Center hospital infection, about 80 patients diagnosed with new pneumonia

Wechat, chinanewsweekly

Function introduction, here is "China News weekly" the head of the weekly gentleman, the influence has the influence you. Come with me to break through the fog, to find the truth, to watch the Times.

About 50 patients and 30 medical staff

With a confirmed case of new coronary pneumonia

On February 8, China Newsweek learned exclusively of a hospital infection in Wuhan's Mental Health Center. According to sources inside the hospital, at least 50 patients and 30 medical staff have been diagnosed with new crown pneumonia.

We've got an aggregated fever

According to its website, the Wuhan Mental Health Center (Wuhan Mental Hospital) is the largest tertiary-level a psychiatric hospital in Hubei Province. It has two hospital districts, namely the Hexagonal Pavilion and the 27th hospital, with 950 beds and more than 800 employees.

Wuhan resident Wang Yingping, a 64-year-old woman with Alzheimer's disease, was admitted to the hospital in August last year. On January 26, the hospital called Mr. Huang, Wang's wife, saying that his wife had a fever of 38 degrees and that the fever had subsided that afternoon. The result of Wang Yingping's blood routine examination on the same day showed that the white blood cells were normal and low in lymphocyte, which were similar to the early symptoms of NCP.

On the 27th, Wang Yingping underwent nucleic acid test and CT examination. CT showed a patchy shadow over the right upper lung with inflammatory changes. NUCLEIC ACID test was negative on February 2. The day before, four out of six people tested positive for nucleic acids at the hospital, Mr. Huang said. Of the six patients tested with Wang Yingping on February 2, three were positive, and all three patients were in the same ward as Wang Yingping.

On February 2, Wang again tested for nucleic acids, and the results were still negative. But on the night of the 2nd, her nurse had a fever of more than 39 degrees. The nurse went to the hospital's fever clinic that night and tested negative for nucleic acid. She is now in self-isolation at a home management company residence.

By February 5, Wang Yingping had a high fever again. The next day, she became delirious and had double lung Rales. Mr. Huang said his wife's white blood cells were already high, nearly three times their maximum normal level.

Wang Yingping's new nurse also developed fever on the afternoon of February 5 and resigned the next day. At noon on the 6th, Wang Yingping was transferred to the ICU of the Mental Health Center for treatment. The hospital told him that the patient's Oxygenation had dropped and that the worst possible outcome was death.

According to Dr. Zhao Ping, the ICU at Wuhan Mental Health Center is not a standard isolation ward, and there is no negative pressure device, only intubation, atomization and other support treatment. Wuhan Jinyintan Hospital has set up a special ward for mental patients with new coronary pneumonia. The Ward opened on February 3 and has a total of 30 beds. But Zhao says the figure is far from enough.

At around 11:00 am on February 8, Jinyintan Hospital refused to admit Wang Yingping because her nucleic acid test was negative. At present, the patient has been transferred from severe to critical illness, Oxygenation has been reduced to more than 70, and appeared as a result of breathing difficulties caused by hypoxia heart rate increased, the hospital on its suction machine.

The hospital infection was serious and was suspected to be related to ward adjustment

According to Dr Zhao Ping, Wang Yingping's fever is not a case. From January 12, six Corner Pavilion Hospital Three Ward (female ward) began to appear aggregated fever phenomenon, there are more than 10 people have fever symptoms. At that time, the division of hospital influenza defined them as the common cold, not enough attention. Thereafter, the patient developed a fever that did not subside and a respiratory failure.

The first new crown case at the Wuhan Mental Health Centre was detected around January 20, after which the patient was transferred to the Wuhan Union Hospital. From the 24th, Wang Yingping's psychosomatic disease area of the elderly also appeared the phenomenon of aggregated fever, patients with high fever, after nucleic acid testing, confirmed many cases of new pneumonia. In addition, cluster fever occurred in Ward 110 of the Erqi hospital around the same time, with more than 20 patients showing symptoms of high fever, and at least 50 patients subsequently tested positive for nucleic acid.

Another staff member at the hospital told China News weekly that he tested positive for nucleic acid on Feb. 7 and that his symptoms were mild. On February 8, there were three more positive nucleic acid test results from medical staff and other suspected patients in the addiction ward of Erqi Hospital. The medical staff with positive test results raised the hope that the hospital could arrange unified management, but the hospital's reply was that the medical staff themselves went home to quarantine, contact the community, the hospital currently has no unified arrangement.

According to Zhao, at least 30 medical staff members at Wuhan Mental Health Center, including the deputy director and several department heads and head nurses, have been confirmed to have contracted the new pneumonia.

A doctor at the center, who asked not to be named, said he tested positive for the new coronavirus on Jan. 26 when the hospital ordered a nucleic acid test. Another nurse at the hospital said she developed lung problems during a CT screening on Jan. 31, and was tested for viral nucleic acid on Feb. 2 and positive on Feb. 3. She is now in home isolation with mild symptoms.

China News weekly contacted Liu Lianzhong, the center's deputy director, to ask about the hospital's patients and medical staff infection. After hearing the reporter's question, Liu hung up the phone immediately. When the reporter called again, Liu Lianzhong did not answer. Li Yi, the Dean, declined to give details. "We have a disciplinary requirement now and can not be interviewed by phone, " he said

For the cause of hospital infection and infection of medical staff, Zhao Ping believes that there are two reasons, one is the lack of attention in the hospital, the other is that the protective materials and drugs did not arrive in time.

On January 21st, following the outbreak of NCP, the hospital declared a lockdown. But in fact, the closure measures are not strictly implemented, some families will also send things to the courtyard, until after the new year only gradually strict up.

China News Weekly learned from inside the hospital that around January 25, hospital leaders requested that the 19 Ward, the second ward and the early ward be merged into a fever isolation ward. However, after the merger, a suspected case appeared in the newly established ward, and then the ward was restored. Since then, suspected patients have appeared in wards where there were no cases. Zhao Ping said that the hospital was not mature in this process and did not make any adjustment from the professional point of view of infectious diseases. Instead, more patients were infected in the previously uninfected areas and there was a clear case of aggregated fever.

According to Zhao Ping, the medical personnel in the early stage have no protective equipment, and the later stage has improved, but up to now, the medical personnel entering the contaminated area still do not have the third-level protective equipment, can only do the second-level protection, face masks and other materials are in short supply.

At present, the total number of patients transferred from Wuhan Mental Health Centre to other designated hospitals has reached 40 to 50, mainly to Golden Pond Hospital, Zhao said. On February 6, there was one confirmed death in the ICU of the Mental Health Center. The deceased was an elderly patient.

(Zhao Ping is a pseudonym)

Duty Editor: Zhuang Menglei

Recommended reading

▼

TOURISM "PLAGUE" WAR: Chinese New Year feast bleak, domestic and foreign called "bitter" a cover hard to get, to combat "random price rise" effective

Virus can be spread by faeces of patients with NCP? Expert: The best recovery after two weeks of isolation

##

Go to "discover"-"take a look" browse "friends watching"

Sent

####Send it to take a look

Sending

A scan of wechat
Pay attention to the account


-------------
title: Wuhan Mental Health Center hospital infection, about 80 patients diagnosed with new pneumonia
source: China Newsweek
authors: _
editors: _
proofreader: _
photographer: _
translator: _
via: https://github.com/2019ncovmemory/nCovMemory
link: https://mp.weixin.qq.com/s/RZr9wYWFjGxZlnM7JBSm_g
archive: https://archive.is/reHST
snapshot: https://github.com/2019ncovmemory/nCovMemory/blob/master/archive/jpg/862.jpg
lead: About 50 patients and 30 medical staff were diagnosed with new crown pneumonia
cover: data:image/jpeg;base64,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
