##Love in the time of pneumonia

Micro-signal Mengbeiyu

Feature Introduction, an anachronistic cynic's thought and attempt.

As a special chapter in the epidemic: Love in the pneumonia period

Papaver Rhoeas, a 23 year old civil servant who joined the government at the end of last year, is not the usual pretty girl, but she is pretty good looking, and she has hosted many government events, so you can see that her appearance is not bad.

When a single guy like me gets a new girl into the government, we're all basically like hungry wolves, but with quality. Of course, civil servants are not necessarily of high quality. I had a classmate in high school who was basically a scum, but he was also admitted to the civil service. After all, character is very difficult to assess, and ultimately through the operation of his family, in the Sanjiang City Disciplinary Committee Staff on the job.

I do not mean to Black Disciplinary Committee, this student really in Sanjiang City Disciplinary Committee work. It's easy to understand. If your family is going to operate, it's usually for the express train on the platform, so it's not like they're going to run you to the Science and Technology Association, the Women's Federation, the veteran cadres'bureau, generally will be two do, the organization department, the Propaganda Department, the Disciplinary Commission these authoritative departments. From what I learned about him in high school, and by the logic that a leopard can't change its spots, I don't think he's going to come out of his shell any time soon, and I'd rather believe that he's a scumbag now, too, especially in relationships.

What does a good hungry wolf look like? Just like me, we are constantly courting and being a dog licker. Although men think the same way when it comes to women, we still respect women, and we can always back off. For example, Bao Xiaoyu, an elective student at the end of last year, I especially liked this kind of petite and clever girl, and then I kept courting her. As a result, she became more and more afraid of me. I knew that things had gone wrong, and then my mentality returned to normal, as an ordinary colleague to contact, Bao Xiaoyu on my attitude but a lot better.

That's why I always fail. I'm desperate. I have a friend, Gao Xiaopan, who is so named because I was watching season 6 of the comedy of Mirth, and this friend used to do cross talk with my partner at a dating mixer. That was a bad decision, he made jokes, I thought he would help me, after all, he is still young, I am twenty-seven, the end of the day activity performance, three girls came to ask for his phone, I, none. This taught me a lesson:

Never go on a blind date with someone who looks better than you.

I doubt if I'll ever find a partner WHO's up to the task. However, everyone at the matchmaking event was very realistic. After hearing that he was not part of the program, the three girls never contacted him again. Gao xiaopan likes to eat kebabs, and the kebabs in Ziwu County are famous in Tam Giang, if you have a chance to come, you must try the Kebabs in Ziwu County, Gao Xiaopan now works in the court in downtown Tam Giang, private enterprise, to cooperate with the court in a judicial auction. Sanjiang is also a bustling city of one million people, Gao said. Eating all of Sanjiang, no matter how famous, is less than 1 percent of Ziwu County's kebabs. I believe what he said is true.

How do I know Gao Xiaopan? Before he graduated from university, he interned for a few months with the government of Niaoyuhuaxiang. He said it was an internship. In fact, it was a free labor force, but it was also a good thing to enhance understanding, during these months a student who does not know much about the world can gain a better understanding of the work of the government. Gao Xiaopan said to me three times, yes, three times, I remember very clearly, he said: "Brother Fish, do you know why your blind dates always fail? Because you are anxious, you are too anxious, will frighten the girls, thought you this old man lacks the woman not to be able to get, the girls are all scared away by you! "

I think he has a point, but it's a habit I've developed over time. For the past twenty or 10 years, I've been a backup, a backup for this, a backup for that, and a backup for that, so I'm sick of it, I'm sick of it, I feel like they're wasting my time, wasting my life. So I always want to be in a relationship as soon as possible to make sure I'm not a rebound, so I'm desperate.

What's a poppy like? I don't really know, or maybe because of our seven year age difference, I don't know exactly what young girls are thinking these days, and if I had my way, she'd be a silly girl. A happy, seemingly never anything to worry about, even if there is something to worry will be easy to say, 24 hours full of positive energy without a heart and no brain silly girl.

Twenty-seven, she came to the petition office to sit, bored to chat with me. It was just the two of us in the office, and it was twenty-seven of the best years of our lives. Not to mention the petition office, but the entire government building. I looked at her, fascinated, and asked, "would you mind dating a 30-year-old boyfriend? "

She stopped looking at her phone, turned to look at me and said, "Brother Fish, are you talking about yourself? "

I said, "isn't it obvious? "

She pursed her lips, said: "Brother Fish, in fact, I thought about you, when you first asked me whether I like to see a movie, I thought about it. ". But I think you're a man of requirements, and I'm afraid you wouldn't like a man like me. I'm lazy, and I'm stupid, and I don't know anything, and I think you'd like a man who's a little more intelligent and hardworking."

I laughed, i'll give you an example: there is a little dust on the ground. The Lazy Person Thinks it is not dirty enough. The industrious person thinks it is dirty enough. How could my wife be so lazy that she doesn't even know how to clean it. And if I'm a lazy person like you, we have the same standards, and we don't feel that we have to clean up, do you think there's no problem? Lazy people are more likely to understand lazy people, so do you need someone who works hard as a partner, or someone who is just as lazy as you?"

Papaver Rhoeas bit his thumb nail and nodded. "You make a lot of sense, " he said

And I went on to say, and I've always had this idea, that when two people are together, it's not like one person learns to live and then leads the other person's life. At least that's not what I want. I've been on a lot of dates before, and they're Nice, and a bunch of friends go out to dinner, and she always manages to take care of everybody, and I don't like it. What I want is not to be taught to live by someone who already knows how to live. I want to find someone who doesn't know how to live like me and explore life together, so that life is full of surprises, worries and expectations. I want us to create our own way of life together, not copy other people's lives."

Papaver Rhoeas thought for a moment and looked up at me. "Well, let's get along. It's going to be New Year soon. After the Spring Festival, we'll start dating to see if we're right for each other. "

I was obviously frightened by her decisiveness, stunned, and the poppy said, "isn't that what you just said? "

I said quickly, "of course I do, but I didn't expect you to be so quick. I thought I was the only one who would talk like that. I guess I'm too shy around you. I should take the initiative. Shall we go see your parents today? "

"I don't think so, " Papaver Rhoeas said

I said, "I'm kidding, too. "

In this way, the Spring Festival passed, then the epidemic occurred, the next story you should know, I write like a diary every day as my life. I even wonder if it makes sense. My life is made up of 24 hours a day, and I spend 22 hours living, including sleeping, as part of my life, and I spend two or three hours recording it. Well, looking at the real numbers in the praise, I believe it makes sense. At least they're real.

Today, poppy suddenly came to the petition office and sat solemnly across from me. For a second, I thought she was trying to send me a "good guy card" . But no, the rest of the story could have been written as a cheesy suburban idolatry, and that's the climax of the whole story, at least in my opinion.

Yu-mei stared at me and said, "Brother Fish, now du Yumen's son is in our office, he is chasing me, but I think he is very annoying, don't like him at all, so I think... "

I seem to have seen this scenario, so I replied: "So you want me to pretend to be your boyfriend, to let him die? "

Papaver Rhoeas was happy. "Yeah, yeah, yeah, that's the idea. How about that? "

I said: "No problem, this kind of thing, I know. You go upstairs, two minutes later I will come up to you. " Poppy was very happy, and I ran upstairs, and I didn't lie to her, I know all about fake boyfriends, seven years ago, when I was in the army, I was on duty at a party downtown, and I met a girl at the local art institute, we've been texting each other ever since. One day she sent me a message saying that a male student had been harassing him, but he was very aggressive, but he was very bitchy, and he was very persistent. No matter what she said, the boy was not self-conscious enough to look for any opportunity to get close to her, so she wanted me to pretend to be her boyfriend and warn him.

So I sent a text message to the boy: "Hello, I am Huangguo's boyfriend, I am now the military division soldiers, heard that you often harass her, you sent her messages, she sent me to see, I think you are particularly naive, not mature, do not do this kind of thing again. ". Don't make me ask for leave to come to you in person, and it's against the law to harass a soldier's girlfriend."

Later, Huang Guo sent me a message, very happy, asked me what in the end, the boy really did not come to harass her. But then Huang Guo graduated, to a city-level art group to work, found a boyfriend, we also broke off contact.

Now it looks like I'm GonNa have to pick up where I left off. I'm actually very nervous, acting is actually very difficult, in order to act realistically, you have to convince yourself that this is true, like those professional petitioners. But I had promised the poppy, so I forced myself to go up, on the way up, I think must have to give Du Yumen's son a sufficient reason to give up, simple and direct, all in one battle.

So I walked through the door of the epidemic prevention office, which was full of people, and I walked right up to Papaver Rhoeas, and I said, "Papaver Rhoeas, my mom's in Birdsong town, and she said she wants you to come over for dinner tonight. " 

With that, the air in the office froze and everyone seemed to be doing their own thing, but in fact I could feel everyone's attention was focused on the two of us, and the next member of the Lingsha Committee squatted directly on the floor, it was like falling down.

Silence is awkward. The poppy wore a mask over her entire face, but I could still see the "WTF  " look in her eyes, and since her reaction wasn't obvious, I continued, "are you free tonight? "

Papaver Rhoeas responded, glaring and nodding mechanically. Then I felt I had achieved my goal, turned around and was ready to leave the office, because I was afraid that people around me would see that I was nervous, but when I got to the door, I suddenly felt that the play was not enough and turned back and snapped my fingers, pointing to Papaver Rhoeas, he said, "when I first met my mother, I wanted to look nice. " 

The poppy continued in her bewilderment and nodded mechanically. I walked out to my office and saw four messages from the poppy:

"What's going on? "

"My god, you're really good! "

"perfect. "

"Love You. "

I was relieved that Papaver Rhoeas was happy with my performance, but I didn't think the part was good enough, so I went to a florist. Believe it or not, it wasn't easy finding a flower shop during the epidemic, but I did, placing a quick order and delivering a handful of flowers to Papaver Rhoeas's office a few minutes later. I hear a boom outside the door, and that's what I'm talking about.

Many of the poppies sent another message:

"Why is that? "

"Do you have to do the whole thing? "

"You're amazing. "

"Let me buy you dinner when the epidemic is over. "

As I looked at the words, "do you want to do the whole thing? " I thought of a scene from "the richest man in Xihong city" . Shen Teng stood on the balcony and said, "throw it away? Why don't I make waves one by one? "

Well, that's the end of the story. I had a few more paragraphs to write, but I was so sleepy. Before I knew it, it was Feb. 8. Now it was the Lantern Festival. I wish everyone a happy Lantern Festival. Luckily, I went to the supermarket a few days ago and grabbed a bag of frozen glutinous rice balls. I'LL EAT Tangyuan before I go to sleep. This kind of work and rest, gain weight is inevitable

Share this article with everyone you know

WECHAT SWEEPS UP Praise for author

####Send it to the author

People Admire

Long-press the QR code to transfer the funds to me

Under apple's new rules, wechat's iOS version of the APP has been turned off to support public accounts through Qr code transfers.

Go to "discover"-"take a look" browse "friends watching"

Sent

####Send it to take a look

Sending

A scan of wechat
Pay attention to the account


-------------
title: Love in the time of pneumonia
source: ji-ceng-xu-gou-gu-shi
authors: _
editors: _
proofreader: _
photographer: _
translator: _
via: https://github.com/2019ncovmemory/nCovMemory
link: https://mp.weixin.qq.com/s/GvcB9TwmzpyqwuodwhEwUw
archive: http://archive.ph/wCnan
snapshot: https://github.com/2019ncovmemory/nCovMemory/blob/master/archive/jpg/979.jpg
lead: Papaver Rhoeas responded, glaring and nodding mechanically. Then I felt I had achieved my goal, turned around and was ready to leave the office, because I was afraid that people around me would see that I was nervous, but when I got to the door, I suddenly felt that the play was not enough and turned back and snapped my fingers, pointing to Papaver Rhoeas, he said, "when I first met my mother, I wanted to look nice. " 
cover: data:image/jpeg;base64,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
