##Special edition of plague season (donations with nowhere to put them)

Micro-signal Mengbeiyu

Feature Introduction, an anachronistic cynic's thought and attempt.

As a special episode of the epidemic: A gift that can not be placed

"How much do you think the supplies are worth? " Yoser turned on his cell phone and lit up the countless cardboard boxes in front of us, like a firefly in a cave in a huge warehouse.

"One hundred thousand, don't look at a lot, instant noodles and mineral water are worthless, this case of mineral water also sells for twenty yuan, the most expensive is the drinks and snacks over there, and what detergent, hand Sanitizer, and even Sanitary Napkins? But if you look at the situation, mineral water and instant noodles make up at least 70% of the warehouse, I think it's about one hundred thousand, in front of the rolling "Hill" held up, not clear what, the warehouse is too big, but the cave is another firefly.

"I don't think so, " uther said as he walked and opened the cardboard box beside him, "Do you remember when we went to the supermarket and we bought a few things for over 100 yuan? I thought the materials inside were worth at least one hundred thousand one hundred thousand yuan, which is just the cost of production. The cardboard boxes and mineral water bottles are also worth a lot of scrap metal! "

"Don't care. They're only worth cardboard boxes and mineral water bottles now. You See, the opposite wall is flat, there is a platform, we have overhead lights, the chain is used to hang the stereo, we stand on the place is built steps, there are neat nuts. There are two holes in the wall at the back, so this used to be a cinema, a cinema built in a cave,"I said, while looking around the environment, looking at these left-over facilities, you can easily feel the prosperity of this place.

"Yeah, didn't you hear? " uther said, kicking the cardboard box beside him, "It used to be a bandit's den, used for bandit meetings, and then when the steel works were built it became a workers' activity center. Look at the billiard room and table tennis table behind it! It's become a movie theater and a small theater, a steel factory dating Mecca, and 20 years ago you would have been the most romantic if you had bought two tickets for your date to come and see a show."

"Steel men and women? I almost heard straight men and straight women! ha ha ha ha... " I finished laughing, leaning over the stack of neat mineral water in front of me in the light of my phone, I wiped the dust off the cardboard box, which had an expiration date on March 21,2020, i shouted, "Hey, Youssef, my water's not expired yet! "

"Most of the water is not past its expiration date, but it will soon be, either this month, next month or April at the latest, " Yoser said. "Don't touch anything. Even if it's not expired, here, you dare to drink it? Yes!"

I said: "How dare not drink, wash clean can drink ah, this packaging is all good? "

"Then I'll buy you a drink. I'll give you all the stuff in the warehouse. I don't mind if you take a bath with it. " uther coughed twice, "I've just checked almost everything, mineral water and detergent, and that coca-cola-looking drink that's not expired, but it's almost expired, and I wouldn't dare drink it if you gave it to me. Let's go out and talk to commissioner Su."

Yue Se and I slapped the dust off our bodies and walked out of the cave. Su Ru was standing on the basketball court in front of the Cave and talking on the phone. The Basketball Court even had its hoops removed. There was only the basketball string made of white tiles embedded in the concrete floor, a reminder that this used to be a basketball court.

"How? " Su Ru hung up the telephone to say to us.

"everything you eat, whether it's instant noodles or cookies or snacks, is out of date, and most foods have a shelf life of six months. Just mineral water, drinks and a few boxes of dishwashing liquid, which will expire next month, and if we don't get rid of it now, we'll have to deal with it again next Month.i took off my mask and gasped, looking at Su Ru, hoping she can tell us her plan.

"Alas, when the flood hit, the shelf life of many things was not long when they were donated, " Su ru said. "Now we put it in the warehouse for six months, and it's definitely expired. " In fact, Su ru didn't say it was right, i looked at the normal dates for most of the supplies, which were produced before and after the flood in Ziwu County, which means that the donors didn't intentionally give us supplies that were about to expire to use up their inventory. But Su ru said this is understandable, the flood donated materials have been stored in the warehouse until the expiration, this is a very sensitive matter, if not properly handled, the consequences can be small.

"In this way, you go to the shelf life of each product photographed, we sent to the leadership to see that these things have expired, and then I immediately call Secretary Huang to explain the situation. " Said Su ru and went away to call.

Yue Se looked at Su ru to call the back of the small voice said: "Can do? Move Away, destroy, you can also eat them? ! Do not poison several strange! "

I said, "it's not that simple. If it were that simple, we wouldn't be here. Su Ru certainly did not know how much material there is in this cave before, thought that we two people can carry on the car to pull out to destroy, came here to see this scene, found that two labor can not solve the problem, so now turn to the leadership."

Su Ru walks over, say: "You two go in to count again, did not expire of how many, we see whether can return a factory to go? "

I was speechless at the decision, but turned and went into the cave, as he walked, he said to Yueser, "I don't know what Commissioner Su thinks. The manufacturer donated several truckloads of materials during the flood disaster last year. Now six months have passed, and the flood disaster is long gone. As a result, the materials donated by others have not been used out. It looks like they will expire. Now I think of returning them. Is it possible? "? Yes!"

Yue Se smiled and said: "The manufacturer is not a fool, perhaps the other side angry, give you poke up to the news, the county leaders are not good. "

Then Su ru walked to the mouth of the cave and called us: "You don't count, come back. "

We walked back to the basketball court at the mouth of the hole, su Ru said: "The thing is, this is the flood last year when the community donated materials, now put here, basically have expired. ". This matter, uh, is quite sensitive. Just a few days ago, something happened in Wuhan that donated vegetables went bad, which caused a great impact on society. Therefore, this matter has to be handled in a low-key way. I have already asked tax lily to contact the vehicles. I have also asked some young colleagues from the government to come here. This matter can only be done by our own people. We can not find porters to do it. The fewer people who know, the better. People also don't take photos. Don't talk about it after moving."

I looked at the black material in the hole, and I thought, we're going to have to move for a very long time. Even if you get all the young people from the government here, some of them may not be able to come. Even in the most optimistic case, 20 young colleagues came, that's from this afternoon to the next day. I looked at Yosef next to me, and his furrowed brow suggested that he and I were on the same page.

A moment later, Chen Zhen came in his car with a few other people on board. They only knew that they were coming to carry supplies. They obviously did not know how much they were facing. As soon as Chen Zhen entered the cave, he emitted a "Ri"-like alarm, and I led them on a tour of the magnificent warehouse and supplies.

The warehouse hasn't been dismantled yet, and you can see how it used to be, and how it used to be when the steel mill was here. Girls at that time, if they could marry a steel mill worker, they would be the envy of everyone. Unfortunately, after only 20 years, things changed, backward production capacity was eliminated and a large number of enterprises were closed down, the living area of the steel mill known as "little Hong Kong" is also slowly declining, leaving behind some old people who can not afford to move away with a bit of smoke and fire, and a large number of empty rooms and buildings, and a reminder of the glories of the past.

"when the time comes to get rid of you, you can't even say good-bye, " Chen Zhen said, looking at the Chandelier in the sky, "Is there no light in the warehouse? I said why did Commissioner Su ask us to bring flashlights when he called us here? "

"It looks broken, " said Maddy. "You can see that the lamp is clean. It must have been installed in the last month or two. Now it's only half broken. "

"Didn't you hear what Su-ru said? The door here was Jimmied, new locks were put in. But there's nothing to lose. A thief can only carry a few boxes of instant noodles. There's not much to lose. You can't carry the contents without a big truck."

I said: "This is not necessarily, you do not know when the thief came in, may come in time things have expired, so the thief did not take anything, the thief also Cherish Life Ah, you are full of expired goods who dare to move ah? "

"Oh, look, there is a basement under the stage? " Chen Zhen stepped over the mountain of mineral water and instant noodles, which are made up of boxes of randomly stacked instant noodles. The mountain is different, a deliberate mountain formation. Because instant noodles marketing, it is easy to send out, and mineral water is really not a valuable thing, heavy, and drink cold white KAI is no different, not easy to send out. Coupled with the flood during the continuous rain, a lot of mineral water cartons are wet, it is easy to move out of the whole box, this I have very experience. So when stacking, we first put the box of mineral water around the city, make a "wall" , and then put the scattered mineral water into the "wall" inside the throw, on the pile of a "mountain" .

We walked up to the stage, stepping on numerous instant noodles and mineral water. There was a steel staircase embedded in the wall, reaching up to the top of the stage and down to the bottom of the stage, but it was dark and the light from our cell phones and flashlights was really weak, people look at me, I look at you, still decided not to go down to find out.

At this time, Gu Sanshi was looking through piles and piles of unpacked boxes. I knew he was looking for anything that might be of value. "Sanitary Napkins, Sanitary Napkins, what do you think I found? " He flashed his flashlight and motioned us to look, but we didn't go over to look, because he had shouted out the answer, and that removed the mystery of the unknown, "I don't know what's wrong with these people? There's a flood. What are they doing donating so many Sanitary Napkins for women? ! "

Everyone laughed and Chen Zhen said, "you don't know this, this is the real human care, ah, is a symbol of high-level people, people always care about the disaster area people's Women's Personal Health Ah, ha ha ha... "

At this time Su ru walked into the mouth of the cave, shouted: "Tax Lily director has been in contact with the car, a car will come soon, we have to move to the end of the night to go home. "

"finished? ! " Chen Zhen said in a low voice after Su ru came out of the cave. "How is that possible? We can move all night long. This is still under the condition of no rest. I promise, two hours is hungry. After two hours, no one will move! "

"I knew it, " Yoser said. "Just a few of us? We could have called the whole government. "

I said, "if you are against it, you have to come up with a solution. A leader needs to solve a problem. You should at least give her a better way to convince her. "

Chen Zhen said, "Hey, brother fish, don't you have a lot of ideas? Give me some ideas. How can we lighten our workload? Otherwise, I doubt we'll all be here tomorrow. "

"It's better to have a few wheelbarrows, otherwise it would take a lot of effort to move out box by box, " he said

I said: "You really are a big fool, this warehouse to the hole is a few steps up, this hole to the basketball court is a few steps down, the only longest flat is the hole two meters long section, you in two meters long this section of the road with a trolley AH? "

I said: "The current leadership is two problems, the first, how to keep secret, so many materials expired, not good is to blame, so the government does not want to hire porters to do; the second is how to quietly dispose of this expired materials. ".

It's actually quite simple. I've already observed that more than 70% of the supplies in this warehouse are mineral water, so if we can solve mineral water, then we can solve 70% of the problems, and if we can solve the remaining 30% of the problems, we can solve the cartons, then we're down to 20% of our supplies.

And that's why we don't want people to see it, because a lot of boxes have the word 'donate' on them, and people can tell at a glance that the donated product has been expired by the government.

So I think we just need to get in touch with a trustworthy waste collector and ask him to get two or three workers to come and take down all the cartons and give them to them for scrap. They'll be happy to do that, you haven't seen how the cleaning ladies fight over a cardboard box that only sells for a few cents. And I asked this boss to hire workers who would not use wechat. Now many older people are unable to use wechat. We will send someone to supervise them not to take photos, have them take all the boxes apart for scrap, so who knows what's left in the warehouse is a donation? Yes!"

"But the workers have mouths, " said big fool. "He can talk. He doesn't have any photos, but he will go out and tell others about it. "

"It doesn't matter, " I laughed. "He can say whatever he wants, as long as he doesn't have pictures and can't tell the truth, even if he says there's a billion dollars in cash in the cave and we've divided it up. As long as he doesn't take pictures, he can go out and say whatever he wants. It doesn't make waves. "

Chen Zhen said, "brother fish has a point. As long as there are no pictures or facts, he can go out and say whatever he wants. But you have only solved the problem of cardboard boxes, which account for at most 10% of all materials. What will you do with the remaining 90% ? "

I said, "we really can't do anything about the rest of the supplies, the snacks and the dish detergent, but most of it is mineral water, and bottles of mineral water are for sale, and everyone knows that. I've just seen it. There's a toilet right next to this stage, and there's a drain in the toilet. We made a big basin, under the big basin there is a pipe to the sewer, we asked the father of the waste collection and a few more workers to pour all the mineral water. So what we're going to be taking out is not mineral water, but a bunch of crushed, empty bottles that won't attract attention.

My approach has several benefits:

We're getting it out of here, it's a lot of work, and it's going to go through three stages, going to the car, going to the car, going to the car, going to Florida, going to Florida, going to Florida, going to Florida, going to Florida, going to Florida, going to Florida, going to Florida, going to Florida, going to Florida, going to Florida, going to Florida, straight to the junkyard, it's a one stage stage ride. You think, you carry a box of mineral water to go out, carry on the car, again carry down, again look for a place to bury, so convenient? Or would it be easier to carry a flattened cardboard box and 24 crushed, empty mineral water bottles to the car and haul them straight to the recycling bin? And I think good, do not look for local waste recycling stations, directly to the suburbs of Sanjiang waste recycling stations, so it will not cause everyone's attention.

At this rate, we'll only be moving 20% of our current mission. The last 20 percent I've decided on, there's no mineral water, there's no cardboard boxes with the word 'donation' on them, there's not much left, we'll just have a few workers come in and take it away, tell the workers, these are fake and shoddy goods seized by the Bureau of Industry and Commerce, because there aren't many of them, and the workers won't feel any different, so they can be dragged to the landfill and buried in the open."

Chen Zhen clapped his hands in wonder, said: "AI AI AI AI, brother fish, brother fish, I think your approach is good, you do not want to mention to Su Ru, I think really your approach is good, whether from the point of view of confidentiality, or quickly and effectively deal with these expired materials, are better than the current approach. "

I said: "I have already mentioned, Su ru did not accept, but also did not say why, then let's move out like this one by one, and Su ru less considered a problem, please ask us to move onto the car here, who moved off over there, even if it is directly into a ready-made pit, also need someone to guard Ah? "? !"

"Ah, never mind, " Chen said. "I'm not going to stay up all night anyway. I'll leave whenever Su ru does. "

This is Su ru walks into the cave to shout: "everybody goes back, today did not solve, I first record the situation here to the leadership to see, finally by Yellow Secretary to decide, see how to do after all. "

Share this article with everyone you know

WECHAT SWEEPS UP Praise for author

####Send it to the author

People Admire

Long-press the QR code to transfer the funds to me

WECHAT's iOS version of the APP has been turned off to support public accounts through Qr code transfers due to apple's new rules.

Go to "discover"-"take a look" browse "friends watching"

Sent

####Send it to take a look

Sending

A scan of wechat
Pay attention to the account


-------------
title: Special edition of plague season (donations with nowhere to put them)
source: ji-ceng-xu-gou-gu-shi
authors: _
editors: _
proofreader: _
photographer: _
translator: _
via: https://github.com/2019ncovmemory/nCovMemory
link: https://mp.weixin.qq.com/s/qeWfWGqmMYpX0LlKnRjfKA
archive: http://archive.ph/ks8Xu
snapshot: https://github.com/2019ncovmemory/nCovMemory/blob/master/archive/jpg/2049.jpg
lead: I suddenly remembered the news many years ago that many relief materials in Wenchuan County, Sichuan Province had been left idle and finally scrapped. I also saw the news a few days ago that more than a dozen tons of vegetables that had been used to help Wuhan in the province had been damaged in a warehouse. And this time, the town of Niaoyuhuazhen received donations during the flood, stored in the warehouse for six months, until the expiration of processing. Why does giving go to waste keep recurring?
cover: data:image/jpeg;base64,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
