##Medical workers make their own goggles in file bags as they fight an epidemic in a township in Hubei Province

Micro Signal, Peopleweekly

Feature description, portrait of the Times.

The shortage of medical protection resources is the normal situation. The distribution of resources in different places needs to be balanced

Migrant returnees are most concerned about the issue of economic income cut-off, regional discrimination, fear that may not be able to return to work after the festival

This article first appeared in the southern people's weekly
By Zhang Yuxin, staff writer
Zhao Lei, Xu Mei, Deng Yu, Chen Yang
Editor | Zhou Jianping, Kuai Lehao
The full text is about 5,357 words and takes about 12 minutes to peruse

The shortage of medical protection resources is the normal situation. The distribution of resources in different places needs to be balanced

Migrant returnees are most concerned about the issue of economic income cut-off, regional discrimination, fear that may not be able to return to work after the festival

This article first appeared in the southern people's weekly

By Zhang Yuxin, staff writer

Zhao Lei, Xu Mei, Deng Yu, Chen Yang

Editor | Zhou Jianping, Kuai Lehao

The full text is about 5,357 words and takes about 12 minutes to peruse

Xiaogan Central Hospital Digestive Ward 2(now viral pneumonia ward) , health care workers with a paper bag homemade protective cover map, respondents provided

Following the January 23 at 10:00 am Wuhan "closed city" , the next two days, Hubei subordinate cities issued similar epidemic prevention measures. As of January 26, the city of Hubei had been sealed off except for Xiangyang and the Shennongjia.

"Hubei is not only a Wuhan" "save the rest of Hubei" voice, in recent days gradually received attention. The epidemic situation in other areas of Hubei, especially in rural areas, has been described as "late" and "dark under the lamp" . After closing the city for a few days, has the situation of "dark under the lamp" been improved? What are they worried about? What is the supply of medical resources in County and village hospitals?

Southern People weekly contacted nearly 10 people from Hubei Province, who live in counties and villages under the jurisdiction of cities such as Shiyan, Suizhou, Ezhou, Xianning, Huanggang, Yichang and Xiantao, there are responsible for screening the work of rural public officials, county hospitals, first-line medical staff, but also migrant workers returned home..

In the eyes of different people, we can see the picture of rural life in Hubei County after the closure of the city. There are similarities and differences between regions and families; some people feel they are in a "epidemic blind spot" , and some people are beginning to feel relieved.

There are rumors, there are truths, and there is nothing they want more than to know, between truth and fiction, between anxiety and hope: How long will this epidemic last?

Qichun County's first farmers'market, closed during the outbreak Tutankhamun interviewee provided

Medical Resources: Slow diagnosis and inadequate protection, but aid is beginning to arrive
"Finally, a little hope, a little peace of mind. "

Medical Resources: Slow diagnosis and inadequate protection, but aid is beginning to arrive

"Finally, a little hope, a little peace of mind. "

On the evening of January 24, on the 30th of the Lunar New Year, Ding Yu (not his real name) of a Department of the Qichun County People's Hospital received a notice that all medical and nursing staff were temporarily on leave, it has been 25 days since he learned of the first case of COVID-19 pneumonia in Wuhan at the end of 2019.

About two weeks ago, the hospital received its first suspected case of COVID-19 pneumonia. On January 20, there was an increase in the number of fever clinics in the hospital and the first suspected case was reported to Ding Yu's department. Because the patient had fever and cough, the hospital quickly ordered a chest CT, which showed a patchy, ground-glass shadow that had spread from the periphery to the center of the patient's lungs. The patient was transferred to the infection department and admitted.

Qichun County People's hospital usually has more than a stream, b stream patients, within a year was diagnosed with less than five viral pneumonia, so the hospital almost no nucleic acid test kits, then hospitalized patients for several days can not be confirmed.

"The Huanggang Center for Disease Control and prevention issued a nucleic acid test kit on the 25th. Our hospital has a daily quota of 30, " Ding estimated. Each kit takes about five hours to get test results, even if the kit is sufficient, medical staff around the clock can only test more than 20, so down, the speed of diagnosis or completely unable to keep up.

The shortage is not only test kits, according to Ding Yu understanding, the hospital mask has also been unified control. These days, routine care masks are distributed at morning meetings in all departments, one per person per day. "medical surgical masks are only available for surgery, N95 masks are not available. ".

On the afternoon of the 25th, he saw a group of emergency medical workers performing a rescue operation on an old man. Several doctors and nurses were only wearing disposable masks and ordinary surgical clothes. However, after the rescue failed and the old man was declared dead, a CT scan showed a suspected COVID-19 pneumonia, and one of the nurses started crying. There is no experience in dealing with major epidemics, and no additional protective equipment, such as goggles, is available in the hospital. These two days, he only saw the emergency department and a very small number of key departments of doctors wearing medical protective clothing, "relatively few, is a social fund-raising. ".

At the entrance of Qichun County's first farmers'market, one of the most congested roads in Caohe town, the streets are exceptionally spacious today, with occasional cars passing by

Over the past few days, fever clinics have seen two to three times as many people, and Ding is more worried about Qichun County's dozens of townships. Before the closure of the city, 50 percent of hospital visits were usually made up of people from the towns and villages under his command. In the past two days, he saw vehicles from the relevant departments parked across the road, blocking the road from the towns to the county seat. "people in the villages and towns may not have enough knowledge about the epidemic. Some local health centers are closed for the Spring Festival, and people who are sick can not go out to the villages and towns for timely treatment. At present, there are no people from the villages to come to see a doctor, and we do not know their physical condition. We feel that there is also a blind area, " Ding said.

At noon on the 26th, Ding Yu told reporters that the hospital had just received a large number of protective materials for social assistance, which were being distributed to various departments and offices. The day before yesterday, the hospital issued a public notice asking for help for urgently needed medical and nursing materials. "finally see a bit of hope, a little bit relieved" , Ding Yu Chang Shu a breath.

Huanggang Qichun People's Hospital is not the only one to receive aid materials. On the line, a person familiar with the situation said that supplies such as masks had started to arrive at a local hospital in Hong'an County, Huanggang, on January 24, but there were still gaps and needed social assistance. In a list of demand, compiled by volunteers, for 27 hospitals in Huanggang's metropolitan area, including Huangmei County, Wuxue, Huanggang, Tuanfeng County, Macheng, Macheng, Luotian County, Luotian County, Luotian County, Luotian County, Luotian County, Luotian County and Luotian County, as of 11 p.m. on 25 January, all but two hospitals that had been assigned to assist in the search had reported that conditions were good, with other hospitals reporting gaps in supplies and shortages of protective clothing, or only a few days of stock, can only supply the Department of infectious diseases and other parts of the protection needs of the hospital to receive suspected cases, most of the hospital facing isolation ward beds and fever clinic full situation.

At Qichun County station, there is only one ticket refund window for paper tickets. Several residents are getting their tickets refunded, including several middle-aged men who are not wearing masks. When staff members were asked when the seals would be lifted, they responded uniformly and waited for the government notification figure / Respondent to provide it

The same is true of hospitals in other regions outside Huanggang. Recently, a number of hospitals across Hubei Province to the public issued a request for assistance notice. In an article published on January 25, the public number of Tongshan County People's Hospital in Xianning showed that the hospital registration office and corridors were full, and all the seats in the lobby lounge were occupied by patients wearing masks and receiving intravenous drips, at the same time, donations of social goods such as goggles, masks, protective clothing and protective masks are urged, "At present, our hospital is seriously short of protective supplies for medical staff and medical materials. Our hospital can not meet the needs of rapid growth in a short period of time. ".

Liu Wen, a villager in a town in Shiyan, saw news on January 25 that Shiyan had raised 38 million yuan to buy medical equipment, medicines, protective equipment for medical staff and treatment for patients. "But the problem now is that you can't just have the money, you have to have the supply, you have to have the transportation. "

Through the introduction of alumni, Liu Wen into a hospital in Hubei Province to help materials alumni volunteer group. Many county and township level hospitals have publicly issued information for help. A 19-year-old student told him that there was a shortage of N95 masks and medical masks in line with international standards, and that there was a stock of imported masks in line with European Union standards. He tried to match donations from local communities and society. "It's really in short supply, " he said. "although the official guarantee is now in place, I think the more the merrier. "

Around January 26, a video of a hospital in Xiaogan city center caught the Internet's attention. The video showed hospital staff making their own protective masks using a transparent file bag. The staff of the Medical Equipment Department of the hospital told us that they have received a number of phone calls from individuals or companies for donation and consultation. The logistics and other channels are also open at present, but compared with the actual demand for first-line protective materials, there's still a big gap.

"Wuhan is more worried, " said another. "there may be many things that can not be alleviated. But in small county towns, if medical supplies and people's livelihood supplies can be supplied as scheduled, there will still be no big fluctuations in life. "

Health Care Workers at Xiaogan City Center hospital put on a self-made protective shield with a paper bag

Some people are nervous, others are playing Mahjong
"Our family has been waiting, waiting for the village committee to register and inspect, waiting for the village to publicize the epidemic, waiting for the abolition of the custom of going door to door on the first day of the Lunar New Year. "

Some people are nervous, others are playing Mahjong

"Our family has been waiting, waiting for the village committee to register and inspect, waiting for the village to publicize the epidemic, waiting for the abolition of the custom of going door to door on the first day of the Lunar New Year. "

"village cadres have been sent to the masses. This year they will not visit and pay New Year calls. "

Haihua, a villager from quanhongling village in Xianning, returned to her hometown in Hubei Province this year with her husband. Unexpectedly, she met Xianning, which was shut down by the epidemic. On New Year's Eve, she posted a message on her family's Wechat Group: "stay at home this year. Don't go anywhere. We have road closures everywhere. We can't go anywhere. "

Road Map / interviewees provided in various ways between villages and county towns in Hubei Province

Her relatives, mostly in the countryside, feared they would not take her seriously, and she sent out tearful messages from some medical staff to illustrate the seriousness of the situation. Village officials began going from house to house to screen the village's returning residents from Wuhan, where, she had heard, some of them had been infected. Some villagers wear masks, but few go out. Most people in the village still feel that wearing a mask is out of place.

Meanwhile in Xianning, Susanna, a villager in a village in Tongshan County, is anxious.

Susanna had not seen any propaganda about the outbreak, and the villagers were still paying their lunar new year greetings without masks, and people returning from Wuhan were not quarantined. She took pains to convince her family and relatives, but she felt isolated and that her hometown seemed to be in an "epidemic blind spot. ". In the next town, masks are already selling for $5 a pop.

It wasn't until the morning of Jan. 26, the second day of the Lunar New Year, that Susanna finally received his notice. The village leader posted a form on the WECHAT group, asking people returning from Wuhan to fill out the information. "The group leader said that it would not be impolite to register at home on the second day of the Lunar New Year, so that all people returning from Wuhan after January 9 would register voluntarily. "

In the hometown of Beijing Migrant worker Ning Ping, in a town in Suizhou, Hubei Province. On her way to Suizhou in the afternoon of January 20, she saw the news of the outbreak and, in order to avoid Wuhan Station, got off the train in Xinyang ahead of time and took a bus home. On January 21, twenty-seven, the day after she arrived home in Ninh Binh, she saw a report from the National Health Commission that 149 new cases of pneumonia had been confirmed in 13 provinces (regions and cities) , and 105 cases had been reported in Hubei Province.

"In a small town, I see people going to markets and shopping, without masks, crammed into vegetable markets, and the sound of people hawking, honking and bargaining. In the village, the returnees and people living in the village are playing cards with each other, and the Stuffy Mahjong Parlors are crowded with people of all ages and all the tables are occupied

In addition to the Mahjong Parlors, there are also some housewives who work hard at home to prepare New Year's Eve dinner and ingredients for the Spring Festival. Every year before the New Year's Eve in Ningping's hometown, every family makes their own braised meat. Stewed meat needs to mix soup, the neighbors to save trouble, often a lot of domestic pot of gravy, this family used to that family, pass each other.

"where I come from, people like to eat all kinds of stewed game, like stewed hares and stewed pheasants. I saw two families stewing hares at home, and the rest of the stewed meat was taken away and used again. "

In the whole village, no one mentioned the epidemic, no one paid attention to whether the returnees were working in or passing through Wuhan, no one said that they could not eat game, and the whole village was immersed in the joy of celebrating the Spring Festival.

On Jan. 22, World Health Organization organized an emergency meeting on the outbreak of pneumonia in Wuhan, China, and CCTV broadcast a state run news conference. On the same day, Ninh Binh received one after another reports of people being infected in the urban area. It reiterated the seriousness of the outbreak to its families, reminding them not to come into contact with cold, cold-prone people returning from Wuhan and to stay indoors as much as possible.

But according to her observation, around the neighbors, especially returnees, cold and cough, nasal heavy people are not a small number, the real awareness of the protection of people, almost no. Several of her neighbors, a family of 10 plus small children, had at least five colds, the source of which was their relatives back from Wuhan. After catching a cold, they did not self-isolation, and did not wear masks, as usual with the children, visit.

Ningping's mother and brother thought she was being alarmist. It was not until the 23rd that news of the closure of Wuhan came out that anyone on the street was wearing a mask.

That morning, she and her mother went to the town pharmacy to buy face masks and preventive medicine. About 70 per cent of the people in the market wore a thin mask. Some people don't have masks and cover their noses with scarves or collars, while some children who follow their parents cover their noses with their hands.

The first drugstore they went to was sold out, and the clerk at the second told them that the only thin masks in town were the ones they saw, 50 of them in a box, for 100 bucks a box, and they could sell them alone.

Konipin thinks the mask is too defensive. "The bottom line is that a lot of folks don't buy the whole box, they just buy a few. That is, they feel like my parents that they can use the mask over and over again. "

When they returned to the village after buying the masks, the villagers saw them wearing masks and carrying disinfectant and prophylactic drugs. "It's no big deal, " they laughed. "You don't have to act so serious. It's just rumors. "

Ninh Binh's childhood friends are among them. His childhood friend, a migrant worker returning from Beijing, had driven to Wuhan before. Across the road in Ninh Binh, he tried to persuade him to sterilize and prevent the disease. "It's okay, " he said with a laugh. "It's not serious. If you're really sick, the state will pay. " Then, went to play Mahjong this afternoon as usual.

On Jan. 24, after Wuhan, other cities in the province began closing down their cities, and Ninh Binh saw high school classmates send out circles of friends saying that their village counted people returning home for the Spring Festival and did checks. Relatives who live in the city have called to cancel the New Year party during the Spring Festival.

"My family has been waiting, waiting for the village committee to tell me to register and inspect, waiting for the village to publicize the epidemic and cancel the custom of going door-to-door on the first day of the Lunar New Year. "

Until the New Year's Day, the city closed, the road to the city was blocked by traffic police. As usual, villagers in the village gathered together to chat without masks, and as usual, pulled Ning Ping's father to drink and play cards until his mother tried to snatch him out, rushed home wearing a mask, closed the door and washed her hands, in self-imposed quarantine during the Spring Festival.

Yellow-yellow highway entrance and exit, police cars closed road. Some local residents trying to get on the highway were dissuaded from returning to the map / respondents provided

The present life and the long-term livelihood
"A significant number of workers without a fixed salary who can not return to work after years face livelihood problems. "

The present life and the long-term livelihood

"A significant number of workers without a fixed salary who can not return to work after years face livelihood problems. "

In contrast to the big cities, most of the respondents in the counties and villages did not worry about the material reserve.

In Qichun County, Huanggang, Wang Xin (not her real name) and her relatives and friends voluntarily canceled all the "reunion dinners" for the Spring Festival. The family started counting supplies, a 20-square-meter vegetable garden, 16 Crucian Carp, a wild goat and a dozen chickens, and the CILANTRO, cabbage that every family grows..

In addition, people in Small County towns hardly rely on public transport, most people have a motorcycle or bicycle, good at self-sufficiency, their own set of survival logic.

There are also people with suspected symptoms who begin to isolate themselves at home.

XIANTAO's Orchid Lady (not her real name) and son returned to Xiantao from Wuhan, afraid of infecting the family elders, they decided to self-isolation for 14 days. After the outbreak escalated on January 24th, she spent her days at home rubbing down with 84 disinfectants and bottles of white wine -- as if she had chronic pharyngitis and was sensitive to the smell of alcohol. Her sister saw the "Hubei Daily" published preventive Chinese medicine prescription, for her to catch a few, daily decoction.

Self-isolated residents of Xiantao are provided with protective masks at home and Chinese Medicine Drawing / Interviewees prepared according to the prescription published by Hubei Daily

Hu Yue, a native of Ezhou who also lives in isolation at home, is torn between wanting to go to the hospital but not daring to. He went to Wuhan on January 9 and returned feeling worse for the cold, but having no symptoms of Florida fever, chest tightness, or dyspnea, as measured by suspicious indicators. Want to go to the hospital to see, his family advised him not to go, the hospital the risk of secondary infection, but more unsafe. And the medical conditions in Ezhou are so different from those in Wuhan that he never goes to Xiehe. So he continued to take loquat cream, downloaded a concordant APP, and tried to do free consultations -- until the first step was to upload a doctor's list, but he hadn't been to the hospital since he had a cold.

With the arrival of the "closure order" in various regions, the roads between villages began to be sealed with Loess, brick or in various ways. Xianning closed the city at 10 o'clock on January 24, the day Susanna saw the photos circulating and the road between his village and the county seat of Tongshan County was closed. Although there is no shortage of supplies for the time being, there is little protection in the countryside, which has become harder to obtain after road closures. Susanna had used up most of his face mask and disinfectant, and sometimes sent some to visiting relatives.

The bigger problem is that if the family can not return to Wuhan and Beijing to work after the holiday, their financial resources will be cut off.

Gao, a migrant worker from half moon, Dangyang, is required to work on the seventh day of the seventh lunar month, but it is unclear whether roads will be unsealed. Originally he was going to Henan father-in-law's home for the New Year, after the epidemic, afraid of Hubei head back to cause trouble, Xiaogao will consciously cancel the trip. On the Internet, he saw pictures of people from Henan Holding banners urging them to return, with words such as "Wuhan people don't come back, self-isolation, forced return, disloyal and unfilial" -- a phrase that worried him for his fellow villagers working outside Hubei Province.

In Shiyan, Liu Wen's town is home to many Wuhan returnees, most of them manual labourers. He also believes that people around him are under more financial pressure than city dwellers. A significant number of unsalaried workers, unable to return to work after years, face the prospect of a New Year of household expenses, tuition fees for their children, and so on. "I think people may feel calmer within a month and can accept it. But what if they can't go out to work for a long time? " Liu said.

COVID-19 PNEUMONIA SPECIAL TOPIC:

To gather the true story of the plague, and to record our fate

"Southern People Weekly" now for all the first-line readers of the new cap pneumonia, write down the story you are experiencing or seeing. If you are a front line health care worker or family member, public service worker in affected area, patient or family member, professional, etc. . If you have a story, a problem, or a suggestion, please let us know. We also collect interviewees and news leads, leave your contact information, our reporter will contact you. We will fully protect the privacy of the interviewees.

Quarantine the epidemic, but not love. Write your true story, your plight and your hope, and record our common destiny, hand in hand inside and outside the city.

The draft form is not limited: Text (2000 words or so) , pictures (original shot) , audio and video (original recording) 

I wish all the friends in the epidemic area and not in the epidemic area a happy new year, peace and health.

Submission:
1. Reporter hotline: 13918532564,13631483936
2. wuhantingzhu@126. Com
3. Southern People Weekly's official Weibo Discussion Topic: I have something to say in the epidemic area
Note: Please be sure to submit the content of the true, objective, rational, non-rumor, non-rumour.

To gather the true story of the plague, and to record our fate

"Southern People Weekly" now for all the first-line readers of the new cap pneumonia, write down the story you are experiencing or seeing. If you are a front line health care worker or family member, public service worker in affected area, patient or family member, professional, etc. . If you have a story, a problem, or a suggestion, please let us know. We also collect interviewees and news leads, leave your contact information, our reporter will contact you. We will fully protect the privacy of the interviewees.

Quarantine the epidemic, but not love. Write your true story, your plight and your hope, and record our common destiny, hand in hand inside and outside the city.

The draft form is not limited: Text (2000 words or so) , pictures (original shot) , audio and video (original recording) 

I wish all the friends in the epidemic area and not in the epidemic area a happy new year, peace and health.

Submission:

1. Reporter hotline: 13918532564,13631483936

2. wuhantingzhu@126. Com

3. Southern People Weekly's official Weibo Discussion Topic: I have something to say in the epidemic area

Note: Please be sure to submit the content of the true, objective, rational, non-rumor, non-rumour.

Go to "discover"-"take a look" browse "friends watching"

Sent

####Send it to take a look

Sending

A scan of wechat
Pay attention to the account


-------------
title: Medical workers make their own goggles in file bags as they fight an epidemic in a township in Hubei Province
source: nan-fang-zhou-mo-/-nan-fang-ren-wu-zhou-kan
authors: _
editors: _
proofreader: _
photographer: _
translator: _
via: https://github.com/2019ncovmemory/nCovMemory
link: https://mp.weixin.qq.com/s/fvNVeyEQnkuyAGIeP6Gtug
archive: https://archive.is/lrHLX
snapshot: https://github.com/2019ncovmemory/nCovMemory/blob/master/archive/jpg/147.jpg
lead: A considerable number of rural migrant workers in Hubei are worried that they may not be able to return to work after the holiday.
cover: data:image/jpeg;base64,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
