##Yun Bai capital Bao Yi: New Force only one or two car can survive, capital do not blindly into

Micro-signal, Rancaijing

A feature presentation, a daily in depth report, redefines the innovation economy.

Original by ran CAIJING

By Kong Mingming

Editor | Zhou Changfan

In the past few years, hundreds of new-energy car companies have been set up, with an average of dozens of investors standing behind them, raising money at the top of their speed and amount, and everyone dreaming of finding the "Tesla of China" .

However, the car market is in a downturn and subsidies are on the EBB. So far, the new energy automobile enterprises have been unable to shake off the problems of burning money and losing money, and there have been chaotic phenomena such as layoffs, wage arrears, arrears in payment to suppliers, and factory stoppages, all this is undermining investor and consumer confidence. With Tesla's high-profile entry into the Chinese market and the opening of the Shanghai plant, the new car-making forces are facing a "shuffle" moment.

On February 26, Caijing held an online salon with the theme focused on the car manufacturing industry. The theme was shared by Mr. Bao Yi, the founder, chairman and Chairman of CEO  , and Mr. Bao Yi, the chairman of Caijing, and he shulong, the editor in chief of Caijing, had a dialogue.

Bao Yi believes that the new energy vehicle companies are facing a shuffle, only one or two core companies can really make good cars can survive. While Tesla's entry into China is a "Wolf came" , but "it can only meet part of the market demand, it is difficult to squeeze into other new energy vehicle companies to survive space, we all have their own space, each have their own stage" .

Following is the content of Bao Yi's sharing at the Salon:

New Energy Automobile is not only the revolution of automobile industry, but also the revolution of energy, intelligence and consumption pattern

What the epidemic has changed is the current pace of development of the automobile market, and the development of the new energy automobile industry will speed up after the spring. New Energy Automobile is not only a revolution of automobile industry, but also a revolution of energy, intelligence and consumption pattern.

On the one hand, the automobile has been transformed from a new vehicle to a new energy revolution. In this energy revolution, the green is also the important area of the distribution of the Yun Bai capital. For example, the lithium-ion battery that we cooperate with Wilma is the main use direction of passenger cars at present. In addition, we are also focusing on the deployment of methanol fuel cells, which are easy to transport and have sufficient capacity, and the methanol fuel cell project we are investing in is close to commercialization.

At the same time, the automotive industry has also unleashed a revolution in intelligence that has made the world interconnected and intelligent. China is often strangled in the core technologies of chips, software and hardware, so the Yun Bai capital also lays out new intelligence in addition to the new power, such as Kuang Shi Technology, etc. . We also encourage Kuang Shi to cooperate fully with enterprises like Wei Ma, armed together. More importantly, we need to seek mastery and breakthrough in core technologies to break away from our dependence on the West.

In addition, new energy vehicles is a revolution in consumption patterns. Wei Ma's sales system, including the financial system under construction, are innovative, are the New Economy, the new financial environment of young people like to see and hear the way, but also the new mode of concern to Yun Bai capital.

Personally, I think the revolution has just been trumpeted. The short-term impact on sales of new energy vehicles will not stop the shift from conventional cars to cooler, greener, greener and smarter cars. Among the new car makers, we also believe that, in addition to Tesla, one or two of China's leading new energy vehicles of the future will stand out.

Yun Bai capital was established in 2016, there are two main lines of business: one is a cross-border cooperation, the other is a combination of production and investment.

In terms of cross border synergy, we invested in Germany's Industry 4.0 to integrate Germany's best car production lines with the Chinese market; we acquired Swiss high end equipment to bring it to China; together we went to the Belt and Road market; We invest in healthcare in Southeast Asia and chip related industries in the U. S. to combine the best technology with the Chinese market.

With the combination of production and investment, we hope to find the future leader and King of China in new power, new intelligence, new mode and new life. Through the international network and capital force of Yun Bai capital, through the ecological system of Yun Bai capital itself, support these enterprises from a flower into a garden, a tree, into a forest, leading the industrial revolution.

At the same time, we with artificial intelligence, chips and other fields head enterprise cooperation, layout of the entire industrial revolution, but also promote like Wilma, Kuangshi and other outstanding enterprises to share symbiosis. The entrepreneurs of this era, the future leaders of this industry, will no longer be successful on their own, but will be successful together, through the combination of financial capital and industrial investment, leading the entire technological and market revolution.

Dialogue with Bao Yi:

Fear sometimes creates need

Disaster Brings Opportunity

Fuel Finance and Economics: The epidemic to Yun Bai capital investment project what impact? What was the most difficult thing you heard about the project? What advice and assistance have you given them?

Bao Yi: Before the outbreak came, I always said that the world had drifted apart over the past two years. An outbreak has made us feel once again that the world is closely interconnected. Every part of the global economy is pulled by a single impulse, and self-protection can not be separated from the trend of globalization.

To Yun Bai capital, European projects, factories and orders in China are affected to a certain extent. But I'm sure things will return to normal soon after the outbreak.

When everyone feels hopeless, it is the beginning of hope. Fear sometimes creates demand. Disaster Brings Opportunity. SARS enabled jd.com to make a decisive transition from offline to online, while Ali made a decisive transition from to B to to C. It is because of a disaster, so that everyone in the concept, the concept of more eager to the new technological revolution. This outbreak is going to change China.

What changed China, however, was not an epidemic but a greater thirst for new technology. The Intellectual Revolution will accelerate, and humanity will move in a smarter, more digital, more intelligent direction, to breathe, to be treated, to buy things, to travel.

My advice to all of you is to do exactly what you set out to do in the current outbreak. For investors, the capital markets are investing in the future, two or three months at a time, and it's true that sales will be affected in those two or three months, but we have to be confident that the epidemic will pass, and we'll be investing in the next decade. As long as the company's technology and value have a future, it won't make a big difference.

Who makes the money first

Who can really get up

Burning Finance and economics: Yun Bai capital is a Weimar automobile investors, before investing Weimar have a look at the market other relatively well-known new car enterprises? Can you comment on these enterprises?

Bao Yi: Before looking at the Wilma, we looked at all the relatively well-known new car manufacturers on the market. We invest in Weima is looking for the whole team, with Shen as the head of both the international and domestic landing capabilities of the team, the whole team together to work and run-in for a long time. It's not a one-man job.

You don't build a car by throwing money at it. It's one of the most complex things in the world in terms of engineering, technology, and sales, a group of people who need both the experience of the traditional car industry and the DNA of the new intelligent age of the future.

Burning Finance: when it comes to new cars, there is always a lot of bad news about new cars made in the past year. How long do you think it will take for the new car's charging, battery life, safety, price and other pain points to be resolved? When will smart new energy vehicles become the first choice for ordinary people to buy cars?

Bao Yi: First of all, regardless of the points or criticisms, no one can stop the general direction and general trend of smart cars as the preferred means of transportation for urban people, because it has such aspects as charging, battery life, safety, price and the new life of future young people, are the best means of transportation and intelligent solutions. At present, the new energy vehicle charging is becoming more and more convenient, the city charging pile construction is rapid, the first-tier cities public charging pile use is very convenient, we have a data is, by the end of December 2019, the total number of public and private charging piles in China is close to 1.22 million, an increase of more than 50 percent year-on-year.

There are more than 500,000 public charging infrastructure, more than 4 million new energy vehicles, and the range of the batteries that support the occasional long haul vehicle is going down in price, making it economical and affordable.

In the last two years, there have been too many car companies, and too many government and public resources have been wasted. In the end, there will be only a few core companies that can really make good cars, and they will complete the revolution together with the traditional companies, together, they will drive new energy vehicles that are known for their charging, range and safety. I think the days of new energy vehicles as the first choice for consumers to buy are just around the corner. They must come sooner and faster than we thought.

Plus, it's more than just a mobility tool, it's completely intelligent, and it makes you feel like you're a friend, and it makes you feel safer and warmer when you're traveling with it, and it knows what you like, and it's a very warm companion.

Fuel Finance and Economics: The car market is currently depressed, new energy vehicles due to subsidies and other factors, also facing great market pressure. What do you think will happen to the market structure of the new car industry in 2020? What kind of business will be eliminated?

Bao Yi: Which new car manufacturing enterprises will survive? I think the team really know how to build cars, and capital is very important, who has enough capital, who will be able to survive this winter.

The new car industry will be very different in 2020. It's only a matter of time before the subsidy goes away, and that's when the king comes out, because in the commercial market, ultimately, it's the superiority of the product and the value for money that drives the customer to buy you. The elimination of subsidies will speed up the shuffle, who is really in technology and products, who is really in cost control, who can win.

Capital is not blind, we are looking for a profit as soon as possible, as soon as possible to make money, making money is the main reason for capital investment.

Burning Finance: burning money and losing money is the most criticized point in the business model of new car companies. As an investor, how do you think new car companies should build their business models? How to control the pace of burning money? How do you make money?

Bao Yi: I think this wave of new car-making enterprises, with so much capital and so much loss, has sounded an alarm for capital, which should not be invested blindly. One of the biggest problems of Chinese capital is the catch-up Wind, all the wind is bad by the capital. Ultimately, you have to go back to where you started with capital, and invest in markets, technologies, teams, and business models that make money.

It's the wolf. It's not scary

Each will have their own stage

Burning Finance: What Role Will Tesla play in the shuffle? Since last year, Tesla in the Chinese market, many people cry "Wolf" , you think Wilma and other enterprises should learn and how to compete with Tesla?

Bao Yi: The Wolf is coming. The Wolf is not a bad thing. It is just a creature existing in nature. We learn from the creative, visionary, Gunbuster spirit of Elon Musk, who was not only a businessman but also a mad inventor and dreamer, a spirit that would have a positive effect on others.

Tesla's China plant will create a pool of talent for China's new energy vehicles, which are big enough, with a current penetration rate of only 5% , to be shared by a few elite companies, and Tesla's entry has educated consumers, making them more likely to like and understand new energy vehicles. It should be the common goal of Tesla and other new energy automobile enterprises to make the new energy automobile market bigger and stronger in China and even in the world.

In addition, Tesla's Chinese factories have limited capacity in the short term, producing just 150,000 vehicles a year, and nationwide new energy vehicle production and sales reached 1.2 million in 2019, not counting the increase this year. So Tesla can only meet part of the market demand, it is difficult to squeeze into other new energy vehicles to survive space. Each has its own space, each has its own stage.

We need foreign industry leaders like Tesla, but we also need, and even more need, local companies like Veima to go global and lead the future.

Fuel Economy: from the investor's point of view, what difficulties do you think traditional car companies have to overcome in order to make a difference in new energy vehicles? Would you invest in the new car business of a traditional car company?

Bao Yi: I think if traditional car companies want to make a difference in new energy vehicles, they need to overcome the inertia that they have developed as traditional car companies for a long time. The new car-making force has its brand-new appearance. The traditional car-making enterprises have accumulated technical details over the years, and their knowledge of cars can not be copied. I believe that one or two leading companies will emerge from the new car-making force, at the same time, the entire new energy vehicle industry leaders must have many traditional car companies to lead. If we're going to invest, we have to pay attention to the differences between the new team and the old team, such as the presence of the Internet, artificial intelligence, and new people selling this kind of thinking.

Raise, raise, raise

Will Not be deterred by the outbreak

Finance and Economics: In addition to Weima, Yun Bai capital also invested to do three-yuan Lithium batteries, methanol fuel cells and other enterprises. What are the characteristics of the investment in the new energy auto race track? Do you think this track will bring good returns for investors over the next decade?

Bao Yi: I am very optimistic about the new energy auto race track. The future will definitely be a world of multiple new energy sources, not only power batteries, but also methanol fuel cells and super capacitors, we recently completed our investment in ultracapacitors, and Tesla is using ultracapacitors in new products.

Power cells have grown very rapidly over the past five years, and there are plans and programs around the world to accelerate fuel car sales bans. The industry as a whole is very Matthew effect, and the technology of power cells is bound to evolve rapidly, along with fuel cells and supercapacitors. New Energy vehicles this investment track I believe that there will be a very good return.

Fuel Finance and Economics: In 2020, Yun Bai capital most concerned about the industry which? How do you judge the trend of venture capital investment in 2020?

Bao Yi: My judgment is that the outbreak has us all in a panic. In this process, we need to make adequate preparations. There will be opportunities after the disaster. I think the future of Industry 4.0, artificial intelligence, the Internet of things, big data, cloud computing will come even faster. We have made two investments in the last two months, and we will only raise the stakes, not be temporarily intimidated by the outbreak.

Finance and Economics: Financing Difficulties, exit difficulties, good bid less, this is the current investment institutions need to face some problems, how to deal with the Cypress capital?

Bao Yi: the difficulty in raising capital is due to the low number of good targets and poor exit performance. The problems facing investment institutions now are different from those in previous years: a few years ago, capital was sufficient, and all valuations were going up. Under the current situation, i think it's no longer about pitching and trying your luck. It's about creating opportunities and creating synergy, not simply following and following.

What sets them apart from other investment firms is that from the beginning we have been creating investment opportunities, seeing good teams and good trends, and putting them together. The more the world is divided, the more it moves away, the closer we have to pull it.

* in-depth reports on the "Innovative Economic War Disease Plan" and the Salon documentary can be read on the public menu "war disease plan" .

Which new car company do you like?

You are welcome to leave your comments in the comments area. Please click on the public menu "reprinting cooperation" for original articles.

First-hand Information / Hard Core Report / daily Red Envelope / offline activities! All that's missing is you! Speed Up Wechat rancaijing02 reply "reader" one button on the car!

Which new car company do you like?

You are welcome to leave your comments in the comments area. Please click on the public menu "reprinting cooperation" for original articles.

First-hand Information / Hard Core Report / daily Red Envelope / offline activities! All that's missing is you! Speed Up Wechat rancaijing02 reply "reader" one button on the car!

I think I'm watching it

WECHAT SWEEPS UP Praise for author

####Send it to the author

People Admire

Long-press the QR code to transfer the funds to me

WECHAT's iOS version of the APP has been turned off to support public accounts through Qr code transfers due to apple's new rules.

Go to "discover"-"take a look" browse "friends watching"

Sent

####Send it to take a look

Sending

A scan of wechat
Pay attention to the account


-------------
title: Yun Bai capital Bao Yi: New Force only one or two car can survive, capital do not blindly into
source: Burning Finance
authors: _
editors: _
proofreader: _
photographer: _
translator: _
via: https://github.com/2019ncovmemory/nCovMemory
link: https://mp.weixin.qq.com/s/9QPD3-mdM0lV10y5VMXf8w
archive: http://archive.ph/1l0H2
snapshot: https://github.com/2019ncovmemory/nCovMemory/blob/master/archive/jpg/2227.jpg
lead: New Energy Automobile is a revolution of automobile industry, but also a revolution of energy, intelligence and consumption pattern.
cover: data:image/jpeg;base64,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
