##Patient, district chief, secretary: Zhang Bing's shelter for 17 days | Wuhan People 7

Micro Signal varicity

Function introduction, care about every ordinary Chinese life revolution.

This is different from our normal system of life, this is an objective tense serious, subjective relaxed and lively "Reality distortion field. ". In the shelter, beyond treatment, doctors, nurses and patients have the possibility of reorganizing their lives. People still have enough space and energy, the original social identity and behavior habits are projected into the new environment, the role expectations generated consciously or unconsciously gradually formed the role of patients with the division of Labor.

By Jiang Jingyi
Design | Fan Xiaowen

Zhang Bing, 48, traffic police, Communist Party member, and one of the first cases of mild new coronary pneumonia at Wuchang's shelter hospital.

When I was looking for interviews about the shelter, Zhang Bing, the "district chief" of one of the wards, and the Interim Party branch secretary of the Eastern District, was chosen to speak for the media on behalf of the shelter patients.

The Feb. 11 video of a shelter hospital patient singing Ode to the Motherland, which was widely circulated online, showed him holding a loudspeaker and playing music in the background. In addition, I in the news broadcast, Xinhua News Agency, Morning News World, focus interviews, Wuhan Radio and Television, people and other media reports, have also seen him.

Zhang Bing's Wuchang Shelter Hospital was one of the first three shelters in Wuhan to receive patients. Some of the scenes, such as patients and doctors and nurses singing together and dancing in the square, were seen as conveying positive energy for epidemic prevention, it all started here, too.

The shelter hospital, converted from the Wembley Arena and located within 1,000 meters of the Government of the People's Republic of China, was the first with the fewest beds in the shelter, with 800 beds. At present, the medical staff here has increased from 300 to more than 500, according to the first 50 beds a unit, each unit with 4 medical care 12 standard, is the shelter in the medical resources are very abundant.

The patients here are mostly mild cases, not so close to death in a medical sense, and the risks of working in a shelter are much lower for doctors and nurses than on the front lines. The relationship between the health care worker and the patient, and the patient, becomes more intimate in this isolated and relaxed environment.

This is different from our normal system of life, this is an objective tense serious, subjective relaxed and lively "Reality distortion field. ".

In the shelter, beyond treatment, doctors, nurses and patients have the possibility of reorganizing their lives. People still have enough space and energy, the original social identity and behavior habits are projected into the new environment, the role expectations generated consciously or unconsciously gradually formed the role of patients with the division of Labor.

Like Zhang Bing, a member of the Party and a public official, has become a somewhat authoritative opinion leader in a short period of time. His Ward also has more than a dozen such "district chiefs. ". Among the patients who actively participate in mutual aid, there are college students who have some common sense, there are those who have studied medicine and have successfully healed themselves, and there are also those like Zhang Bing who, because of their profession and identity, people who are themselves easily and actively involved in public service.

In an unfamiliar and hastily constructed environment, these people become an indispensable coordinating force for the formation of order and collective consciousness in the shelter.

In the beginning, there was a lot of pessimistic speculation about what was once likened to a "concentration camp" shelter hospital, but in the real record that followed, the scenes of patients leading doctors and nurses to dance and sing together every day convey a different picture.

During a conversation I had with a shelter volunteer, she even used words like "Datong Society" to describe the atmosphere inside the cabin.

When people gather in a closed environment for such reasons and pressures, they need to awaken forces to unite and to be safe, as if it were impossible for outsiders to understand, the emotion of "I don't want to go" is real; the cordial relationship, the excitement, the encouragement of devotion, the desire for existence are all real; Like the shelter, thanksgiving shelter, shelter protection of the collective spirit of the real operation.

These "positive energy" story, is taking place in a special atmosphere of the closed field, we start with Zhang Bing.

Zhang Bing is on the right (provided by the interviewee) 

Here's what city OurCity (WECHAT PUBLIC ID: varicity) has to say, based on interviews with Zhang Bing:

OurCity
Patient

The first time I heard about it was on New Year's Day, when the Wuhan Press started reporting on it. At first there were only a few cases a day, and then there were dozens, and between January 11th and January 16th, there were five days of no new cases, and I thought I had it under control.

Since the 18th, there have been new cases every day since then (136 new cases were confirmed on the 18th and 19th) , and it is possible that previous tests were inadequate. So it wasn't until the 23rd that people began to realize the seriousness of the situation.

Because I've been reading all these articles about NCP, so when I got sick on the 27th, it felt like it might be. At the time, I just felt that it was adding to my worries, and I wasn't too scared. After all, big data tells me that the mortality rate, while there, is not high. This matter besides tells the family and the unit leader, other people I did not say.

But on the third day after I started to have a fever, my in-laws developed a cough and chest tightness, and I felt that I couldn't simply isolate myself. We middle-aged people can withstand, 70-80-year-old people may not be able to. I contacted the community, opened the access certificate, and the mother-in-law and father-in-law three people rushed to the hospital for diagnosis.

We did our first test on February 2nd. The fever clinics at the various hospitals were indeed overcrowded, and the first few I visited were unable to do nucleic acid tests. In the early days, not every hospital can make a confirmed diagnosis, resources are relatively tight, like us younger, mild symptoms, will be put to the back, the first test will be critical, many people are in line for three or four days before the line.

I have some students and friends who are doctors, I will consult which hospital has enough resources, and then go to the People's Hospital. Although a lot of people, but basically as long as you achieve this condition can do, come to do. It took us all day to get in line for a full exam.

In less than 24 hours, the hospital called me, said I came back negative, in-laws are positive. They were old enough to be seriously ill as long as they had the disease and were later admitted to the hospital under community co-ordination. But I felt like I was running a fever, and my family had symptoms, and I suspected I might be a false negative, so I did it again on the 4th, and on the 5th, it was positive. I was diagnosed this afternoon, and the community sent me to the shelter that night.

You'd think my in-laws would be lucky to get a bed, and I'd be in a shelter, but there's a certain amount of luck involved. Before we were even diagnosed, I filed online, going to the central government's State Council website, going down to Hubei Province, Wuhan, inner districts, Street communities, whatever official information that could be registered, i practically filled it out. I called.

On the night of the fifth, my mother-in-law was told to go to another hospital. She was delayed, and when she got back, it was 1:00 in the morning, the first people in the shelter had gone, and I was the second, and three or four people from our street had gone, along with several other people from our street.

We were taken to the shelter in a bus company car, one that could seat 40 or 50 people. By the time we got to Wembley Arena, it was almost 4 a.m. , then we waited in line to check in, and when we got in, it was 6 a.m.

When we got into the Hongshan District shelter, the first impression was that the bed was very thick. Touch it and put out electric blankets for everyone. I had a fever and stayed up all night. It was raining that night. It was very cold in winter in Wuhan. You could say it was cold and hungry at that time, so the first thing I saw was, wow, it was nice and warm, and the first thing I did was take off my clothes and go to bed, and I threw everything on the floor.

By the time we got to our first meal, it was a little after nine in the morning, and the breakfast was cold. The shelter was primitive at the beginning, before the microwave oven, and I had a bad fever and appetite, but the disease had to be eaten, not eaten, no resistance. I went to look for boiled water, with boiled water to swallow the steamed bread.

After the test, I actually cleaned up in private, cleaning out my toiletries, toiletries, thermos, thinking I'd be hospitalized sooner or later, and then leaving when I was told. But I was still in a hurry. I only wore a coat, sandals, and no coat rack. Luckily, logistics caught up, or I'd only have a roll of toilet paper, and it wouldn't have taken me two or three weeks.

From the third day, the doctors and nurses straightened up a lot. Food delivery was on time every day. More than 200 people in the cabin were equipped with four microwaves. They also began to pay attention to the halal meals sent back to the people and the sugar-free meals for the diabetics. The food here is pretty good, and to be honest, I don't usually eat this much at home, but I eat like hell for my health.

Zhang Bing poses with medical staff (photo provided by interviewee)

As soon as I got in, I called my family, and my wife went to the hotel to be quarantined the day I got in. Now I take time out every day to video chat with them, at least once, to ask about my status, my recovery, my treatment. My daughter is studying abroad and has jet lag, so we don't talk so much on the phone. She uses wechat where there is a net. After a while, she will still have a video.

I also briefed my unit. The unit is quite concerned about me, the first time also went to my home condolences. After the diagnosis they thought I was most likely to be infected in the work, because I was engaged in the reception, the office is equivalent to the window.

I used to work as a traffic cop during Chinese New Year. Now every day in our group, in addition to traffic control, but also in charge of the community, do door-to-door food, admission and treatment of patients. I used to work until the 23rd, originally scheduled to leave until the 28th on duty, who knows January 27th I began to fall ill, at that time I was still very embarrassed, still wonder if my leadership believe, in case I said I was lying to him, how to say.

Back in the day, our unit was right next to the Wembley Arena. And there was a swimming pool inside the gym, and I sent my daughter here to learn how to swim. When there's a show on this side, we'll be guarding it.

One Christmas Eve, many years ago, with the snow outside, the Klӓssman concert inside the gym, and the Mall Event, we were busy on the road until two or three in the evening, very impressive. So I know this gym pretty well, and I never thought I'd be in it this long one day.

I've never touched anything like a shelter hospital before. And I thought, well, if it's a hospital, there's got to be medical staff, there's got to be treatment, and now that it's confirmed, I want to go to a hospital, and the hospitals in Wuhan are full.

The Internet said that it seemed to belong to the kind of military temporary establishment like a wartime hospital, so it could be built relatively quickly. All over the place to support, but the lack of facilities, a car with a machine, and a building with dozens of machines is still very different. Strictly speaking, the shelter hospital is more like a big viewing room. Everyone with the same medicine, the same tests, the same treatment, if there is a more critical situation, will be transferred to the corresponding hospital.

I can't say that the shelter was built too late, that nothing can be looked at with an afterthought. This thing is a step-by-step process, and people didn't realize it at first. Including Vulcan Mountain, Thor Mountain, although the looting built, it can only save critically ill patients. As the base increases, the government can not, to be honest, spend much effort, the cost is indeed very large.

I understand the government. And only a communist China can do that, with all the power of the state, which is impossible in any country, including some that we know of that have now killed more than 10,000 people, and he can not possibly use that kind of treatment.

OurCity
District chief, secretary

On the first day, when all the doctors came in, they had to answer a lot of questions, both medical and domestic, and the rounds were long and long.

Including here at the beginning, the doctors took turns to come in several waves, each time they had to gather information again, and because it was an infected area, all the doctors could only take things inside, could not take things out, and were not allowed to bring in cell phones, we can only add their private wechat to his patient's personal information.

But there are so many questions. That day, Dr. Wang of Hubei Provincial Cancer Hospital and I, as well as the young patient surnamed Hu next to me, talked about building a patient group face to face. I'm in a group with a patient, so maybe if my phone was faster, I'd be the group leader.

As I was in good health, and being a party member and a policeman, I was normally educated to serve people and felt quite normal to do such a thing, so I set up the group. Later I learned that there were six policemen in this cabin, all Party members, two men and four women.

At first, as you know, it was quite an act of God, a plague. It comes at a time when everyone is caught off guard, those means no matter how, can not catch up with its development speed. It's true that I'm not saying that I'm excusing anyone, but I don't think it's any better in any city or any place than Wuhan. If it were sent abroad, the death rate would be much higher.

Let's be honest with China. The forces of all sides are very powerful, the quality of the people is very high, and all the staff on the front line have volunteered to come. So far, I haven't heard anyone say that they came passively, this really embodies the strength of our party. Although I can not get out of here, I also want to serve for everyone, and also infect and mobilize the masses.

I've built three clusters in the shelter. The first group was this large group, which started out as a patient doctor, and then came in as a social worker, resonance, and these volunteers were all in this group for counseling. Then we have a group of Party members, all Party members get together to discuss, do a favor for the patient, do some work. The third group is a small group that serves my ward's patients. I am the ward chief of our ward.

The shelter is divided into wards, ABCDE district is like this. There are so-called sub-area management, patient mutual help, we are slowly in the work, life, health care process of spontaneous formation of the group. There's over 200 of us, maybe a dozen sheriffs. I've got 24 on my side, I'm halfway out, and then I've got a new patient, 24 more.

We're called section chiefs, some of us are called grid operators, some of us are called section chiefs. Just after we got into the cabin that day, the mayor of Wuchang District cheered us on and made a speech of encouragement on the radio.

As district chief, first of all, he's willing to serve. If he stayed in bed every day playing with his cell phone, people would not be able to push him to be the mayor. And this district chief he only has the duty to serve for everybody, has no any right. Even if someone told me to take care of someone else, I said I could only take persuasion, you have no administrative means of managing him in there.

I was one of the more active people in the cabin, and at first one or two other party members and I collected and sorted out the garbage for everyone and helped with the water fountain. Everyone felt that I had played a good leading role in this, so everyone recommended me to be the district governor.

The problem with the water was there from day one. They installed the water dispenser without water, after all, it was built in thirty-three or three hours, and the Workers Hurried to install the dispenser, and then connected the water and electricity, but he didn't take into account that people always have more water when they take in water. Some people will be easy to pour, including sometimes the cup accidentally filled to leak out, so there will be water. One is the ground is very dirty, the other is the cabin of the elderly, fell down hard to imagine.

So I took a look, at first I want to find a long pipe out, and later found that the pipe is particularly difficult to buy. So we used the discarded bucket of sterile water to fill the water, and a few of US volunteers emptied the bucket from time to time. The ground is still dirty after the water is poured out, we'll drag it again.

The daily waste we produce in the cabin is polluted and needs to be burned, but it is mainly the lunch boxes we eat every day. If there is drinking water, including morning milk, soy milk poured into it, it is not completely burning, will delay the time to clean up garbage, then we advocate dry and wet classification, probably into the cabin after the third day, the fourth day.

A few of US party members sometimes, after dinner, would stand by the garbage pail in advance to remind everyone to sort out the rubbish before packing it. Everyone's habits can be hard to break, so I use my little horn to talk to each patient.

We clean up the east end of the shelter every day. But you also know that when I came into the cabin with only one coat on, there would inevitably be some stains. After talking to the hospital, the doctor gave us 100 disposable gloves and four white coats, as a result, many of my patients, including volunteers, thought I was a doctor and asked me questions after I put on a white coat. Some of my friends still think I'm volunteering in a shelter instead of being a patient.

Zhang Bing is wearing a white lab coat to clean up the water (photo provided by interviewee) 

Now we east side garbage neat, clean come just need to load directly on the line. When we first came, it took us half an hour to clean up the rubbish. Now we are very self-conscious. It takes about ten minutes to clean it up.

Like meals, registration of patients'medical needs, distribution of household items, sometimes help the hospital docking some supplies into, I now fifteen thousand steps a day, is out of this way. I usually work only 7,000 or 8,000 steps, sometimes a little lazy, like weekends are not 4,000 or 5,000 steps.

This little trumpet has been mine since February 12th or 13th. ha ha ha. We set up a temporary party branch in the shelter on February 11th, and because of what I had done in front of us, I was elected secretary. I am a boy, the voice is more deep point, speech some people can not hear clearly, so want a trumpet.

Sometimes their doctor comes in and needs to talk to people about something, and when they call people in for tests, sometimes they use it. Most of the time it's US talking to you about the DOS and don'ts, or things that need to be registered.

I have been a party member for nearly 20 years and joined the party in September 2001. At the beginning, I didn't have the idea of setting up a temporary party branch. It had a gestation process. Later, one by one, we found that many party members were willing to come forward to serve us. There are hundreds of people in this cabin, the medical staff is a strong point from a medical point of view, the administration side will definitely be weak, then we will set up such an organization.

All of US party members wear the party emblem at ordinary times, including US and an old party member, Lao Xiao, who came down from the battlefield. In those days, he was still the second-class hero, and he was also the person who gave the most services to everyone. Now a non-party member, Xiao Li, is also enthusiastic and has written an application for joining the party in the shelter. He is the owner of a private company, opened a small printing factory, usually some of the party's policies, is also relatively cooperative.

I submitted his application to the higher authorities yesterday, at least to convey the sound of progress. I think we really conquer people by action, really, really to serve, play a role model, so he also asked to actively join this group.

When the Provisional Party branch was first set up, there were only 24 people, some of whom may have been seriously ill or otherwise trying to hide their identities. Later, seeing how much work we had done and how much prestige we had, everyone was willing to come in and voluntarily identify themselves, and now there were 36 members of the party. Outside the Party branch secretary sent us the party flag, the party emblem, and even the party's study manual.

Our shelter can be said to be the first to establish a party branch in Wuhan (the Temporary Party branch was established on February 8 at the Kong Hon International Center Convention and Exhibition Shelter Hospital, which is the earliest known) , and it is also divided into districts, is the patient friend automatic stand out to serve for everybody, oneself when the small area chief serves for everybody, then support each other.

You think hundreds of people live together in this place, eat, drink and shit are all in it, living habits of various aspects of the problem will be a lot. Through our hard work, the volunteers, the doctors, the nurses all work together, and we have a very well-organized cabin, so everyone can focus on treatment.

Now the harmonious atmosphere in our cabin, I think if Wuhan is second, no one dares to admit first, ha ha ha.

OurCity
A patient friend

If you pay a little attention, there are actually a lot of media coverage of me now. One reason is the Ode to the Motherland Video.

On February 11, when we learned that the first crew members had recovered from their injuries, it was the first time we had ever done a chorus of songs like Ode to the Motherland and Without the Communist Party, There Would Be No New China. It was to thank the Party and the government for making such a big decision, to ensure that all the sick people here free medical care, in charge of our food, drink and shit all kinds of trivial matters. And there was a doctor on rounds, and we'd like to thank the doctor.

At the beginning of the song can only choose everyone familiar, can sing, not familiar with the humming. At first due to the poor conditions, I use my phone on the small speaker, let the music louder, we sing together, and I use the phone to read the lyrics.
In the picture is Zhang Bing holding a small blue trumpet

My favorite song is "Camel Bells" for my comrades. Whether it's doctors, nurses, support staff, psychotherapy, all of the people who serve us, including all of our fellow patients, we're like comrades in arms, we're on the same side, and we fight the virus. We have the main battlefield inside us, the doctor is the main fighting force, and logistics is our support staff, so we are all comrades in arms.

A few days ago was not an online song "for whom" , they re-shot in Wuhan. I came up with this song, and I don't know who I'm doing it for, but we're all doing it for the same reason, to get better.

On February 12th and 13th, they sent over two tvs, maybe 80-inch tvs. Some People Watch TV, some people sing songs. At this time, we went through the anxiety, serious illness, belong to the convalescence of these patients, including myself, feel that it can get up and exercise.

Here we all lie in bed Three Meals a Day, eat medicine, eat fruit, drink milk, stomach sometimes very flatulent. I talked with everyone, using a small trumpet to summon, a sister in bed 136 stood up, she is usually in the park to lead people to dance folk dance, she volunteered to give us a simple dance, sixteen steps, thirty-two steps.

Now we sing songs for an hour every day at 3:30 pm, and then at 7:30 pm, we do aerobics, radio exercise, square dancing, one hour of good physical strength, physical strength can not do their own 20 minutes, 30 minutes. I get to that point every day, take a small trumpet shout, "want to sing, want to dance, " suddenly gathered together.

These two days the cabin doctor promotes the lung exercise, asks the nurse to teach us, each time starts the activity first to do the aerobics, pats own acupuncture point, all very good. The nurses sing and dance with us, and they often take pictures and take pictures with us, including videos, posted in their group, to see our patients in such a positive and sunny state.

I was involved in all the activities, and I loved to sing and dance more than a decade ago, when I was in my 30s. At this age, sometimes I feel like I'm not old enough to go dancing in the square. Now, I told my sister who taught me how to dance, to go out and learn from her.

I'm a chatterbox. I remember a lot of my patients. The two patients surnamed Ma on the 1st and 10th are Hui people, Halal food, five beds are sugar-free food, and some old comrades, because of ulcers in their mouths, later arranged noodles and porridge, so do something for everyone on this detail, and I feel good about it. After all, when I came to the shelter, I started to black out, and then I started to get these details in my head.

There was an old lady in the shelter, eighty-three, who wasn't supposed to be in the shelter, and she wasn't doing so well, but she was in. I saw that she was all worried, so I talked to her, and found that she was worried that her son, who was 60 years old, was living with her, but the old lady didn't have a phone, only the family's landline, and then she contacted the community, and the community broke into their house, found out his son wasn't home.

I tried to tell her that at this age, your son isn't going anywhere. He's in quarantine somewhere. Sure enough, two days later, we helped her contact the community, asked her son and her Hukou is not together, so went to another community was taken to a hotel quarantine. She was smiling every time she saw me, and she had a second test the day before, and if it was negative, she could probably go out today or tomorrow.

There is a surname Ma female patient friend, temperament is more urgent, every day urgent roar. As you know, the middle-aged woman had a high-pitched voice that filled the cabin. Doctors and nurses told her that the volunteers outside wanted to talk to her, but she was in her 50s and didn't want to talk and type like that on her cell phone, so there were still some problems with communication.

And then the doctor and the volunteer told me to go find her. Just on the way, she wanted to find me, because someone else recommended her to find me, and she had a good communication.

The Propaganda Committee of our Party branch made me a woman's friend. I think that's a compliment, but to be honest, I'm a little resistant. I'm just talking to my sisters. How is that a woman's friend!

Now if the cabin into the new people, we will take the loudspeaker to tell everyone about matters needing attention, and then communicate, invite everyone into the group of patients. At first a person always holding a cell phone, feeling is a person in the fight, the heart is always lost, but a call with him a dozen, with him initiative to chat a few words, he is very warm in the heart. To tell the truth, they are now telling their families that they feel very comfortable around the Party organization and are reluctant to let me go.

But when it comes to pride and honor, I have none. If you want me to talk about this high-profile, fake-big-empty thing, I still feel quite comfortable with the kind of communication we have now. People in their late 50s tend to look at this lightly, and from my point of view, when you give someone a rose, you leave something behind. I'm a person who carries the burden, and I don't feel like I'm doing a lot of things, Someone Like You. Many patients volunteered to join my wechat, is a kind of satisfaction. You do things, people approve.

When the patients go out of the cabin, I will basically take photos with them, and then put the photos in our large group of patients inside, to give everyone confidence. When we said goodbye to the members of the Party branch, we agreed that after the outbreak of the disease outside, we would still walk around and learn from each other.

On the day of the flight, Zhang Bing took a photo with a patient (picture provided by the interviewee) 

I should be able to get out of the cabin in the next few days. I've already found a new section chief, a particularly bright twenty-six something who is also willing to help others. He didn't get here until February 15th. So if we're supposed to be in there for 10-plus days, he's got Ta be behind me, and I can trust him, and he's GonNa be fine out there.

But I was wondering if I could do something for my patients later, and I wanted to make a request to the city. One is that I already have antibodies, so maybe it's easier for me to get into this infected area, and the other is for someone else to get in, and the state of mind is different, but the patient is the same. We can easily talk together, because we are the same, from the perspective of others may look, alas infected is a monster, but here is full of monsters.

The first thing I wanted to do when I got out was take a shower and get a good night's sleep. But I've been here a long time, including yesterday's shower here, and that wish has been granted. Now my first wish when I get out is to give blood.

One of my classmates died of recurrent illness. I was in a bit of a bad mood that day, too, and I adjusted by talking to other people. Now that the rest of us have antibodies, our blood can save more lives. I think if we had done this earlier, my classmate would have been saved.

In the course of the interview, Zhang Bing repeatedly because of a variety of tests and was forced to interrupt the call with me, so I also knew in advance that he was about to leave the cabin news. On February 22, he was discharged from the hospital, having spent 17 days in a shelter.
According to the regulations, the blood plasma can not be collected until at least 7 to 14 days after the patient is cured and discharged from hospital. Zhang Bing's blood donation is scheduled for Feb. 29, the seventh day after he was released from the hospital.

Posted by city
Welcome to retweet
History Review

This is different from our normal system of life, this is an objective tense serious, subjective relaxed and lively "Reality distortion field. ". In the shelter, beyond treatment, doctors, nurses and patients have the possibility of reorganizing their lives. People still have enough space and energy, the original social identity and behavior habits are projected into the new environment, the role expectations generated consciously or unconsciously gradually formed the role of patients with the division of Labor.

By Jiang Jingyi
Design | Fan Xiaowen

This is different from our normal system of life, this is an objective tense serious, subjective relaxed and lively "Reality distortion field. ". In the shelter, beyond treatment, doctors, nurses and patients have the possibility of reorganizing their lives. People still have enough space and energy, the original social identity and behavior habits are projected into the new environment, the role expectations generated consciously or unconsciously gradually formed the role of patients with the division of Labor.

By Jiang Jingyi
Design | Fan Xiaowen

By Jiang Jingyi

Design | Fan Xiaowen

Zhang Bing, 48, traffic police, Communist Party member, and one of the first cases of mild new coronary pneumonia at Wuchang's shelter hospital.

When I was looking for interviews about the shelter, Zhang Bing, the "district chief" of one of the wards, and the Interim Party branch secretary of the Eastern District, was chosen to speak for the media on behalf of the shelter patients.

The Feb. 11 video of a shelter hospital patient singing Ode to the Motherland, which was widely circulated online, showed him holding a loudspeaker and playing music in the background. In addition, I in the news broadcast, Xinhua News Agency, Morning News World, focus interviews, Wuhan Radio and Television, people and other media reports, have also seen him.

Zhang Bing's Wuchang Shelter Hospital was one of the first three shelters in Wuhan to receive patients. Some of the scenes, such as patients and doctors and nurses singing together and dancing in the square, were seen as conveying positive energy for epidemic prevention, it all started here, too.

The shelter hospital, converted from the Wembley Arena and located within 1,000 meters of the Government of the People's Republic of China, was the first with the fewest beds in the shelter, with 800 beds. At present, the medical staff here has increased from 300 to more than 500, according to the first 50 beds a unit, each unit with 4 medical care 12 standard, is the shelter in the medical resources are very abundant.

The patients here are mostly mild cases, not so close to death in a medical sense, and the risks of working in a shelter are much lower for doctors and nurses than on the front lines. The relationship between the health care worker and the patient, and the patient, becomes more intimate in this isolated and relaxed environment.

This is different from our normal system of life, this is an objective tense serious, subjective relaxed and lively "Reality distortion field. ".

In the shelter, beyond treatment, doctors, nurses and patients have the possibility of reorganizing their lives. People still have enough space and energy, the original social identity and behavior habits are projected into the new environment, the role expectations generated consciously or unconsciously gradually formed the role of patients with the division of Labor.

Like Zhang Bing, a member of the Party and a public official, has become a somewhat authoritative opinion leader in a short period of time. His Ward also has more than a dozen such "district chiefs. ". Among the patients who actively participate in mutual aid, there are college students who have some common sense, there are those who have studied medicine and have successfully healed themselves, and there are also those like Zhang Bing who, because of their profession and identity, people who are themselves easily and actively involved in public service.

In an unfamiliar and hastily constructed environment, these people become an indispensable coordinating force for the formation of order and collective consciousness in the shelter.

In the beginning, there was a lot of pessimistic speculation about what was once likened to a "concentration camp" shelter hospital, but in the real record that followed, the scenes of patients leading doctors and nurses to dance and sing together every day convey a different picture.

During a conversation I had with a shelter volunteer, she even used words like "Datong Society" to describe the atmosphere inside the cabin.

When people gather in a closed environment for such reasons and pressures, they need to awaken forces to unite and to be safe, as if it were impossible for outsiders to understand, the emotion of "I don't want to go" is real; the cordial relationship, the excitement, the encouragement of devotion, the desire for existence are all real; Like the shelter, thanksgiving shelter, shelter protection of the collective spirit of the real operation.

These "positive energy" story, is taking place in a special atmosphere of the closed field, we start with Zhang Bing.

Zhang Bing, 48, traffic police, Communist Party member, and one of the first cases of mild new coronary pneumonia at Wuchang's shelter hospital.

When I was looking for interviews about the shelter, Zhang Bing, the "district chief" of one of the wards, and the Interim Party branch secretary of the Eastern District, was chosen to speak for the media on behalf of the shelter patients.

The Feb. 11 video of a shelter hospital patient singing Ode to the Motherland, which was widely circulated online, showed him holding a loudspeaker and playing music in the background. In addition, I in the news broadcast, Xinhua News Agency, Morning News World, focus interviews, Wuhan Radio and Television, people and other media reports, have also seen him.

Zhang Bing's Wuchang Shelter Hospital was one of the first three shelters in Wuhan to receive patients. Some of the scenes, such as patients and doctors and nurses singing together and dancing in the square, were seen as conveying positive energy for epidemic prevention, it all started here, too.

The shelter hospital, converted from the Wembley Arena and located within 1,000 meters of the Government of the People's Republic of China, was the first with the fewest beds in the shelter, with 800 beds. At present, the medical staff here has increased from 300 to more than 500, according to the first 50 beds a unit, each unit with 4 medical care 12 standard, is the shelter in the medical resources are very abundant.

The patients here are mostly mild cases, not so close to death in a medical sense, and the risks of working in a shelter are much lower for doctors and nurses than on the front lines. The relationship between the health care worker and the patient, and the patient, becomes more intimate in this isolated and relaxed environment.

This is different from our normal system of life, this is an objective tense serious, subjective relaxed and lively "Reality distortion field. ".

In the shelter, beyond treatment, doctors, nurses and patients have the possibility of reorganizing their lives. People still have enough space and energy, the original social identity and behavior habits are projected into the new environment, the role expectations generated consciously or unconsciously gradually formed the role of patients with the division of Labor.

Like Zhang Bing, a member of the Party and a public official, has become a somewhat authoritative opinion leader in a short period of time. His Ward also has more than a dozen such "district chiefs. ". Among the patients who actively participate in mutual aid, there are college students who have some common sense, there are those who have studied medicine and have successfully healed themselves, and there are also those like Zhang Bing who, because of their profession and identity, people who are themselves easily and actively involved in public service.

In an unfamiliar and hastily constructed environment, these people become an indispensable coordinating force for the formation of order and collective consciousness in the shelter.

In the beginning, there was a lot of pessimistic speculation about what was once likened to a "concentration camp" shelter hospital, but in the real record that followed, the scenes of patients leading doctors and nurses to dance and sing together every day convey a different picture.

During a conversation I had with a shelter volunteer, she even used words like "Datong Society" to describe the atmosphere inside the cabin.

When people gather in a closed environment for such reasons and pressures, they need to awaken forces to unite and to be safe, as if it were impossible for outsiders to understand, the emotion of "I don't want to go" is real; the cordial relationship, the excitement, the encouragement of devotion, the desire for existence are all real; Like the shelter, thanksgiving shelter, shelter protection of the collective spirit of the real operation.

These "positive energy" story, is taking place in a special atmosphere of the closed field, we start with Zhang Bing.

Zhang Bing is on the right (provided by the interviewee) 

Here's what city OurCity (WECHAT PUBLIC ID: varicity) has to say, based on interviews with Zhang Bing:

OurCity
Patient

OurCity

Patient

The first time I heard about it was on New Year's Day, when the Wuhan Press started reporting on it. At first there were only a few cases a day, and then there were dozens, and between January 11th and January 16th, there were five days of no new cases, and I thought I had it under control.

Since the 18th, there have been new cases every day since then (136 new cases were confirmed on the 18th and 19th) , and it is possible that previous tests were inadequate. So it wasn't until the 23rd that people began to realize the seriousness of the situation.

Because I've been reading all these articles about NCP, so when I got sick on the 27th, it felt like it might be. At the time, I just felt that it was adding to my worries, and I wasn't too scared. After all, big data tells me that the mortality rate, while there, is not high. This matter besides tells the family and the unit leader, other people I did not say.

But on the third day after I started to have a fever, my in-laws developed a cough and chest tightness, and I felt that I couldn't simply isolate myself. We middle-aged people can withstand, 70-80-year-old people may not be able to. I contacted the community, opened the access certificate, and the mother-in-law and father-in-law three people rushed to the hospital for diagnosis.

We did our first test on February 2nd. The fever clinics at the various hospitals were indeed overcrowded, and the first few I visited were unable to do nucleic acid tests. In the early days, not every hospital can make a confirmed diagnosis, resources are relatively tight, like us younger, mild symptoms, will be put to the back, the first test will be critical, many people are in line for three or four days before the line.

I have some students and friends who are doctors, I will consult which hospital has enough resources, and then go to the People's Hospital. Although a lot of people, but basically as long as you achieve this condition can do, come to do. It took us all day to get in line for a full exam.

In less than 24 hours, the hospital called me, said I came back negative, in-laws are positive. They were old enough to be seriously ill as long as they had the disease and were later admitted to the hospital under community co-ordination. But I felt like I was running a fever, and my family had symptoms, and I suspected I might be a false negative, so I did it again on the 4th, and on the 5th, it was positive. I was diagnosed this afternoon, and the community sent me to the shelter that night.

You'd think my in-laws would be lucky to get a bed, and I'd be in a shelter, but there's a certain amount of luck involved. Before we were even diagnosed, I filed online, going to the central government's State Council website, going down to Hubei Province, Wuhan, inner districts, Street communities, whatever official information that could be registered, i practically filled it out. I called.

On the night of the fifth, my mother-in-law was told to go to another hospital. She was delayed, and when she got back, it was 1:00 in the morning, the first people in the shelter had gone, and I was the second, and three or four people from our street had gone, along with several other people from our street.

We were taken to the shelter in a bus company car, one that could seat 40 or 50 people. By the time we got to Wembley Arena, it was almost 4 a.m. , then we waited in line to check in, and when we got in, it was 6 a.m.

When we got into the Hongshan District shelter, the first impression was that the bed was very thick. Touch it and put out electric blankets for everyone. I had a fever and stayed up all night. It was raining that night. It was very cold in winter in Wuhan. You could say it was cold and hungry at that time, so the first thing I saw was, wow, it was nice and warm, and the first thing I did was take off my clothes and go to bed, and I threw everything on the floor.

By the time we got to our first meal, it was a little after nine in the morning, and the breakfast was cold. The shelter was primitive at the beginning, before the microwave oven, and I had a bad fever and appetite, but the disease had to be eaten, not eaten, no resistance. I went to look for boiled water, with boiled water to swallow the steamed bread.

After the test, I actually cleaned up in private, cleaning out my toiletries, toiletries, thermos, thinking I'd be hospitalized sooner or later, and then leaving when I was told. But I was still in a hurry. I only wore a coat, sandals, and no coat rack. Luckily, logistics caught up, or I'd only have a roll of toilet paper, and it wouldn't have taken me two or three weeks.

From the third day, the doctors and nurses straightened up a lot. Food delivery was on time every day. More than 200 people in the cabin were equipped with four microwaves. They also began to pay attention to the halal meals sent back to the people and the sugar-free meals for the diabetics. The food here is pretty good, and to be honest, I don't usually eat this much at home, but I eat like hell for my health.

The first time I heard about it was on New Year's Day, when the Wuhan Press started reporting on it. At first there were only a few cases a day, and then there were dozens, and between January 11th and January 16th, there were five days of no new cases, and I thought I had it under control.

Since the 18th, there have been new cases every day since then (136 new cases were confirmed on the 18th and 19th) , and it is possible that previous tests were inadequate. So it wasn't until the 23rd that people began to realize the seriousness of the situation.

Because I've been reading all these articles about NCP, so when I got sick on the 27th, it felt like it might be. At the time, I just felt that it was adding to my worries, and I wasn't too scared. After all, big data tells me that the mortality rate, while there, is not high. This matter besides tells the family and the unit leader, other people I did not say.

But on the third day after I started to have a fever, my in-laws developed a cough and chest tightness, and I felt that I couldn't simply isolate myself. We middle-aged people can withstand, 70-80-year-old people may not be able to. I contacted the community, opened the access certificate, and the mother-in-law and father-in-law three people rushed to the hospital for diagnosis.

We did our first test on February 2nd. The fever clinics at the various hospitals were indeed overcrowded, and the first few I visited were unable to do nucleic acid tests. In the early days, not every hospital can make a confirmed diagnosis, resources are relatively tight, like us younger, mild symptoms, will be put to the back, the first test will be critical, many people are in line for three or four days before the line.

I have some students and friends who are doctors, I will consult which hospital has enough resources, and then go to the People's Hospital. Although a lot of people, but basically as long as you achieve this condition can do, come to do. It took us all day to get in line for a full exam.

In less than 24 hours, the hospital called me, said I came back negative, in-laws are positive. They were old enough to be seriously ill as long as they had the disease and were later admitted to the hospital under community co-ordination. But I felt like I was running a fever, and my family had symptoms, and I suspected I might be a false negative, so I did it again on the 4th, and on the 5th, it was positive. I was diagnosed this afternoon, and the community sent me to the shelter that night.

You'd think my in-laws would be lucky to get a bed, and I'd be in a shelter, but there's a certain amount of luck involved. Before we were even diagnosed, I filed online, going to the central government's State Council website, going down to Hubei Province, Wuhan, inner districts, Street communities, whatever official information that could be registered, i practically filled it out. I called.

On the night of the fifth, my mother-in-law was told to go to another hospital. She was delayed, and when she got back, it was 1:00 in the morning, the first people in the shelter had gone, and I was the second, and three or four people from our street had gone, along with several other people from our street.

We were taken to the shelter in a bus company car, one that could seat 40 or 50 people. By the time we got to Wembley Arena, it was almost 4 a.m. , then we waited in line to check in, and when we got in, it was 6 a.m.

When we got into the Hongshan District shelter, the first impression was that the bed was very thick. Touch it and put out electric blankets for everyone. I had a fever and stayed up all night. It was raining that night. It was very cold in winter in Wuhan. You could say it was cold and hungry at that time, so the first thing I saw was, wow, it was nice and warm, and the first thing I did was take off my clothes and go to bed, and I threw everything on the floor.

By the time we got to our first meal, it was a little after nine in the morning, and the breakfast was cold. The shelter was primitive at the beginning, before the microwave oven, and I had a bad fever and appetite, but the disease had to be eaten, not eaten, no resistance. I went to look for boiled water, with boiled water to swallow the steamed bread.

After the test, I actually cleaned up in private, cleaning out my toiletries, toiletries, thermos, thinking I'd be hospitalized sooner or later, and then leaving when I was told. But I was still in a hurry. I only wore a coat, sandals, and no coat rack. Luckily, logistics caught up, or I'd only have a roll of toilet paper, and it wouldn't have taken me two or three weeks.

From the third day, the doctors and nurses straightened up a lot. Food delivery was on time every day. More than 200 people in the cabin were equipped with four microwaves. They also began to pay attention to the halal meals sent back to the people and the sugar-free meals for the diabetics. The food here is pretty good, and to be honest, I don't usually eat this much at home, but I eat like hell for my health.

Zhang Bing poses with medical staff (photo provided by interviewee)

As soon as I got in, I called my family, and my wife went to the hotel to be quarantined the day I got in. Now I take time out every day to video chat with them, at least once, to ask about my status, my recovery, my treatment. My daughter is studying abroad and has jet lag, so we don't talk so much on the phone. She uses wechat where there is a net. After a while, she will still have a video.

I also briefed my unit. The unit is quite concerned about me, the first time also went to my home condolences. After the diagnosis they thought I was most likely to be infected in the work, because I was engaged in the reception, the office is equivalent to the window.

I used to work as a traffic cop during Chinese New Year. Now every day in our group, in addition to traffic control, but also in charge of the community, do door-to-door food, admission and treatment of patients. I used to work until the 23rd, originally scheduled to leave until the 28th on duty, who knows January 27th I began to fall ill, at that time I was still very embarrassed, still wonder if my leadership believe, in case I said I was lying to him, how to say.

Back in the day, our unit was right next to the Wembley Arena. And there was a swimming pool inside the gym, and I sent my daughter here to learn how to swim. When there's a show on this side, we'll be guarding it.

One Christmas Eve, many years ago, with the snow outside, the Klӓssman concert inside the gym, and the Mall Event, we were busy on the road until two or three in the evening, very impressive. So I know this gym pretty well, and I never thought I'd be in it this long one day.

I've never touched anything like a shelter hospital before. And I thought, well, if it's a hospital, there's got to be medical staff, there's got to be treatment, and now that it's confirmed, I want to go to a hospital, and the hospitals in Wuhan are full.

The Internet said that it seemed to belong to the kind of military temporary establishment like a wartime hospital, so it could be built relatively quickly. All over the place to support, but the lack of facilities, a car with a machine, and a building with dozens of machines is still very different. Strictly speaking, the shelter hospital is more like a big viewing room. Everyone with the same medicine, the same tests, the same treatment, if there is a more critical situation, will be transferred to the corresponding hospital.

I can't say that the shelter was built too late, that nothing can be looked at with an afterthought. This thing is a step-by-step process, and people didn't realize it at first. Including Vulcan Mountain, Thor Mountain, although the looting built, it can only save critically ill patients. As the base increases, the government can not, to be honest, spend much effort, the cost is indeed very large.

I understand the government. And only a communist China can do that, with all the power of the state, which is impossible in any country, including some that we know of that have now killed more than 10,000 people, and he can not possibly use that kind of treatment.

As soon as I got in, I called my family, and my wife went to the hotel to be quarantined the day I got in. Now I take time out every day to video chat with them, at least once, to ask about my status, my recovery, my treatment. My daughter is studying abroad and has jet lag, so we don't talk so much on the phone. She uses wechat where there is a net. After a while, she will still have a video.

I also briefed my unit. The unit is quite concerned about me, the first time also went to my home condolences. After the diagnosis they thought I was most likely to be infected in the work, because I was engaged in the reception, the office is equivalent to the window.

I used to work as a traffic cop during Chinese New Year. Now every day in our group, in addition to traffic control, but also in charge of the community, do door-to-door food, admission and treatment of patients. I used to work until the 23rd, originally scheduled to leave until the 28th on duty, who knows January 27th I began to fall ill, at that time I was still very embarrassed, still wonder if my leadership believe, in case I said I was lying to him, how to say.

Back in the day, our unit was right next to the Wembley Arena. And there was a swimming pool inside the gym, and I sent my daughter here to learn how to swim. When there's a show on this side, we'll be guarding it.

One Christmas Eve, many years ago, with the snow outside, the Klӓssman concert inside the gym, and the Mall Event, we were busy on the road until two or three in the evening, very impressive. So I know this gym pretty well, and I never thought I'd be in it this long one day.

I've never touched anything like a shelter hospital before. And I thought, well, if it's a hospital, there's got to be medical staff, there's got to be treatment, and now that it's confirmed, I want to go to a hospital, and the hospitals in Wuhan are full.

The Internet said that it seemed to belong to the kind of military temporary establishment like a wartime hospital, so it could be built relatively quickly. All over the place to support, but the lack of facilities, a car with a machine, and a building with dozens of machines is still very different. Strictly speaking, the shelter hospital is more like a big viewing room. Everyone with the same medicine, the same tests, the same treatment, if there is a more critical situation, will be transferred to the corresponding hospital.

I can't say that the shelter was built too late, that nothing can be looked at with an afterthought. This thing is a step-by-step process, and people didn't realize it at first. Including Vulcan Mountain, Thor Mountain, although the looting built, it can only save critically ill patients. As the base increases, the government can not, to be honest, spend much effort, the cost is indeed very large.

I understand the government. And only a communist China can do that, with all the power of the state, which is impossible in any country, including some that we know of that have now killed more than 10,000 people, and he can not possibly use that kind of treatment.

OurCity
District chief, secretary

District chief, secretary

On the first day, when all the doctors came in, they had to answer a lot of questions, both medical and domestic, and the rounds were long and long.

Including here at the beginning, the doctors took turns to come in several waves, each time they had to gather information again, and because it was an infected area, all the doctors could only take things inside, could not take things out, and were not allowed to bring in cell phones, we can only add their private wechat to his patient's personal information.

But there are so many questions. That day, Dr. Wang of Hubei Provincial Cancer Hospital and I, as well as the young patient surnamed Hu next to me, talked about building a patient group face to face. I'm in a group with a patient, so maybe if my phone was faster, I'd be the group leader.

As I was in good health, and being a party member and a policeman, I was normally educated to serve people and felt quite normal to do such a thing, so I set up the group. Later I learned that there were six policemen in this cabin, all Party members, two men and four women.

At first, as you know, it was quite an act of God, a plague. It comes at a time when everyone is caught off guard, those means no matter how, can not catch up with its development speed. It's true that I'm not saying that I'm excusing anyone, but I don't think it's any better in any city or any place than Wuhan. If it were sent abroad, the death rate would be much higher.

Let's be honest with China. The forces of all sides are very powerful, the quality of the people is very high, and all the staff on the front line have volunteered to come. So far, I haven't heard anyone say that they came passively, this really embodies the strength of our party. Although I can not get out of here, I also want to serve for everyone, and also infect and mobilize the masses.

I've built three clusters in the shelter. The first group was this large group, which started out as a patient doctor, and then came in as a social worker, resonance, and these volunteers were all in this group for counseling. Then we have a group of Party members, all Party members get together to discuss, do a favor for the patient, do some work. The third group is a small group that serves my ward's patients. I am the ward chief of our ward.

The shelter is divided into wards, ABCDE district is like this. There are so-called sub-area management, patient mutual help, we are slowly in the work, life, health care process of spontaneous formation of the group. There's over 200 of us, maybe a dozen sheriffs. I've got 24 on my side, I'm halfway out, and then I've got a new patient, 24 more.

We're called section chiefs, some of us are called grid operators, some of us are called section chiefs. Just after we got into the cabin that day, the mayor of Wuchang District cheered us on and made a speech of encouragement on the radio.

As district chief, first of all, he's willing to serve. If he stayed in bed every day playing with his cell phone, people would not be able to push him to be the mayor. And this district chief he only has the duty to serve for everybody, has no any right. Even if someone told me to take care of someone else, I said I could only take persuasion, you have no administrative means of managing him in there.

I was one of the more active people in the cabin, and at first one or two other party members and I collected and sorted out the garbage for everyone and helped with the water fountain. Everyone felt that I had played a good leading role in this, so everyone recommended me to be the district governor.

The problem with the water was there from day one. They installed the water dispenser without water, after all, it was built in thirty-three or three hours, and the Workers Hurried to install the dispenser, and then connected the water and electricity, but he didn't take into account that people always have more water when they take in water. Some people will be easy to pour, including sometimes the cup accidentally filled to leak out, so there will be water. One is the ground is very dirty, the other is the cabin of the elderly, fell down hard to imagine.

So I took a look, at first I want to find a long pipe out, and later found that the pipe is particularly difficult to buy. So we used the discarded bucket of sterile water to fill the water, and a few of US volunteers emptied the bucket from time to time. The ground is still dirty after the water is poured out, we'll drag it again.

The daily waste we produce in the cabin is polluted and needs to be burned, but it is mainly the lunch boxes we eat every day. If there is drinking water, including morning milk, soy milk poured into it, it is not completely burning, will delay the time to clean up garbage, then we advocate dry and wet classification, probably into the cabin after the third day, the fourth day.

A few of US party members sometimes, after dinner, would stand by the garbage pail in advance to remind everyone to sort out the rubbish before packing it. Everyone's habits can be hard to break, so I use my little horn to talk to each patient.

We clean up the east end of the shelter every day. But you also know that when I came into the cabin with only one coat on, there would inevitably be some stains. After talking to the hospital, the doctor gave us 100 disposable gloves and four white coats, as a result, many of my patients, including volunteers, thought I was a doctor and asked me questions after I put on a white coat. Some of my friends still think I'm volunteering in a shelter instead of being a patient.

On the first day, when all the doctors came in, they had to answer a lot of questions, both medical and domestic, and the rounds were long and long.

Including here at the beginning, the doctors took turns to come in several waves, each time they had to gather information again, and because it was an infected area, all the doctors could only take things inside, could not take things out, and were not allowed to bring in cell phones, we can only add their private wechat to his patient's personal information.

But there are so many questions. That day, Dr. Wang of Hubei Provincial Cancer Hospital and I, as well as the young patient surnamed Hu next to me, talked about building a patient group face to face. I'm in a group with a patient, so maybe if my phone was faster, I'd be the group leader.

As I was in good health, and being a party member and a policeman, I was normally educated to serve people and felt quite normal to do such a thing, so I set up the group. Later I learned that there were six policemen in this cabin, all Party members, two men and four women.

At first, as you know, it was quite an act of God, a plague. It comes at a time when everyone is caught off guard, those means no matter how, can not catch up with its development speed. It's true that I'm not saying that I'm excusing anyone, but I don't think it's any better in any city or any place than Wuhan. If it were sent abroad, the death rate would be much higher.

Let's be honest with China. The forces of all sides are very powerful, the quality of the people is very high, and all the staff on the front line have volunteered to come. So far, I haven't heard anyone say that they came passively, this really embodies the strength of our party. Although I can not get out of here, I also want to serve for everyone, and also infect and mobilize the masses.

I've built three clusters in the shelter. The first group was this large group, which started out as a patient doctor, and then came in as a social worker, resonance, and these volunteers were all in this group for counseling. Then we have a group of Party members, all Party members get together to discuss, do a favor for the patient, do some work. The third group is a small group that serves my ward's patients. I am the ward chief of our ward.

The shelter is divided into wards, ABCDE district is like this. There are so-called sub-area management, patient mutual help, we are slowly in the work, life, health care process of spontaneous formation of the group. There's over 200 of us, maybe a dozen sheriffs. I've got 24 on my side, I'm halfway out, and then I've got a new patient, 24 more.

We're called section chiefs, some of us are called grid operators, some of us are called section chiefs. Just after we got into the cabin that day, the mayor of Wuchang District cheered us on and made a speech of encouragement on the radio.

As district chief, first of all, he's willing to serve. If he stayed in bed every day playing with his cell phone, people would not be able to push him to be the mayor. And this district chief he only has the duty to serve for everybody, has no any right. Even if someone told me to take care of someone else, I said I could only take persuasion, you have no administrative means of managing him in there.

I was one of the more active people in the cabin, and at first one or two other party members and I collected and sorted out the garbage for everyone and helped with the water fountain. Everyone felt that I had played a good leading role in this, so everyone recommended me to be the district governor.

The problem with the water was there from day one. They installed the water dispenser without water, after all, it was built in thirty-three or three hours, and the Workers Hurried to install the dispenser, and then connected the water and electricity, but he didn't take into account that people always have more water when they take in water. Some people will be easy to pour, including sometimes the cup accidentally filled to leak out, so there will be water. One is the ground is very dirty, the other is the cabin of the elderly, fell down hard to imagine.

So I took a look, at first I want to find a long pipe out, and later found that the pipe is particularly difficult to buy. So we used the discarded bucket of sterile water to fill the water, and a few of US volunteers emptied the bucket from time to time. The ground is still dirty after the water is poured out, we'll drag it again.

The daily waste we produce in the cabin is polluted and needs to be burned, but it is mainly the lunch boxes we eat every day. If there is drinking water, including morning milk, soy milk poured into it, it is not completely burning, will delay the time to clean up garbage, then we advocate dry and wet classification, probably into the cabin after the third day, the fourth day.

A few of US party members sometimes, after dinner, would stand by the garbage pail in advance to remind everyone to sort out the rubbish before packing it. Everyone's habits can be hard to break, so I use my little horn to talk to each patient.

We clean up the east end of the shelter every day. But you also know that when I came into the cabin with only one coat on, there would inevitably be some stains. After talking to the hospital, the doctor gave us 100 disposable gloves and four white coats, as a result, many of my patients, including volunteers, thought I was a doctor and asked me questions after I put on a white coat. Some of my friends still think I'm volunteering in a shelter instead of being a patient.

Zhang Bing is wearing a white lab coat to clean up the water (photo provided by interviewee) 

Now we east side garbage neat, clean come just need to load directly on the line. When we first came, it took us half an hour to clean up the rubbish. Now we are very self-conscious. It takes about ten minutes to clean it up.

Like meals, registration of patients'medical needs, distribution of household items, sometimes help the hospital docking some supplies into, I now fifteen thousand steps a day, is out of this way. I usually work only 7,000 or 8,000 steps, sometimes a little lazy, like weekends are not 4,000 or 5,000 steps.

This little trumpet has been mine since February 12th or 13th. ha ha ha. We set up a temporary party branch in the shelter on February 11th, and because of what I had done in front of us, I was elected secretary. I am a boy, the voice is more deep point, speech some people can not hear clearly, so want a trumpet.

Sometimes their doctor comes in and needs to talk to people about something, and when they call people in for tests, sometimes they use it. Most of the time it's US talking to you about the DOS and don'ts, or things that need to be registered.

I have been a party member for nearly 20 years and joined the party in September 2001. At the beginning, I didn't have the idea of setting up a temporary party branch. It had a gestation process. Later, one by one, we found that many party members were willing to come forward to serve us. There are hundreds of people in this cabin, the medical staff is a strong point from a medical point of view, the administration side will definitely be weak, then we will set up such an organization.

All of US party members wear the party emblem at ordinary times, including US and an old party member, Lao Xiao, who came down from the battlefield. In those days, he was still the second-class hero, and he was also the person who gave the most services to everyone. Now a non-party member, Xiao Li, is also enthusiastic and has written an application for joining the party in the shelter. He is the owner of a private company, opened a small printing factory, usually some of the party's policies, is also relatively cooperative.

I submitted his application to the higher authorities yesterday, at least to convey the sound of progress. I think we really conquer people by action, really, really to serve, play a role model, so he also asked to actively join this group.

When the Provisional Party branch was first set up, there were only 24 people, some of whom may have been seriously ill or otherwise trying to hide their identities. Later, seeing how much work we had done and how much prestige we had, everyone was willing to come in and voluntarily identify themselves, and now there were 36 members of the party. Outside the Party branch secretary sent us the party flag, the party emblem, and even the party's study manual.

Our shelter can be said to be the first to establish a party branch in Wuhan (the Temporary Party branch was established on February 8 at the Kong Hon International Center Convention and Exhibition Shelter Hospital, which is the earliest known) , and it is also divided into districts, is the patient friend automatic stand out to serve for everybody, oneself when the small area chief serves for everybody, then support each other.

You think hundreds of people live together in this place, eat, drink and shit are all in it, living habits of various aspects of the problem will be a lot. Through our hard work, the volunteers, the doctors, the nurses all work together, and we have a very well-organized cabin, so everyone can focus on treatment.

Now the harmonious atmosphere in our cabin, I think if Wuhan is second, no one dares to admit first, ha ha ha.

Now we east side garbage neat, clean come just need to load directly on the line. When we first came, it took us half an hour to clean up the rubbish. Now we are very self-conscious. It takes about ten minutes to clean it up.

Like meals, registration of patients'medical needs, distribution of household items, sometimes help the hospital docking some supplies into, I now fifteen thousand steps a day, is out of this way. I usually work only 7,000 or 8,000 steps, sometimes a little lazy, like weekends are not 4,000 or 5,000 steps.

This little trumpet has been mine since February 12th or 13th. ha ha ha. We set up a temporary party branch in the shelter on February 11th, and because of what I had done in front of us, I was elected secretary. I am a boy, the voice is more deep point, speech some people can not hear clearly, so want a trumpet.

Sometimes their doctor comes in and needs to talk to people about something, and when they call people in for tests, sometimes they use it. Most of the time it's US talking to you about the DOS and don'ts, or things that need to be registered.

I have been a party member for nearly 20 years and joined the party in September 2001. At the beginning, I didn't have the idea of setting up a temporary party branch. It had a gestation process. Later, one by one, we found that many party members were willing to come forward to serve us. There are hundreds of people in this cabin, the medical staff is a strong point from a medical point of view, the administration side will definitely be weak, then we will set up such an organization.

All of US party members wear the party emblem at ordinary times, including US and an old party member, Lao Xiao, who came down from the battlefield. In those days, he was still the second-class hero, and he was also the person who gave the most services to everyone. Now a non-party member, Xiao Li, is also enthusiastic and has written an application for joining the party in the shelter. He is the owner of a private company, opened a small printing factory, usually some of the party's policies, is also relatively cooperative.

I submitted his application to the higher authorities yesterday, at least to convey the sound of progress. I think we really conquer people by action, really, really to serve, play a role model, so he also asked to actively join this group.

When the Provisional Party branch was first set up, there were only 24 people, some of whom may have been seriously ill or otherwise trying to hide their identities. Later, seeing how much work we had done and how much prestige we had, everyone was willing to come in and voluntarily identify themselves, and now there were 36 members of the party. Outside the Party branch secretary sent us the party flag, the party emblem, and even the party's study manual.

Our shelter can be said to be the first to establish a party branch in Wuhan (the Temporary Party branch was established on February 8 at the Kong Hon International Center Convention and Exhibition Shelter Hospital, which is the earliest known) , and it is also divided into districts, is the patient friend automatic stand out to serve for everybody, oneself when the small area chief serves for everybody, then support each other.

You think hundreds of people live together in this place, eat, drink and shit are all in it, living habits of various aspects of the problem will be a lot. Through our hard work, the volunteers, the doctors, the nurses all work together, and we have a very well-organized cabin, so everyone can focus on treatment.

Now the harmonious atmosphere in our cabin, I think if Wuhan is second, no one dares to admit first, ha ha ha.

OurCity
A patient friend

A patient friend

If you pay a little attention, there are actually a lot of media coverage of me now. One reason is the Ode to the Motherland Video.

On February 11, when we learned that the first crew members had recovered from their injuries, it was the first time we had ever done a chorus of songs like Ode to the Motherland and Without the Communist Party, There Would Be No New China. It was to thank the Party and the government for making such a big decision, to ensure that all the sick people here free medical care, in charge of our food, drink and shit all kinds of trivial matters. And there was a doctor on rounds, and we'd like to thank the doctor.

At the beginning of the song can only choose everyone familiar, can sing, not familiar with the humming. At first due to the poor conditions, I use my phone on the small speaker, let the music louder, we sing together, and I use the phone to read the lyrics.

If you pay a little attention, there are actually a lot of media coverage of me now. One reason is the Ode to the Motherland Video.

On February 11, when we learned that the first crew members had recovered from their injuries, it was the first time we had ever done a chorus of songs like Ode to the Motherland and Without the Communist Party, There Would Be No New China. It was to thank the Party and the government for making such a big decision, to ensure that all the sick people here free medical care, in charge of our food, drink and shit all kinds of trivial matters. And there was a doctor on rounds, and we'd like to thank the doctor.

At the beginning of the song can only choose everyone familiar, can sing, not familiar with the humming. At first due to the poor conditions, I use my phone on the small speaker, let the music louder, we sing together, and I use the phone to read the lyrics.

In the picture is Zhang Bing holding a small blue trumpet

My favorite song is "Camel Bells" for my comrades. Whether it's doctors, nurses, support staff, psychotherapy, all of the people who serve us, including all of our fellow patients, we're like comrades in arms, we're on the same side, and we fight the virus. We have the main battlefield inside us, the doctor is the main fighting force, and logistics is our support staff, so we are all comrades in arms.

A few days ago was not an online song "for whom" , they re-shot in Wuhan. I came up with this song, and I don't know who I'm doing it for, but we're all doing it for the same reason, to get better.

On February 12th and 13th, they sent over two tvs, maybe 80-inch tvs. Some People Watch TV, some people sing songs. At this time, we went through the anxiety, serious illness, belong to the convalescence of these patients, including myself, feel that it can get up and exercise.

Here we all lie in bed Three Meals a Day, eat medicine, eat fruit, drink milk, stomach sometimes very flatulent. I talked with everyone, using a small trumpet to summon, a sister in bed 136 stood up, she is usually in the park to lead people to dance folk dance, she volunteered to give us a simple dance, sixteen steps, thirty-two steps.

Now we sing songs for an hour every day at 3:30 pm, and then at 7:30 pm, we do aerobics, radio exercise, square dancing, one hour of good physical strength, physical strength can not do their own 20 minutes, 30 minutes. I get to that point every day, take a small trumpet shout, "want to sing, want to dance, " suddenly gathered together.

These two days the cabin doctor promotes the lung exercise, asks the nurse to teach us, each time starts the activity first to do the aerobics, pats own acupuncture point, all very good. The nurses sing and dance with us, and they often take pictures and take pictures with us, including videos, posted in their group, to see our patients in such a positive and sunny state.

I was involved in all the activities, and I loved to sing and dance more than a decade ago, when I was in my 30s. At this age, sometimes I feel like I'm not old enough to go dancing in the square. Now, I told my sister who taught me how to dance, to go out and learn from her.

I'm a chatterbox. I remember a lot of my patients. The two patients surnamed Ma on the 1st and 10th are Hui people, Halal food, five beds are sugar-free food, and some old comrades, because of ulcers in their mouths, later arranged noodles and porridge, so do something for everyone on this detail, and I feel good about it. After all, when I came to the shelter, I started to black out, and then I started to get these details in my head.

There was an old lady in the shelter, eighty-three, who wasn't supposed to be in the shelter, and she wasn't doing so well, but she was in. I saw that she was all worried, so I talked to her, and found that she was worried that her son, who was 60 years old, was living with her, but the old lady didn't have a phone, only the family's landline, and then she contacted the community, and the community broke into their house, found out his son wasn't home.

I tried to tell her that at this age, your son isn't going anywhere. He's in quarantine somewhere. Sure enough, two days later, we helped her contact the community, asked her son and her Hukou is not together, so went to another community was taken to a hotel quarantine. She was smiling every time she saw me, and she had a second test the day before, and if it was negative, she could probably go out today or tomorrow.

There is a surname Ma female patient friend, temperament is more urgent, every day urgent roar. As you know, the middle-aged woman had a high-pitched voice that filled the cabin. Doctors and nurses told her that the volunteers outside wanted to talk to her, but she was in her 50s and didn't want to talk and type like that on her cell phone, so there were still some problems with communication.

And then the doctor and the volunteer told me to go find her. Just on the way, she wanted to find me, because someone else recommended her to find me, and she had a good communication.

The Propaganda Committee of our Party branch made me a woman's friend. I think that's a compliment, but to be honest, I'm a little resistant. I'm just talking to my sisters. How is that a woman's friend!

Now if the cabin into the new people, we will take the loudspeaker to tell everyone about matters needing attention, and then communicate, invite everyone into the group of patients. At first a person always holding a cell phone, feeling is a person in the fight, the heart is always lost, but a call with him a dozen, with him initiative to chat a few words, he is very warm in the heart. To tell the truth, they are now telling their families that they feel very comfortable around the Party organization and are reluctant to let me go.

But when it comes to pride and honor, I have none. If you want me to talk about this high-profile, fake-big-empty thing, I still feel quite comfortable with the kind of communication we have now. People in their late 50s tend to look at this lightly, and from my point of view, when you give someone a rose, you leave something behind. I'm a person who carries the burden, and I don't feel like I'm doing a lot of things, Someone Like You. Many patients volunteered to join my wechat, is a kind of satisfaction. You do things, people approve.

When the patients go out of the cabin, I will basically take photos with them, and then put the photos in our large group of patients inside, to give everyone confidence. When we said goodbye to the members of the Party branch, we agreed that after the outbreak of the disease outside, we would still walk around and learn from each other.

My favorite song is "Camel Bells" for my comrades. Whether it's doctors, nurses, support staff, psychotherapy, all of the people who serve us, including all of our fellow patients, we're like comrades in arms, we're on the same side, and we fight the virus. We have the main battlefield inside us, the doctor is the main fighting force, and logistics is our support staff, so we are all comrades in arms.

A few days ago was not an online song "for whom" , they re-shot in Wuhan. I came up with this song, and I don't know who I'm doing it for, but we're all doing it for the same reason, to get better.

On February 12th and 13th, they sent over two tvs, maybe 80-inch tvs. Some People Watch TV, some people sing songs. At this time, we went through the anxiety, serious illness, belong to the convalescence of these patients, including myself, feel that it can get up and exercise.

Here we all lie in bed Three Meals a Day, eat medicine, eat fruit, drink milk, stomach sometimes very flatulent. I talked with everyone, using a small trumpet to summon, a sister in bed 136 stood up, she is usually in the park to lead people to dance folk dance, she volunteered to give us a simple dance, sixteen steps, thirty-two steps.

Now we sing songs for an hour every day at 3:30 pm, and then at 7:30 pm, we do aerobics, radio exercise, square dancing, one hour of good physical strength, physical strength can not do their own 20 minutes, 30 minutes. I get to that point every day, take a small trumpet shout, "want to sing, want to dance, " suddenly gathered together.

These two days the cabin doctor promotes the lung exercise, asks the nurse to teach us, each time starts the activity first to do the aerobics, pats own acupuncture point, all very good. The nurses sing and dance with us, and they often take pictures and take pictures with us, including videos, posted in their group, to see our patients in such a positive and sunny state.

I was involved in all the activities, and I loved to sing and dance more than a decade ago, when I was in my 30s. At this age, sometimes I feel like I'm not old enough to go dancing in the square. Now, I told my sister who taught me how to dance, to go out and learn from her.

I'm a chatterbox. I remember a lot of my patients. The two patients surnamed Ma on the 1st and 10th are Hui people, Halal food, five beds are sugar-free food, and some old comrades, because of ulcers in their mouths, later arranged noodles and porridge, so do something for everyone on this detail, and I feel good about it. After all, when I came to the shelter, I started to black out, and then I started to get these details in my head.

There was an old lady in the shelter, eighty-three, who wasn't supposed to be in the shelter, and she wasn't doing so well, but she was in. I saw that she was all worried, so I talked to her, and found that she was worried that her son, who was 60 years old, was living with her, but the old lady didn't have a phone, only the family's landline, and then she contacted the community, and the community broke into their house, found out his son wasn't home.

I tried to tell her that at this age, your son isn't going anywhere. He's in quarantine somewhere. Sure enough, two days later, we helped her contact the community, asked her son and her Hukou is not together, so went to another community was taken to a hotel quarantine. She was smiling every time she saw me, and she had a second test the day before, and if it was negative, she could probably go out today or tomorrow.

There is a surname Ma female patient friend, temperament is more urgent, every day urgent roar. As you know, the middle-aged woman had a high-pitched voice that filled the cabin. Doctors and nurses told her that the volunteers outside wanted to talk to her, but she was in her 50s and didn't want to talk and type like that on her cell phone, so there were still some problems with communication.

And then the doctor and the volunteer told me to go find her. Just on the way, she wanted to find me, because someone else recommended her to find me, and she had a good communication.

The Propaganda Committee of our Party branch made me a woman's friend. I think that's a compliment, but to be honest, I'm a little resistant. I'm just talking to my sisters. How is that a woman's friend!

Now if the cabin into the new people, we will take the loudspeaker to tell everyone about matters needing attention, and then communicate, invite everyone into the group of patients. At first a person always holding a cell phone, feeling is a person in the fight, the heart is always lost, but a call with him a dozen, with him initiative to chat a few words, he is very warm in the heart. To tell the truth, they are now telling their families that they feel very comfortable around the Party organization and are reluctant to let me go.

But when it comes to pride and honor, I have none. If you want me to talk about this high-profile, fake-big-empty thing, I still feel quite comfortable with the kind of communication we have now. People in their late 50s tend to look at this lightly, and from my point of view, when you give someone a rose, you leave something behind. I'm a person who carries the burden, and I don't feel like I'm doing a lot of things, Someone Like You. Many patients volunteered to join my wechat, is a kind of satisfaction. You do things, people approve.

When the patients go out of the cabin, I will basically take photos with them, and then put the photos in our large group of patients inside, to give everyone confidence. When we said goodbye to the members of the Party branch, we agreed that after the outbreak of the disease outside, we would still walk around and learn from each other.

On the day of the flight, Zhang Bing took a photo with a patient (picture provided by the interviewee) 

I should be able to get out of the cabin in the next few days. I've already found a new section chief, a particularly bright twenty-six something who is also willing to help others. He didn't get here until February 15th. So if we're supposed to be in there for 10-plus days, he's got Ta be behind me, and I can trust him, and he's GonNa be fine out there.

But I was wondering if I could do something for my patients later, and I wanted to make a request to the city. One is that I already have antibodies, so maybe it's easier for me to get into this infected area, and the other is for someone else to get in, and the state of mind is different, but the patient is the same. We can easily talk together, because we are the same, from the perspective of others may look, alas infected is a monster, but here is full of monsters.

The first thing I wanted to do when I got out was take a shower and get a good night's sleep. But I've been here a long time, including yesterday's shower here, and that wish has been granted. Now my first wish when I get out is to give blood.

One of my classmates died of recurrent illness. I was in a bit of a bad mood that day, too, and I adjusted by talking to other people. Now that the rest of us have antibodies, our blood can save more lives. I think if we had done this earlier, my classmate would have been saved.

In the course of the interview, Zhang Bing repeatedly because of a variety of tests and was forced to interrupt the call with me, so I also knew in advance that he was about to leave the cabin news. On February 22, he was discharged from the hospital, having spent 17 days in a shelter.
According to the regulations, the blood plasma can not be collected until at least 7 to 14 days after the patient is cured and discharged from hospital. Zhang Bing's blood donation is scheduled for Feb. 29, the seventh day after he was released from the hospital.

I should be able to get out of the cabin in the next few days. I've already found a new section chief, a particularly bright twenty-six something who is also willing to help others. He didn't get here until February 15th. So if we're supposed to be in there for 10-plus days, he's got Ta be behind me, and I can trust him, and he's GonNa be fine out there.

But I was wondering if I could do something for my patients later, and I wanted to make a request to the city. One is that I already have antibodies, so maybe it's easier for me to get into this infected area, and the other is for someone else to get in, and the state of mind is different, but the patient is the same. We can easily talk together, because we are the same, from the perspective of others may look, alas infected is a monster, but here is full of monsters.

The first thing I wanted to do when I got out was take a shower and get a good night's sleep. But I've been here a long time, including yesterday's shower here, and that wish has been granted. Now my first wish when I get out is to give blood.

One of my classmates died of recurrent illness. I was in a bit of a bad mood that day, too, and I adjusted by talking to other people. Now that the rest of us have antibodies, our blood can save more lives. I think if we had done this earlier, my classmate would have been saved.

In the course of the interview, Zhang Bing repeatedly because of a variety of tests and was forced to interrupt the call with me, so I also knew in advance that he was about to leave the cabin news. On February 22, he was discharged from the hospital, having spent 17 days in a shelter.

According to the regulations, the blood plasma can not be collected until at least 7 to 14 days after the patient is cured and discharged from hospital. Zhang Bing's blood donation is scheduled for Feb. 29, the seventh day after he was released from the hospital.

Posted by city
Welcome to retweet

Posted by city

Welcome to retweet

History Review

Go to "discover"-"take a look" browse "friends watching"

Sent

####Send it to take a look

Sending

A scan of wechat
Pay attention to the account


-------------
title: Patient, district chief, secretary: Zhang Bing's shelter for 17 days | Wuhan People 7
source: xiao-fei-xin-sheng-/-san-sheng
authors: _
editors: _
proofreader: _
photographer: _
translator: _
via: https://github.com/2019ncovmemory/nCovMemory
link: https://mp.weixin.qq.com/s/NAmukLBKGS_6DPrrMayMvA
archive: http://archive.today/AlSio
snapshot: https://github.com/2019ncovmemory/nCovMemory/blob/master/archive/jpg/2293.jpg
lead: The collectivism in the enclosed space, the revelry in the eye of the storm.
cover: data:image/jpeg;base64,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
