##Selling houses on the Internet, gimmicks?

Micro-signal, Rancaijing

A feature presentation, a daily in depth report, redefines the innovation economy.

The war and epidemic plan for Innovative Economy, a special column launched by Finance and Economics during the new type of pneumonia epidemic, focuses on the new difficulties encountered by enterprises of Innovative Economy and discusses the new countermeasures that should be adopted, hope to help small and medium-sized enterprises together to overcome challenges and seize opportunities.

By Tang Yahua

Editor | Wei Jia

Under the epidemic, most people do not leave their homes, highly dependent on the line of the real estate industry into the freezing point.

In order to save cash flow, the major real estate enterprises and real estate intermediary platform began online self-help. Nearly a month, Evergrande 75% off purchases, 143 housing enterprises test water "cloud house" , VR sales online... online subscription, VR house, live broadcast house to become a new trend.

These methods allow users to see a better experience, more efficient, but industry insiders generally believe that these acts of real estate enterprises focus on marketing, is in the market pessimism when the initiative, the real sales effect is far less than expected, as for the real estate intermediary platform, VR viewing, live sale of the form already exists, but the impact of the epidemic is more widely used.

A number of respondents believe that after the outbreak, Vr, live broadcast and other means will become the standard real estate industry, but real estate as a large transaction, involving more links, buyers are very cautious, online can not replace the real estate below the line.

In the future, to really let buyers accept online model, enterprises to provide more comprehensive housing information, the introduction of unconditional refund mechanism, through technology to achieve a higher sense of experience, or ultimately test the service ability of enterprises.

There's been a surge in demand for VR showrooms

Housing enterprises cluster online for sale

"The community is 530 meters away from Huilongguan Pingxifu station. What we are selling now are these two buildings. The House is 86 square meters with two bedrooms and one hall. This is the real scene, the huxing map and the information of the housing resources. Next, let's have a look at the layout of the rooms... "

Click on the VR sales department on the shell room, select the source into the VR voice tape to see, more than 10 seconds later, the broker into the voice connection, real-time answer about the school district, traffic, property and other questions.

Under the epidemic, what was happening offline was moving online. In the first two weeks after the Lunar New Year holiday, VR viewing climbed at a higher rate, totaling more than 3 million viewing sessions, a nine-fold increase from the previous two weeks, according to the Shell Institute.

Han Bing, who is planning to buy a house, has been using VR to look at houses recently. In the past, she has noticed this feature on some housing platforms, but has never clicked on it. Recent attempts down, the overall experience is good, relatively speaking, the new house model room looks smaller, second-hand room can not show details.

"I only have a rough range and a down payment budget, and I have a very wide range of options, up to 10 properties a day online a year ago. "You can't go out in an epidemic, and online house-sitting is an early way to cast a wide net to screen houses, " she said.

Despite the convenience, Han thinks it's impossible to buy a house completely online at this stage. She plans to look at more than 100 houses before making a decision. Vr House hunting is just her way of doing her homework, the final decision and closing will be made offline. "when the outbreak is over, I will pick some of the more satisfactory residential areas to see the environment and the quality of the House on the ground. "

Vr viewing process screenshot / photo provided by the interviewee

As demand for VR showrooms surges, brokers are starting to change the way they work.

Fan Real Estate Franchisee, registered real estate agent, registered real estate appraiser Wang Hailing told Caijing, before the company also often to focus on online business opportunities, but she and colleagues did not really pay attention to up. "until this outbreak kept everyone at home, recently we've all been learning how to take a tour of the House online and talk about customs clearance. There are a dozen clients a day these days, and the epidemic has accelerated the Internet trend in the real estate brokerage industry,"she said.

In fact, online house hunting is not new. Once "Love House" , through non-shop to reduce costs, stay at home video house to improve efficiency, reduce costs and commission to consumers, but still failed.

"Fangtianxia, Shell, such as the VR House has long existed, the original is just as online drainage, or finally offline with a look and sold. After the outbreak of the disease, these enterprises, which had been fully prepared before, can be launched quickly, such as Evergrande Hengfangtong, Country Garden Fenghuangtong, Shell house-hunting and so on."Wang Hailing's analysis, online viewing lacks the feel of being there, but VR viewing shows its usefulness in the face of an epidemic, turning the marginal status it once had into the main character.

At the same time, the online marketing of housing enterprises has also exploded. Currently, 151 housing companies have started online marketing, and 143 have restarted or newly launched online sales offices, according to Krei data.

Evergrande offered a 7.5% discount, vanke's online house-viewing platform "e" launched the "hand-held House selection special" "online subscription offset payment" activity, country Garden launched the "ten billion welfare to give ten million city million coupon coupon" special offer, poly real estate, China Jin Mao, Greenfield Holdings, Sunshine City, 107 companies, including have also launched their own platform online sales office.

According to the latest data from 58 Tongcheng and Anju residents, its jointly operated VR / 3d real estate viewing product "temporary feeling VR house viewing" currently covers 187 cities, 6,430 buildings and 10,835 apartment types.

Such a way in the view of the industry, the marketing significance of the current stage is greater than the actual.

Meikelon AIJIA President Feng Quanlin said that now each family is more in the brush existence feeling, is equal to does the advertisement marketing and the brand to reveal, to sell the real estate also has the very long way to go, even if has 999 yuan lock room, 7.5% discount discount, more of a voice, harvesting a group of users, access to user information. But during the epidemic this is necessary, to do is better than not to do, the significance of housing enterprises to do this is to give external confidence, is a boost to the market.

Realtors'live-streaming of home sales is a new direction

Under the epidemic can not go out, live broadcast has also become another way to sell housing.

Zhang Yuan, a real estate agent, recently did more than a dozen live shows, each lasting one to two hours. He told Caijing, each live broadcast can absorb 5-6 users, a total of more than 50 buyers and sellers. If you put it through a port like Anju, you will need to spend at least 10,000 yuan to get a similar amount of customer consultation, and the transaction conversion will be even lower.

Data show that in recent weeks, 60 housing enterprises through the housing world live broadcast transactions, covering 48 cities across the country, a total of more than 500 transactions, of which poly to 76 transactions became the biggest winner, SUNAC, Vanke, country garden and other close behind.

Feng Quanlin believes that live broadcast is a very good supplement to the real estate brokerage industry, more targeted at individuals in enterprises, such as real estate agents. In his view, the individual has a natural demand for Internet celebrities, in the Internet economy, private sector traffic in the post-internet era, live broadcast in the real estate sector will be an important supplement.

"In the past, live streaming was more of a carry-on for consumer goods, but it was also effective for selling real estate, because it gave more detailed and interactive information about real estate. Although live broadcast from the sale of real estate is still very far away, but if the enterprise positioning it as a house before the sale of information necessary procedures, it will be of great value. Users on-line to understand the source of the house clearly, then go to the line and transaction, the efficiency will be greatly enhanced."Feng quan-lin told finance.".

Image / visual China

In the future, he thinks live broadcast and other means will change the industry inefficient state, real estate sector every company needs a lot of Li Jiaqi. "live-streaming has helped brokers get clients more efficiently. In the past, if a broker wanted to get 50 clients, even if it cost 10,000 yuan, it could not be bought directly. It could take two months to digest. But now you can get it live for a week and an hour a day."

On the whole, VR viewing can be screened in the initial viewing link, improve efficiency, live can improve efficiency in the guest access link, the two together, is a great promotion to the industry.

However, Wang Hailing thinks, live broadcast sells a house to suit real estate big V more, to common agent, be aimed at the building beside oneself community commonly is in management. "Live streaming can certainly increase efficiency or increase the number of users on a small scale, but it's hard to do it on a large scale because real estate is a regional market and it's more likely for us to join a community group or to attract some customers. "

It's easy to look at a house, but hard to place an order

During this round of VR house hunting, Shokatsu, a real estate market researcher, found some new changes.

Vr used to be mainly used in some real estate information platforms, especially when displaying information about second-hand houses, he told Caijing. But regarding the newly-built commercial housing, because the correlation marketing is more systematic and comprehensive, one-sided tends VR to look at the housing on the contrary less. But that has changed a lot since the outbreak, and developers are now more interested in getting customers through online VR showrooms, mainly because online is the only marketing environment available, the use of VR technology to enhance the sense of experience has become a must-use means for developers to capture customers.

"In the normal sales process, VR house-viewing is a much better way to catch the eye of consumers as an early stage tool than plain video. The current marketing is in a special period, VR house as a temporary alternative to the offline real estate, the effect is naturally more obvious than before. But VR house-hunting is only done in a virtual environment after all, and real estate as a large transaction involves more problems, complicated consumption process, and buyers are very cautious, so it can not take the place of online house-hunting in the end,"Jiang said.

He mentioned that from the current situation, the VR showrooms launched by various developers have played a good role in promoting the project, diverting the flow, gathering customers, etc. , although they have not brought about the phenomenon of a sales blowout, but also for the follow-up sales growth has laid a good foundation.

But in the view of Long Dongping, co-founder of Mushroom Rental, online house viewing and other means for the real estate transaction cycle has not greatly improved, nor will significantly shorten the cycle of decision-making for buyers.

He thinks, on-line house-viewing, live selling is for many years the extension of user demand in the field of real estate brokerage, the ultimate competition is the ability of offline services.

"When I started as a real estate agent 15 years ago, we advertised 'Tofu Cubes' in the newspaper and waited all day to answer the phone. There was a phone in front of each of us, and all the agents had their fingers on the speakerphone, and when the phone rang, they pressed it to see who was fast enough to get the call, and the client was theirs. Later, there are a series of websites such as Anjuke, which greatly improved the experience of home buyers,"Long Dongping told CAIJING.".

Previously, he said, it was possible to search for a house on a Web page on platforms such as Soufun, Lianjia, Anjuke and so on. There were photos and descriptions on the page, then there were videos, and now there are VR showings and live broadcasts. In his view, these are all improvements to the user experience.

"For consumers, this is a technology dividend, a higher test for enterprises, and a platform with a good home experience can win more buyers' approval, " Long said.

He told Finance and Economics, the intermediary industry has a sentence, the general agent to sell to customers want to buy the house, excellent agents to sell to customers should buy the house. Clients sometimes don't know what kind of house they want, or the perfect house they want doesn't exist. Ultimately, the customer will have to compromise and reconcile with the realities of the market, which obviously requires a lot of service and time.

Longdongping believes that buying a property is characterized by large transactions, low-frequency, highly personalized non-standardized housing, high unit price, strong local attributes. Buying a home is a slow process and requires a lot of offline service.

"when new techniques, tools and games come out, whoever is better at using them will do better and the Matthew effect will speed up the shuffle, " he said.

How can online house-sitting become mainstream?

Vr viewing room, live broadcast already existed, but the performance under the influence of epidemic situation is more concentrated, the application is more widespread. How long will this trend last in the future?

Jiang Guojun believes that after the end of the epidemic, the developers who have tasted the sweet taste will naturally continue online marketing business, VR showrooms will also be more attention. It can be predicted that relevant online technology and practice is expected to become more conventional marketing means, from this perspective, VR viewing the real industry has brought new expectations and new directions.

"However, the changes in the way of receiving customers and the experience scene have not expanded the market, the demand for buying houses has not increased, the property market will still face stricter regulation and greater downward pressure, and developers can not ignore solving other problems because one business has become popular for a while, " Jiang said.

Wang hailing also indicated that the on-line looks at the room at present the transaction effect is not obvious. "The main marketing effect of Evergrande's campaign is also greater, because they launched no reason to check out, as long as they do not pay the room, users have the opportunity to refund, so the actual transaction effect has yet to be confirmed. "

In Wang's view, online house viewing is more suitable for new houses, because most of the new houses are new houses, and consumers to the sales department can only see the sand table and model room, through Vr to see the same as the entity. But the second-hand housing situation is more complex, floor age, decoration, the specific feeling is still very big, so the new housing conversion may be slightly higher.

Feng believes that VR / Ar is a big trend in the future, and with the advent of 5G, VR is also an essential basic capability for technology-based Internet companies. This outbreak of opportunity to tear a hole in the future will become the industry standard.

Pexels

"VR viewing, live-streaming, everything is about efficiency, and that's progress in real estate, but it's not a one-step process. In fact, the future of this form can make a difference, is not the enterprise is ready, but the user is ready. Now don't say buy a house, even if it is rented, also impossible person uses VR to see a house to decide to rent, still want to see the orientation, ventilation on the ground. Now users can buy on Taobao without trying on clothes, and the real estate sector needs to force consumers to change,"Feng said.

So, when the real estate on-line transactions will become mainstream, this area whether the emergence of the Real Estate Sector Alibaba?

Yiju Research Institute researcher Yan Yuejin believes that in order to truly let buyers recognize the online model, must have several conditions.

First of all, the information is complete, if it is the existing house, hardcover decoration and even have a property certificate, buyers online to see the House as shopping, this time the pressure of buying a house will be reduced; in addition, in the current transaction, the refund of advance payment is very difficult, if a contrarian mechanism can be introduced, buyers'concerns about online transactions can be reduced, for example, by setting up mechanisms such as buying insurance. Third, online house viewing is simply two or three dimensional, and the sense of experience is still not strong enough, companies also need to use technology to achieve a higher sense of experience.

"The epidemic itself is a 'Black Swan, ' but what we should pay attention to is the 'Gray Rhino' after the Black Swan, " Feng said. "The epidemic will pass, but the epidemic has alerted many enterprises to look back at their core competitiveness and business models. " Each enterprise needs to have the new technology, the new business way to enhance the efficiency.

He believes that enterprises should be prepared in technology, resources, personnel quality. In the future, if you can achieve three screen linkage, friends and relatives can at the same time online viewing, discussion, evaluation, and the viewer can see the evaluation of other people, will be a good experience.

* The caption is from visual China. At the request of the interviewee, Zhang Yuan and Han were given pseudonyms. The in-depth report on the "Innovative Economic War Disease Plan" and the Salon documentary can be read on the public menu "war disease plan" .

Have you looked at houses on the Internet lately? How's it going?

You are welcome to leave a comment in the comments section, and we will send you an Iqiyi season card from one of the top three likes (over 20) . Original article reprint please click public number menu "reprint cooperation" .

First-hand Information / Hard Core Report / daily Red Envelope / offline activities! All that's missing is you! Speed Up Wechat rancaijing02 reply "reader" one button on the car!

Have you looked at houses on the Internet lately? How's it going?

You are welcome to leave a comment in the comments section, and we will send you an Iqiyi season card from one of the top three likes (over 20) . Original article reprint please click public number menu "reprint cooperation" .

First-hand Information / Hard Core Report / daily Red Envelope / offline activities! All that's missing is you! Speed Up Wechat rancaijing02 reply "reader" one button on the car!

I think I'm watching it

WECHAT SWEEPS UP Praise for author

####Send it to the author

People Admire

Long-press the QR code to transfer the funds to me

WECHAT's iOS version of the APP has been turned off to support public accounts through Qr code transfers due to apple's new rules.

Go to "discover"-"take a look" browse "friends watching"

Sent

####Send it to take a look

Sending

A scan of wechat
Pay attention to the account


-------------
title: Selling houses on the Internet, gimmicks?
source: Burning Finance
authors: _
editors: _
proofreader: _
photographer: _
translator: _
via: https://github.com/2019ncovmemory/nCovMemory
link: https://mp.weixin.qq.com/s/U7d42FtSTJGUetPb5gztzg
archive: http://archive.ph/GVZl9
snapshot: https://github.com/2019ncovmemory/nCovMemory/blob/master/archive/jpg/2229.jpg
lead: VR and live streaming will improve the user experience, but it's unclear whether they will be able to shorten the transaction cycle.
cover: data:image/jpeg;base64,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
