##Economist Jia Kang: minimizing the cost in overcoming the epidemic | in depth dialogue

MICRO-SIGNAL BQSHENYIDU

Beijing Youth Daily reports from the official public number

Reporter / Ms Iris Cheung

Editors Yang Baolu, Song Jianhua

Economist Jia Kang

The two-month epidemic of new pneumonia has brought about a huge negative impact on China's economy, and many enterprises are facing difficulties in production and operation. At present, enterprises all over the country after the Spring Festival holiday are gradually pushing forward the resumption of work and production, which means the movement and gathering of people. How to resume production as soon as possible while keeping the epidemic situation from spreading is a difficult problem for local governments.

At one point, the reporter interviewed Jia Kang, an economist and member of the National 13th five-year Plan Expert Committee. In Jia Kang's view, the new crown pneumonia epidemic has indeed had a negative impact on China's economic growth, but the impact is generally "short-term and limited, " he told the Shenzhen Times, the main impact of the outbreak on economic indicators will be in the first quarter of 2020, particularly into February. But after "front low" , there must be "back high" .

The Economic Index "before low" , will certainly "after high"

Once in a while: from a macro perspective, what do you think are the main economic impacts of the outbreak? How much of an impact does it have? What are the industries with the greatest impact?

Jia Kang: from the overall trend, the epidemic has a certain negative impact on economic growth, the economy had downward pressure, now the downward pressure is even greater. From the current situation, the main impact is in the first quarter, especially after February this period. But after the front is low, there must be a back high. After all, it is only a matter of time before the epidemic is defeated, and the "post-high" results are definitely to be expected.

The most important task now is to minimize the costs of overcoming the epidemic and to make the relatively smooth recovery and development of national economic and social life possible. This needs according to the situation, summarizes the experience and lesson, the optimized countermeasure measure.

The magnitude of the impact of the epidemic depends mainly on the situation and the time when the epidemic is under control. Now, with the exception of Hubei, the situation has improved markedly. Mainly Wuhan and Hubei were hit by the impact, relatively large in the country. From the impact of the industry, the first impact is the service industry, especially passenger transport, catering, domestic service, and so on, in addition, the impact of small and micro enterprises is also relatively large.

Deep once: You just said, the epidemic for the first quarter of the economic index will be relatively large, that the impact of the full-year GDP how much? Do you have an estimate for this?

Jia Kang: The economic growth rate in the fourth quarter of 2019 was 6% , and the first quarter of this year will definitely go down. Now for the whole year of GDP, it is certain that there will be low before high, but after high momentum, it is not too easy to judge.

There is no very precise estimate of the impact, because the information is limited and the variables in economic life are too complex. Generally, they make a relatively rough prediction, and then periodically revise the prediction. The World Bank, the Asian Development Bank and the International Monetary Fund have all taken this approach. Overall, if handled well, the impact on China's economy should be able to close down in the first quarter of a percentage point or so, the impact on the full year is 0.2-0.3 percentage points, of course, this is very bold statement.

Deep One: According to the Convention, after some major events, the government will introduce corresponding measures to stimulate the economy. Do you think the government will introduce some stimulus policies in the second quarter when the first quarter's economic index is not so good?

Jia Kang: Now some measures are being put in place, there is no need to wait for the second quarter. It has been proposed in the area of fiscal policy to be more active and effective, and in the area of monetary policy to maintain reasonable and adequate liquidity. Some support measures have been put in place.

At present, the financial departments at all levels have already made emergency arrangements for epidemic prevention and control funds of more than 100 billion yuan, and the actual expenditure has already exceeded 40 billion yuan. This will play a role in counteracting the downward pressure on the economy, and the remaining part will be spent more quickly.

Once in a while: the Central Economic Work Conference held at the end of last year clearly stated that China will continue to implement a proactive fiscal policy and a prudent monetary policy in its economic work in 2020. Will the tone of fiscal policy change as a result of the outbreak?

Jia Kang: The tone of "positive" will not change, and will certainly increase appropriately. At present, more than 100 billion yuan for the prevention and control of the epidemic is one of the "additional" elements. follow-up policies, including the specific arrangements from now on, will soon see the corresponding measures introduced one after another.

Deep once: We found that recently, compared to the Spring Festival, the price of food is higher, whether that means the CPI has been running at a high level?

Jia Kang: In fact, before the outbreak, the lack of pork supply has already driven up the CPI. Now that there's an outbreak, it's becoming more pronounced in some places. But this is structural problems coupled with phased factors, CPI for a period of time after a pullback. At present, the possibility of a correction in the second and third quarters is relatively large.

Specifically, the government has taken a series of measures to address the structural problem of rising pork prices caused by a shortage of pork in the market in the previous period, which has also driven up the prices of some substitutes such as beef, mutton and poultry eggs, this includes increasing pork imports, encouraging pig farms and farmers to increase their pig farms by various measures, and when pigs are released in a few months, the market supply will ease the tension and prices will naturally stabilize and adjust back. This is not an inflation problem caused by excessive money supply. It has very obvious structural causes, which can be solved by increasing effective supply.

Car companies are also involved in the production of masks

Expansion of production capacity in epidemic situation of some industries

Once deep: From the current situation, in this epidemic, such as masks, disinfectants, protective clothing and other industries were not affected, but production capacity has been expanded, what do you think?

Jia Kang: that's true on the surface, but it's mainly in a few industries. For example, the supplies needed to fight the plague, we need to produce them at full capacity. It can only be said that the enterprises in these industries meet the sudden objective needs, can make full use of production capacity, then in the specific financial performance, there will be some better income.

Once in a while: During this epidemic, many enterprises that were originally automobile and real estate enterprises not only added "mask production" to their business scope, but also quickly bought machines and raw materials and started production, what do you think of this phenomenon of mass production of face masks? Will there be overcapacity after the outbreak?

Jia Kang: The Enterprise produces the mask, also is meets the present market need. If there's demand, there should be production. This is in emergency, if the epidemic past, no longer need so many masks and other epidemic prevention materials, then enterprises will be based on the actual situation, to organize their own production and operation dynamic optimization. But now management has made it clear that if there is capacity in areas such as masks, protective clothing, disinfectants and so on, it should be done at full speed and not be afraid of overproduction. The state has a reserve system, and once the epidemic is under control, the excess will be purchased by the state as a necessary reserve. This attitude on the part of the authorities is meant to allay concerns about overcapacity.

Deep for a time: Because of the epidemic, many people's way of life has changed. After the Spring Festival, many enterprises have started to work online, and some shopping malls and restaurants have also increased their online promotion efforts, what industries do you think will be in the "hot spot" after the outbreak?

Jia Kang: Online can mobilize more potential, with the original combination of online and offline and there is no contradiction, especially after online operation, not only can tap the potential, even can tap more radical.

But I don't think there are many "hot spots" from the outbreak. For example, after this outbreak, people should pay attention to the production of vaccines. The key materials concerned should have production capacity at a guaranteed reserve level. Other industries will probably return to normal, such as online shopping and online entertainment, now because of the epidemic, the proportion of online has increased, after this, some of the more successful experience, of course, will continue to apply.

During the outbreak of small procedures on the launch of the "online home purchase" service

Real estate "stability in the upward" more likely

Deep once: Now all kinds of policies are opening up, we are most concerned about the real estate policy will be relaxed? After the outbreak, how will the real estate industry develop?

Jia Kang: The real estate industry has its own law of development, after the epidemic, or in accordance with the law of development. China's real estate over the years, the remarkable feature is "fire and ice" , that is to say, for the real estate industry, is a clearly differentiated situation. After the epidemic is over, the features of differentiation will continue. But overall, the real estate in the previous round of high points by the "930 new deal" down, the general has run to the bottom of the stage. So it is more likely that, after the epidemic has passed, the probability of a steady upward trend will be greater.

But for housing prices, which cities are on the front line, which specific places in such cities, and which areas and types in a given city are all issues to be considered, it would take a detailed analysis to come up with an answer, based only on the apparent average transaction price, such as putting Yao Ming and Pan Changjiang together to calculate the average height, which makes little sense.

Deep degree: you think the outbreak of the real estate industry, real estate enterprises will have what kind of impact? How do you see discount, online buying, no reason to check out of the real estate industry, such as self-help measures?

Jia Kang: Some enterprises will be subject to some stage of pressure, especially after the epidemic came, the transaction is very light, which for enterprises, is certainly a negative impact. After this phase, a lot of housing enterprises should be able to return to normal.

Pay attention to the current online purchase, may play a role in attracting customers, but this role is also limited, completely on-line purchase certainly not. Including discounts, on-line home purchases, gratuitous check-out and other preferential measures of real estate enterprises, can indeed attract the attention of some home buyers, so as to arouse the interest of some people. However, after being interested, the average person will still be under the habit, need to go to the scene to see, and then determine whether to buy a house, so that people will be at ease.

Of course, there is no denying that these online measures may lead to some transactions, but only online house can be identified after the purchase of people, it should not be too many. If all can be resolved in the early online online, which for enterprises and home buyers, after all, is a service optimization to promote the transaction of a good thing.

Deep once: Now it seems that the epidemic may have a lot of negative impact on the sales of real estate enterprises in the first quarter, back, take the land, and so on. Then, what do you think the impact of the epidemic on the real estate enterprises? How long will the effects last? After the epidemic, whether the real estate market will appear"blowout"?

Jia Kang: it can be said that real estate is affected by the epidemic relatively large one of the industries, especially sales. However, the year-round impact depends on the local time of the end of the epidemic, at present, in addition to Hubei, other places should be able to quickly eliminate the impact. But for real estate companies, the Spring Festival sales opportunities must be lost.

Judging from the average transaction prices in recent months, there are some signs of warming in the real estate market at present, but whether there will be "blowout" growth in the late period is not yet apparent in the short term, of course, do not rule out certain areas, some properties will have hot sales situation.

Deep once: In addition to commercial housing, commercial real estate has also been a certain impact, in addition to rent-free, enterprises should also take measures to save themselves?

Jia Kang: Regarding the commercial real estate, each place and the enterprise should make the corresponding policy according to the local conditions, can not generalize. Because commercial real estate and location, commercial activities, such as close contact with the region, the situation varies from place to place, each enterprise. But for the enterprise, how to show the selling point of the relevant subject, how to attract the potential transaction object, is a "customized solution" thing.

Deep once: Now there have been more than three or four line local governments have introduced subsidies to buy a house, how do you think?

Jia Kang: compared with the first-and second-tier cities, the third-and fourth-tier local governments have room to operate, so they can use this way to boost their local economic prosperity. However, the situation varies greatly from place to place, according to the characteristics of each place to develop as reasonable as possible institutionalized solutions, because there is no unified model "sheathing" can solve the problem.

On February 7, the State Council held a press conference on financial and tax policies related to epidemic prevention and Control and financing difficulties for small and micro enterprises

The local government should "customize" to form the plan of resuming work

Once in a while: The epidemic has had a great impact on small, medium and micro enterprises. Local governments have also gradually introduced some policies to help enterprises resume work and production as soon as possible to tide over the difficulties. Do you think these policies should be continued, iNTO A LONG-TERM POLICY?

Jia Kang: As things stand, the resumption of work and production outside Hubei will be accelerated. I see that statistics say that the top 500 domestic manufacturers, have a 97% resumption rate, which is basically a full resumption of work, then, many medium-sized enterprises will soon follow. For more small and micro enterprises, it is true that they have been greatly affected, for example, transportation is inconvenient, they are unable to travel, or they have to be isolated for a specified period of time, etc. , especially in some scattered industries such as domestic service and catering, at present, the conditions for resuming work are not so good.

The state, including local governments, has put in place a number of related policies, which, if quickly implemented, will soon see results. For example, in some places, in order to encourage migrant workers to return to work as soon as possible, they are exempted from the return journey expenses. What's free? Literally, the government pays for his ticket, or reimburses him for his ticket, so where does the government pay for it? It's backed by money. This is very clear in some places, such as the Pearl River Delta, the Yangtze River Delta, such as the growth of polar regions, will first use this method to calculate large accounts, the resumption of the situation to do more actively and effectively. To put it more bluntly, is to delay the time of the epidemic back, before the low, as long as there are operational possibilities, to quickly push up, let the momentum after the high more sufficient.

Once in a while: Is it necessary for local governments to have different policies for each enterprise? What problems do you think the enterprises are facing now?

Jia Kang: It is very difficult for an enterprise to formulate a policy. There are tens of thousands of micro-and small-scale enterprises in a local government's jurisdiction. It is impossible for every enterprise to be customized. Generally speaking, key enterprises will be caught first in the jurisdiction, then there are the inclusive rules that help a lot of mses, and of course, for mses, PRATT & Whitney's rules don't go into all the details.

For the resumption of work and production process, some enterprises shortage mask, disinfectant and other prevention and control materials, it now seems that it will soon be alleviated. According to the current report, the production capacity of these prevention and control materials is increasing rapidly.

Deep once: How should the local government organize the enterprise to resume work and production in an orderly way?

Jia Kang: This problem still can not be generalized everywhere. We place special emphasis on supply-side reform, the key to which is to tailor high-level programmes within the jurisdiction of local governments. For a certain enterprise, in his specific scope of activities, but also to solve the problem of customization program, it is impossible to apply the same model. This has to be a case-by-case design. Of course, there are specific structural issues that need to be addressed in this design.

So can not generalize, the situation of each place has apparent distinction, need to suit local conditions to make bespoke change a solution. In addition, it is necessary to grasp the premise of the Factor of safety, actively and steadily promote the resumption of production. Keep Track of information and make necessary adjustments in a timely manner. Each local management has loose and tight, then the enterprise's managers must be particularly careful, must pay attention to guard against risks.

DEEP: Many local government support policies, including the payment of fees, tax deferral, which means for enterprises?

Jia Kang: This is of course to lighten the burden on enterprises. For example, the payment of five kinds of insurance and one kind of gold can be postponed, and the tax collection can also be postponed. This is to give enterprises some lenient treatment. After all, under the epidemic situation, most enterprises have suffered a certain impact, and even some enterprises have experienced operational difficulties. The government is taking this into account, so it has introduced relevant policies to allow enterprises to ease up a bit during this period, at least until we get through this phase of the epidemic.

Deep degree: Now some places of excessive prevention and control measures, whether it will have an impact on the resumption of work?

Jia Kang: Excessive or not excessive, the specific degree is very difficult to grasp. There are places where the Factor of safety must be raised. In Beijing, for example, about eight million people are expected to return to the capital after the Lunar New Year holiday, so the government requires 14 days of self isolation for those who travel to the capital, and all those involved must be quarantined immediately if something goes wrong.

However, in some local practices, it is easy for some situations to go too far, such as simply and roughly cutting the road, or even wearing a cuff to beat people in specific implementation links, in the hope of paying more attention to local management, avoid excessive, over-the-top and simple rough behavior, avoid bad cases.

Deep once: On February 20, Hubei Province issued nearly 10 billion yuan of local bonds. In the coming March, local bonds may enter the intensive issuance area. What do you think about this?

Jia Kang: The issue of local debt, is the original has been arranged, is not caused by the epidemic. However, after the outbreak, the speed of local debt issuance may be accelerated, the intensity may be increased. Because the special debts raised by local governments have a definite purpose. The government projects have been targeted at the time of issuance, and special debt is used to raise funds, but now the pace should be faster, faster issuance of local debt is also a performance of stimulating the economy.

This article was first published exclusively by the Beijing Youth Daily in the Toutiao, and is not to be reproduced without authorization.

Sixth floor, bed six. Patient's gone. | In depth

I don't want to be a hero. I just don't want to be trapped by despair

Farewell to Dr. Li Wenliang: May Heaven be virus-free | in-depth report

Go to "discover"-"take a look" browse "friends watching"

Sent

####Send it to take a look

Sending

A scan of wechat
Pay attention to the account


-------------
title: Economist Jia Kang: minimizing the cost in overcoming the epidemic | in depth dialogue
source: bei-qing-shen-yi-du
authors: _
editors: _
proofreader: _
photographer: _
translator: _
via: https://github.com/2019ncovmemory/nCovMemory
link: https://mp.weixin.qq.com/s/idgVa3EcL1DpdsZXPK1lIQ
archive: http://archive.is/Y41uG
snapshot: https://github.com/2019ncovmemory/nCovMemory/blob/master/archive/jpg/2210.jpg
lead: The rough line forecasts a drop of about a percentage point in GDP in the first quarter
cover: data:image/jpeg;base64,/9j/4AAQSkZJRgABAQAAAQABAAD/2wBDAAYEBQYFBAYGBQYHBwYIChAKCgkJChQODwwQFxQYGBcUFhYaHSUfGhsjHBYWICwgIyYnKSopGR8tMC0oMCUoKSj/2wBDAQcHBwoIChMKChMoGhYaKCgoKCgoKCgoKCgoKCgoKCgoKCgoKCgoKCgoKCgoKCgoKCgoKCgoKCgoKCgoKCgoKCj/wAARCADMAeADASIAAhEBAxEB/8QAHAAAAgIDAQEAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAEFBgIDBAcI/8QAPhAAAQMDAwIEBAMHAQcFAAAAAQACAwQRIQUSMQZBE1FhcQcigZEUMqEIFSNCscHRchYkM0NS4fA1YoKSov/EABoBAQEAAwEBAAAAAAAAAAAAAAABAgMEBQb/xAApEQACAwACAgEDBAMBAQAAAAAAAQIDERIhBDFBBSJRExQyYSMzcUKB/9oADAMBAAIRAxEAPwD57BQDykE17unOCEIQoIQiyEBMZwkiypDK/IS72QAi2VdBkhKyEA7cm6LIGSmLWVAICFkLIDFMNssgMJFACQN+UEpeyAy5SIsENTIugMUWWVsWQBZVLQINxZSPTmlVWsavT0WnxyyTyOA/hNuWjuVy0dNLWVUdPTRySzSO2tZG3c4n0C+p/hV0hS9H6O2esDp62aziZG28O/YAf5KyX2LkarLFHpHX0P8ADKj0PTi6uq5alz7PMU79zGkd9t7XUnrJp6KJxpqZjnN4J+Vn0C36vrsjZDT008VLI/knJA/yqlqFNFUyH8S41rmfmduL8ewNlao2Tlzsf/w5ml8kbVVfU2tSCnhkjZETZjYWB364+91NdL9Fy6bUPqdRr5pJnC5pvzMv6kgi/st+j1zKKqigoaCKkByTHGCT6l18D0sujUKv8MH1Mjg6oJNmyTWaBfm3+AtsrJv7IdIcf6O2slbSwyEyRUjDcl+4OldbsBfCp2pa/S+E5xozUxEgGaeZhJ9mjC5tWr2VtOWvmYNzSd5ifGwH/Wbfckqly1FfLK8xVlBPk2YXsz9bqxUalsn2bK6HL2WSDXNIohK6FscRebkMbax9gLfqEh1Bpszf47HSRE23SsBt9l51WMq6eVzZKJsJeMBos13sbkLKj1P8O4tkh8NzsEn52/Yp+51nR+gkXWrmp45IpKdr3bgdroZCCfa9wfa/0URV+HVMc+GVpjIsbC20+rf5T7YUKyt8CTxA3YwuuRHljj7FdsdWyoe6aFzW1HkOHjzHr5t+y6apb2YtG3SdUkpPEpquMTQ/zsf3Bxdp7H/suynq4KTxJIYHS0bvzFrblv8AqCr9fI0S+IwbWm5LR/Ie4Hp/lZaZXiOfcx9nDBj8x5jzH/mV0V2cXhrlBSRaqR0M7ZKmje/wMfwzkFw8l0a5o9NrGkP8CAOc4CzSbEuHGfuL+qr9BGfxElRRSQiN+ZIhLa/ti33VhoJamnHfaTc3bdrb+Y8j6Lo5ckc0ouPooGudH/uR/wCLqG+PSnLIt+3Pk93bPlyqpPBJM6WcQshaXG0bBZo9APRfRddS0+qUtPG+OJ1O6xcw/MLWyFX+ttB0+LTKqspIIY3NDQTnbGBi4A/ouOVELMXoyh5GP7jwkhIrormtZVvZG9z2juWFh+xytC8mceEmjuT1aJNCFiUxPKG8FOwSNxwMKgaawbhO91MAHOEiccLJo80uUA72CQN+1kbbhIjuQi7BmsL2JR2QiAxi6SaByoUSLoHdJX0BoQkFiXGHCaXdNACEgmiICLlCYzdVEGAmkObeSaoBCLoQAEDgoCYVADCAhMH0QGSwJWV1igBZAWWObIBsgM0LHJTJsEAIHPogcKV6UhjqeoaGCak/FskkDfC3lt/W48hcrOEdeEbxae//AAX+HsOm0LNX1GjjbWPG6Muk3vaCPTDfpnzXotRUU7hIxpawN/4jzgLVT1mn6N0+2KgbHDBEwCzBta30AXlfWfUFbNI+npw2GDuBy+/mVYVytblLpI44xcn0W3UNa05s8jIqSWolcLbw35dvte/3VV1PqE1MraTTaaHxGnEcdpD/APIjAPoL+64umuma3VSA68FE7Lw02MnqV6x0v0pQ6cxoghAI5IFyfcrVZ5kYbGrt/k9GrwF/O089peneoq6P+NWSUkRt/Bp7Rt+tsrtj6G8F5klm/ikZc673/c8L1mal8OOwG0c5UBqILXEi7mHuvM8i+2MeSker49VUulE82q+goZpXSPlkklP88g3n9eFEVXw+aH7muc4+RC9Mkc7NikAXNuvIfl3t7p3ft6vweVzdMVFHEWU7n7T+aJ93NPt5KuVekOeSNm0+Vshe3zRNdyBdQ9bpdO8uJaCT6Lro8u19M57fErfaPF201RTAgi/keR9fRcs4dGfEa3Y4/mZ6+YXrc2jRu3WGDjKhqrphpJ2tBaTctXtUeTL5POs8VL0ef/jyAHygvsOfMeq1STsxI1rC2+bfK5v/AGVj1LpealLnRfPEexCgZNOLnkP3U7xjdtJaR624XpxsckcUq+JK0M8LHxOhnmhldy8HaPr5+4Vnirp3NAMjJJmtyGuw8H+Zp/svOZIq3TZmiSL+HyHjLHetwrLpGrshib4kYc13BB/KV11z32c04Fu0zVHN/gyflIO155GfylSGkvvIXuPiQVDNrmOHccG33VXhqYqkuDS0DnJtZddNUyUzWBz/AJWvwL3IuuqOSWHHZEr/AMV6AxVAkp2QuEwD3NbTtvGALXL/AF8l5kvo2Cop9SopaephZI17ctePPheJda6S7StblhZA6KB2Y9xB3DzXn+ZR1y/Bv8W3fsZX7oRZJeadoIGQgG6agFbyWIGbLI8YQBZEAt5owEFLsoBjjCROEuyBlVAdkkwUHCLookIQnYBJH1QgC6EeySxKPshJNXCAEwkMJhQAsgsVkLKogAcppJqgSE0dkAJoHCV1QF074SGU8WQAgIQOUA7JLICyCEANGE1iOMrJUgL0r4J9Nu1HWJNTqNzaSl+UAAAyOPbI4t5Z9lR+ndJOsaiKUTeD8pduEZe4+gA/uQF9R9A6LB0x0zFTCV9Tt+YvlsbE52tt2v7+62pcY8jVZL/yvZw9SVg8Q0dKWhtgTfsR/Wyg9F0B2sV4mq5WysabWiG1p/yfW6mzp4qKt5qHgiY8PvYi/GOfbhXPSKSOniDIo2hrMABtgvN8zzX/AKYPo9PwvFSXOR1aRpkNLGz5AA0YAUnJURRjbkX8lxzzlgDWnPsuMOL5SXG5uvPt8mFK4x9nfGh2vZM7KuqYGFkZc4nklQtUC4km/spKSJpt2K5pYSBfO1ebd5M7X2dlVca10R3gAtOMrTt23AXe1riSLWFlpqIyAcLCMjYzgkAsSeVGzndwT6qWcy4IUfNCQ69sLspmt7NckcFrrW8ix81vlAZwVyuc25tyva8VOx4cd+Rjpplp/GBBzdV7WtGDGPLmDYeHAcK1RyN2jJsPRZVHhzRlpyHBfSV1KCw+ftubZ5HJPUUb9pqCYb5bINzfbPZZbtKLXNkhjY5xBPg3/TCmupdObC+QtbuuP5R+qpUjJXSiOE29hkfZYSbg8aLxUlpZmU1PA1s8Mrh2DHMtuv2v2SqawtLQXksvjtg+qiYYnRsPizTSuHLQAL/Up0kxqCGuGGn8h7LdVLDnnEt/TD/3hIWP3CFou6ziLrj+KvTtL+7RqVM14kjAYWtbcW8yecf3WekT/g543m21zbgE2Iyr9RT0eqUs2nzujkgmj2vG8tOfUZC2X7x34ONycZpo+XiLcpK4fE3SI9H1w01JSsgoQ3+CWDDh3+buVT14VsODw9SuamtQIQl/RazMLoBui1ghpQDI9VjyEHOUgmBAlwFkBhI8KFQA3QjgBLjhXfyBpI90KNgEIS7KFSH5oQEWQgICEBNA0IQiDYJgXSQqQyF0/dJvCYGCqAQhCABwiyOAgqgBymhCAEDlCEBmsSUA+qCO6AN2OUbvVJCAsvw/oarUOoYY6Omqahw/M2GUw2/1P/lbfzX0vqVVT6BpEcZj3TAXDN18+dznleLfs/tk/wBpKqQN/gRxXe8mwae2O5OfsVdupdU/Fas5jR4tS94sx4w0drj9bLZbLhWYVQ52li6NFXqNU+urJDK93ytv2Hl6L0OCMNaABlQXTdF+AoIoyPn23d7lWKNwDbnyXx9trnY5H08K1CCRrniG2/dce0MI7XXdJM29t4+hXPMA4A9lzy1s2QaBzyGkXIRv3Ms7K1PBIN1zOkLOCbokZYbdgvYrRUR2YbnKTqoNPzG9vJbah7XRjhbEjDSLcAHkWK4awWupCXLvVR9e4Nbnlb612Y8iDqH8hR/iObKcqQnYXC4XDLE6/fjlez4tn6bRz3R5rDIStGc3GDbutrJgG2uuE3ZzdN5+i+l8e/kuzw76Ejl1aJkrHYt5lUXVIjHuZE9xuchuLq910x/DvZYE25VN1KCSEGR1myE3F8kLoscfk0QTSIqjjBqmQlxa/k7v7rdVRM/HT7HNY8Ht3K5IG7Znykl0pGBzb1TMpbLbw3PmcTaS4sPopCX29owaekhTyPkw8+IWGw29lbumKuNpuxji08FUrS2PNzySfa5Vq0iVjmbPmaBcHaLEfVdVf3LGctq3ogfjJWCWamgBO5nzkW4uOxXmN8r0X4ixUUoje2ed00dy4yMIsDwL8LzrF14/nxyZ1+MshgEpXRe6S886DK4KQwkEElUAmLWWIuskAjxhA4zyhCJFQuUWRlLlYgPNCAgKgEdkJEoimSEIUKHZA4TCEICEC90IYgmErptKoGmEggIBj3TSQgAJpcJrIAhCEAIQhACEIQAiyEIgep/BGsjpWa5NIPlihD3WuSfIegvz9FYuj2v1frWF8zQ5sd3vsO4VV+GULWdL63UGRu+VzIGsvY+dz9l6N8KaTwtU1SaYeE2miaCXm1r5yVq+oNxo/wCm/wANJ2aeoMNmk2Wtzqibc2Jz8iwDTYfdRk/UNBcxQGeqeL3FPCX9uey1x9YaNBEY6x9ZSkcmoopmD77SF81GudfbXZ7bmpLpnX+EqKcufLV5Odsjt364T/ezadpLm74m5O3JXLDqukak1zdP1WjqSf8AlsmaXfblR1Vp8kTi+Bxa+9y04v7eRWOa/uMe0Wan1ahqod8UjXBaJ3B5+Ui3oqbsfFuAO03+666HUZGODHuu05zyFthVvov6jRNvBDyDc+S642Oc0A5stVIWzDdZdzJI2RknJWEo4ZKRxTxljSVE1cRlHOVNzTwvjvuuLqDqdQpmykGRoPl5LbUno5I4nQbCueSAbSSV3OqIXi4kBuo+rrYmXG8Eei9Omrm+jnnZxRwVMbdxA5XDK03sMLtknZI47HAnyXFK4knC9irlBHBZkmcshsM8Ku60+7i7aXHj29VYnjCgNYbtD3DkDC3xue9nO4Fdnf4L3FwzvG4gX47ey1gh1QySMuft5xawWiWXxXuba13E3C6ad4jgkLgBvAIHcrrrk2zkksJymh/iQln5HNIdbHflTOhwNZIXFo2uw5rhcYwq5TzOpnEEm20NHmO6mKPU3Qytcwb3Xy08Fd8O10cc0yE+IlHHTzB0jp3+IbtpjA7aB3IcLWz7rzaQsD3GMEM7A5KuPWeoun1Geqoaqem8Q/NAJHAX8xn9FTDgrxvPls8fs7aItQB3ZYpowvP03AhF0BEUEH3QhXOgASPCEXuogJCaSgGkeMJpIUFimeEsKoIzSQeEgoQyCLoQERRi6EIQxBCEKgyHCFiEIDNIeqGpnhNAkxwkO6FUB9kIRlUDTJusQmgBCEIAQhNvrygPWuhOguqH9It1nTn0TYp3iSKlmJD5GC43g8DPAJyuZ+q19LR1LNUkdHV1NQ/xIiAGsaz5QAB638+F6x0N1HG/oDSn4LW0bWst2LAWuH6Lxn4mShvULoW3IjhYbkZu+7zf/wCy1VWO5/d8M7JVKlavk9b+Emo01THO+mlHiRBrXDggnlX2q1NrJT4kpvbuV5L0v0RXwdLafqukTvh1R8e98ZNg8HIH2UVqnUet1lT+654vwVY87HyOYSR6gLyPLj+tY3Bno0ZCK5I9P109PajFavgpZ3eb4AT9DZUevp4qKUt0PUq2mba4ZHMXx2/0PuPsvP8Aqb/afQ5mMfqNRJC5oO8tu2/lldmlyatU0Zq5RvjBO3d8ri3z8isavEfvSS8iPpouVPrOpxtJrYI6yJvMlONjx6lhwfofopvSWt1SVr6Ml8ZF+CCPQg8FVWi1BgpImsjlbIARPvItuubADkWFvqpnSuqqfpjUWePo+oV0UsAnmko4w4x3JDdwJ8mk/VZ2V8E89mKmn2ehGnkpKUWDsBVzUNWf/wAM481jVfFfpOuhMbn1lG8YLaqkczPuLhVTVNSi1CISaXNvLjfxtt2Af+3/AKjz6D1WHj1yf80WVi+CxS1jxBdriCc8qs13imTeC4km5K7OndD1LVbh2uVTCOdkceP/AMqaquktTpYgYdfdKfKeijdf6ixWf60KpYYuEproprZZw+5klIB9gtjgZWEybgfMnKk6mHV6K4li0uraO7N8Lv6uCipaqaV4FRp08Tjj5Xtcy/vg/ou2m3n2jnsrcfZyPMtO8yRSPfYgBpypdr3SMDi4bh2Cxi3RtD5IZGMJtd7SAfRKeU7xawavTrt5LDlaASBpdu7nGFC6+LwuNjxhSUrrHn5Rm64ay0jTcYso3nZmlpQYyWyXPF13ubeFpHIJAHmVp1aFsEwtctOCtzJXGiia25d4jnl1+eF3+K+SOG1YyRpi2RpDnH5gTjJOFudTfi6eaF8zYXtG4PcOwHouXTw2QAONnsIeLfYhZ1oEu4Frj4bf5XFpP2yvTr/icku2UnU5nslkhfNFUgcSx3t+oBv7qOOVsq3mWokda1zwTe31WrPmvnLpOU2d0fQXQmOElqMgtZCAhVBASlcoQgC6Lm+UJZ8lANJNLhQvQJeaaaaDAJWWRWNvVVFRsQkgKE3RhNJATSYNCEKkBCOxQgBCAhAMIGSkmMXKAYFrprG5TvlANCBwhUCTHCEBUDQkPZNQAgXQgKg9n+CU8ldpFRpTgQ2OoEjTe92vw8D7D7rg+JGkz1PxXloWtIdVyxCI2wQbD9Fj+zm+Q9bSxjMRpXuf6Wc236r6Nr9A0/UK+ir6inYa6jfvhmtcjFvrgrmvvj4/Z3U1u6OM2U9OykpY4IxZkbQxvsBZQmuaXSzM/EyU8ckzT8riMj2KstVD8osHG3YBQ+ouaKYkkj0K+Zm258vyexDFFFH1AOkpzC6AuaOA4XAVfqqNjwWFo28AK7VtZHDEWMbckcAC6jYIPxcmI8m2OSu+ufBdmDimVan02NrvCL/CY/55ZHcRxtuXPPsAVzdLV2pa71FWu0qGYQSPa8M4EcbRtY0n/SBf1Vt6h6crKp8OmUbYw6pINSL/ADBgIIYR2BOXewHmrro2j0HSGhimp2gPdmSS2ZHdyVrt8hZhqVbctR591P0y5tLLUVZZJKBct2g/S6otNO2mpIIoiwgsc/5CSPzuwPa1l6Z1bqBqA+ON3ykLyWtppaeUP4jEj2+275gPQXLl3eKpuvZM570lLUW3p3XItKp6qqq5C1jRcBn5nHsAoHWPinq0kzRDSRiK5w9ziSPcFa6OKVrNxaHAm4BFwpSnZHU0b6evoYjEXAYbY+hWLogp85LSxnOUci8IyPraerYweCYnBod8rt7VM61qsdLLThsrX74IpHuGA17m7i23pcZW2m0bSqSMimY5m7m7r/1UFr+msdqD56eVzS6wLHG4sBb+y9ClQXUFhz2Rn7ky+9ER/vOnqn1srRpbBunY5xAf5AD/AKj2KrtaYoKstjefBkF2B5z6gnuVXaWqq6dopY3yRxOdfYD8pPssupaWtnoKaNgilgePEMcg/mBIGfqV0OPF7+TQm90lah9nEWII7eS0PJ8M35VHqafXIqgyxtmYw/ywzH+/K53a5rFMD4pmdbFpYufqFlhVL8nb1HII6ho5JN1jRutG0Xud9gPuoGp1iSsnDqiMAjyXfS6hGySJgJLhxZdHjWKD1nLatZYqZvguO38zWn7KM1SpMdPJLk9ifLyW3xpKo4dtJJx6KD6gmdHJ4LH/AClo3AcL053KFbkjnjD7iGc/c4k8nKXZIJrwW/k6kCEBJAHdCCb9rIUAJBNHZXACSaVvJTANJNChcMQLFZJBCF9COAkFkeFiqiGQ9U0JWUKkNMYWKyQMEIQqYAi9gbcoQgEO6aEIATukgIAQ3lHsnwU9AYz7JrFnkmTYqgaEk0AAJnCSYQAhvKEBQHuH7NdODLrdU0Dexkcd++ST/ZfQkDvW68E/ZpAbRa4N2TJEbfRy92jPPkvD+rzf6ij/AEe14Ef8enY87h6KNroHSxloYQTji6743bscrY8AA37Ly0jqTzoqH7nJnvJDuJ8gtw0moZLala2En/mk8f3U1PWx0sRc4i9u65dJqpa90lRY+EDtZnnzKz1meEhomlQafC/aTJO//iSu5d/gei4epNhhJcAS25F1M09zcKsdWSkROaMEFWMecka49Ns801NxdUyWPy8KBq6Zsm67b3sefL/wqcrHAuceFH+KzcAbL6SEFFLDgm9bOSlZbaLXHqpmCRhjLHgceS0RwxvbvYRYodHNbFrAXKxsimWCa9G6SOEs+U2Pqo6opo7mxC7jTOnYNpIPn5rB2nyBtileJiev4IqOmY6YENuQcKbqqVjtrbW2tASoacU87Xuja4NztdwVumfkuXY5KWac3BrSMnpYg03AtZQtbBE5rgWBT8oLzkY8lGVMVoZC+12gqxi5EeJHl+owMNZIAwNBcuzRunXV8cksUvhyREWuL39FvkpH1VXZjbkuV/0HTPwNEdwvIfmNlnZxhE01w5y/ogaHo+rc0+JVtjdgizbkKv8AVnROpafHLXtfHVQfmeYwQ5o87f4Xrbaa9MXy3Btewwoygk3VTqZ5308wLXNdkLFeS5R4y9Gz9svaPAwE116pAKTU6ynB+WKVzB7AlcqwzDn+RBAOUyMXWJ5U0AhNChcEkD2TSta/CukBAQhQqGsb5WSSBsaQQDlFsoGHmseyyusUBkDdATQhQQeEI7IRjQm3kpKmOghCEAITRZAJCE7IACB5JhNAICyCE0lQNCEIACO6SaAYQL27JXQMoD2/9mye02tQXtdsT7fUj+69+ZfbYL56/Zrja/Utbdu+dsEePMFx/wAL6GgN2grwfq6/yJ/0e34H+s3w4sVqrJwyNxJ+yzc4gYUbqBJuOcLzIvo7MKvrVZNUSGCIkudgAckqz0tdBoWiQMqCGmOP5vQ91y6NpjW1DqqUXeMNB7LT1ZokmrQbIZmxkixDuCFs5xbz4K1qw6OnusNO12inqtNqRI2GQxSAAgtPsf6qC6h1qGbewPBcq5pXw81Dp+umrKLUY4o5m7JIxcteO2PMdioPXKLUaaSQ5cM2kaLtXb40Kufs556o9HfI5kzy1pGPJc1Rp26Nxafm5CpM8GrR1gmotRcHDlj/AMrvSys1BrX+5/xyfFtlt+CvZizgMdKqzBUiGSxaTb2Vma1oduuLEYCpTrtZ4rm5Lrq2aU9s9PG51zi2Vrn702wZI+C10dz8pWh+5jyMn3XaQGjHC5ZCb+nkVilpXJnG613ELVYj8wxZb37c2WmR1sLorNUmznlcQx1hn0ULqLyIJLc2UtUv2sJuoaoIkJHZd1RyzOPp6l8Od75GgBwBB9FdtGkgnY5zHtfbAChp6QR0UVwRvabgeyy0Jv4aNjALLj8ifKXR0Uw6LDqsgZQvtg2soBhZTPZLIQ1sQL3E+QCmNVcNrIxfNiVR/idqbaHRRSxOAqas2IHIYOf8LVHs3Slwi2eWahUCr1CqqBxLK54+pJXMRlHsi+Ct55LfeglZM8IBTQuhJXWV+1kYUzSoxQntzcEotZXCiHCaEhyqlhASWSFNBiRnCVj5rJCFRje3KSZ4S7KAzQhJCjTS7ICIg7IQi2FTEEIHKdggD3TSKaASfaxRZHfCAAgHzRwgd0AdkBB4QDhEBoQhUAhCEAIASWQKIHpn7Pmpmi65/Cm2ytgdEb+Y+YfqF9SU4s0L4x+HNd+7+uNFqS7a1tUxrvZxsf6r7NiNgR6rx/q8OoyPW+nSeOJm8clR8rQ6YcXPF13SOwVxU8jXOPiW3HjHC8RHpPpHWXhjLWF+FpNydwuT6rKaanpIHT1UgY22bqsV3xB0aCQsDtx4BJWUa5S/ijFayS1mZ0VLIT+Y4ACidHj8XSKgvaLuJJuL4Q3qPStYbZku08m5wtTupNK0ynljdVRuPFmldNdc10l2YTWLs861HTWGV7mNt83AXL+CZC/LBu54U1LX0dZUyGKZouSbcLnqGjPfGF7deqOM8+aSZGVMRliwbW8lIdOzOEewn8p81paw2/qt2ngMldtFrm9lkxAsYedpAWh55WLH3BCxecEKxMpnK8AEhvBWpx2i5K6HANaXFcNQ+5sMrbDtmtvo5KyW4LG8laKSK8oBA5WywJJOTddFLD4sgbkX5I7Luh9qOeXbM5q+Bwka5wIjGxo8z3K2aTH+ImYRhjclYnQqeBm4SEkG4upWAsa0RQgNb3cvOnrZ2wxRODWK2DT2VNfWyEQRDHqfILwrqDV5tb1OWrqMbjZjezW9grB8SepP3tqZoqR5/A0xsCDh7+7v8KmrZFYcN1nLpDumchY35WTT6Y8lmjQJHKd/QouiIABsg8IuUkKNqCleyBlNAJWITTJFlX6AgUsphCYBIPCAmPVMBi4YRYWWR9EvdTC6CEk1CiKY4RZAQhkkjuhUxAYTvlJCAZN0XQBhAQDCO6EjygGUXQ1HmgAZCAOUh5FMKgaEIQAhCEAI7FJCgNtJM6nqYpmfmjcHD3BuvtjpzUmano1FWM4nhZJ9SP8AK+IvVfSPwB6idqHTUmnzPBmonWb5mM5H63XD9Sr50P8Ao7vAnxsz8nrj3c5soWtrPw8D3Ny+5sPP0XVUVG2NxBIwoemb+Jl3yG4a64uvnUutPal+Csa/pXUuuMaZ5aahpjwC8vcR7BVDXfh1WiHdFqLXydrMwT/VexTtOd5+XsQVW9T1mKke4l8ZxbJyuqm6xdQM0o5kjxePQ+o9OY40xgJ4dse7cR5WK5pINVjj36jQVjQTcvis8fa916i7VKKWS7jjkm6jdS1mjEMrWxgkiwzx6henXbdvo0zpozqTPNIK+RpDvnafI42+hVv6d1kzfwKh18YuomunhqnN20zcC1/Nc8OmTB4khvERwOy71rXZ5s0k8T0u821rrtOPQp6cf96duFxZQ9BUTFgZU8jCmdKYXzOc7gLXL0a4fywmY8XQ4CxSBDeUi4AKRN02anEmMk9lHzDkjC7Z3ANNu4so+WQDANguiCw0tmi1hZSWjw+JM94/ltyosyW+ikdA1GnEs8XiNMjSAWg5C6G+MTSk28RKSwuLbKl/EnqIaLp406jktXVA+cjmNn+SrZrGvUWmUjqiqkaxjRxfJ9Avn/qHVJNY1iqrpAQZX3a0n8reAPssJKKXQnKUVhHJgXQhajQHdPtZAQShBWTQgKkBCEgEA0BAwjuoUBhB4TSvyqA4CAbhAxnlATQCEdkgVQPlIpnhYoAvlZBJMLAyBAFjyhCpiCEIVICAnZJAPshqQTAKAbeEiDdMIJQAEDkpI7GyAeCUZ7DCVxb1TvhEBhFkmnzTVAIQhAJPshFigRiSr98E9Z/dnWdPA5xEdZeEjsTyP1CoQbd1vNe6fC7plnTHTM3UuqQt/eFS0/g45ALsAzuse5F7eixsipQe+jOE3CSaPXJCX3HmFlFEI47Aeq1U1SyWCKQFu2Rge08ixC33MrrNNmgZXyE04to+jg01ppc4kbb3HqoPVOlINTu58e1xzuBsrPFTA88LpleyGDyA5VrnKL2JlNKSw8i1H4fVDXH8HMHWFyHFVav0CvonOZPGQL+4XstTVSSOdtO1vmqlrT3tc9zpNwdiy9fxvJsbyRx2URzUUOngER+dg81KDa4cCyJ2XN8WWu9gQBZehybOTMFtAf8Al9bqd0x7S2/ooOJrwcjC7KSUxEg8FQf2TMkgAJPPAWkygNNyuV8+4LlmlIuLrZCJG/ybZ6rnNwo98xLiLrVJJnnhad4ubELejA2VlSIKeSWQ2YwbiV5LV1809dPUiR7HSOJ+VxGFZut9Y3MFBCecyEH9FTWpOW9HPN99GySaSW3iyPfbjc4lYpWQAsDH/o0DlK6Y5yhBoSBumhBlLsi4QEQBCV01V2AQkMpjlAHkg+iaSASfmhCYBWQmErIACEWRlTcCBMJNKaAEICFSAgBPukQgGkgJjICASYwslieUAwl3KY5TQGKSZ5SKAd8JIQEAxgFMZWKByEQM0IQOVQFsIHumrX8L9Do+oes6HT9SD3UryXOax1i62bX8llFEbwsXwe6BZ1DX/vLU/wD0mmdcg8TOGbew7r2iSi/2p6updKjOyhgN5gx2A1mDbHcED6qxtpaeho20dHDHDSxtEbY2Ns0NOLLX8K4A2bWalz3vmEbYg55vgF/6naL+y4/NtaSw2eMuTcmdHUVPE+ZzaVojjYAGNYLAACwA9MKJ02fw3lk/5lKj56KF7iS50YJKh9QYBcjB9F85b3Nn0FfUUSz6nY0ljb2Vb13WJGvbEbNBz5LKhrJnMfucDYGyqVdVzV1TM2d5s0424K3ePUpSLKfFEjHVyPlnilkaRs3Cx9VD6zWRuiaGkF4vuzwuTVJXU3hCI2sLXOScd1CwyOfIdxvdetTQk+Ry2W9YSLPmsCBdD4xnhKPDbjlD3EA28l0tHN7Bg23N1i85wuWaRwAzytYkdcZ5VMOWdEg+QNYBu91xVFQHEgFaJZHXIvhYNAuT3WyK+TFvRnc4EHha2RSVPj09M4CobE57Ra+ewXRIdsZI5XJSl1LrkrYnOH8S9++GAjPuV2+NUpy+70c3kWOEejyqoDzO8ybi8k3LuVrBsVP9dsEXVFa1lw1xD7eRIubKBtlc18OFjijXCXJaxjITQsVq9GZkkmkqhoxwmhv5Sl2VIAHKaEjygGhJ3CaegCEIQAhK6aAB+UpXTQqBXyg8oKQRgaYOEJFQI//Z
