##Wei Ma Automobile Shen Hui: New Car enterprise only three can survive, Wei Ma, Wei Lai and Xiao Peng

Micro-signal, Rancaijing

A feature presentation, a daily in depth report, redefines the innovation economy.

Original by ran CAIJING

By Zhao Lei

Editor | Zhou Changfan

The car industry has been hit hard by the sudden outbreak, with 76 per cent of respondents to a recent survey by Geshe Auto, an industry body, saying they would change their car purchase plans, cancel or postpone them in the current circumstances. But for the already depressed new energy automobile industry, is even worse.

On February 26, Caijing held an online salon with the theme focused on the car manufacturing industry. The theme was shared by Mr. Bao Yi, the founder, chairman and Chairman of CEO  , and Mr. Bao Yi, the chairman of Caijing, and he shulong, the editor in chief of Caijing, had a dialogue.

"although it is difficult in the short term, we should still have confidence in new energy vehicles in the long term, " said Shen Hui, who is optimistic and firmly believes that new energy vehicles are the trend and the future.

•76 percent of the respondents said they would adjust, cancel or postpone their car purchase plans under the current circumstances. The launch of new cars was affected by the postponement of the auto show

• there will be a retaliatory increase in private car consumption after the outbreak, as well as more requirements for some health-related functions in the car;

• emphasizing online capabilities, contactless services and the digital deployment of production processes;

• If you haven't actually mass-produced them yet, deliver at least 5,000 to 10,000, otherwise it will be difficult;

• A TESLA MODEL 3 trip to China would be good for the industry as a whole, raising awareness of new energy vehicles;

• VEIMA is confident it will be the world's first truly full-year profitable new-car Company, and hopes to beat Tesla to profitability.

•76 percent of the respondents said they would adjust, cancel or postpone their car purchase plans under the current circumstances. The launch of new cars was affected by the postponement of the auto show

• there will be a retaliatory increase in private car consumption after the outbreak, as well as more requirements for some health-related functions in the car;

• emphasizing online capabilities, contactless services and the digital deployment of production processes;

• If you haven't actually mass-produced them yet, deliver at least 5,000 to 10,000, otherwise it will be difficult;

• A TESLA MODEL 3 trip to China would be good for the industry as a whole, raising awareness of new energy vehicles;

• VEIMA is confident it will be the world's first truly full-year profitable new-car Company, and hopes to beat Tesla to profitability.

Here is Shen Hui's detailed sharing at the fuel Finance Salon:

The epidemic has had a big impact

But it won't shake the fundamentals of new-energy vehicles

WILMA motors was founded in 2015, the name actually has a connotation, we are Chinese and foreign language at the same time, in German stands for "world champion" , because we believe, in the future, the world champion of smart electric new energy vehicles will be born in China. At the same time, the name also implies our core concept, one is pure electric, two is intelligent, Veima not only has self-driving ability, in the smart cabin is also outstanding, just voice, you can do it all in one sentence.

You will now be more concerned about the epidemic, for our auto industry, there is no doubt that the impact is very big.

First of all, the car manufacturing is very complex, must have a production base under the line, which is critical to product quality stability, user experience, of course, the most important is the cost of production pressure. From the client side, the car is the biggest piece of consumer goods, and the chances of a complete online transaction are not high. We still have to go to the entity store and offline store to understand. There are also various services such as license plate, State Subsidy and land subsidy when a transaction is made, can only be handled offline, offline stores can not open on the sale of services very big.

According to a recent survey by the industry's leading authority, autoworld, 76 percent of respondents said they would adjust their car purchase plans, cancel or postpone them under the current circumstances. Affected by the epidemic, the timing of the Beijing auto show has not been set, it was the biggest launch of the year for new cars, including two of our Veima models, which were supposed to be unveiled at the Beijing Auto Show, but were also derailed.

Of course, this crisis is also an opportunity. Because when winter comes, the base will survive and grow, so we feel this is an opportunity to upgrade the industry. In addition, according to the experience of SARS, after the epidemic, the consumption of private cars will have a retaliatory increase. People are still worried about public transportation, including public transportation and subways, there will also be greater demands on some of the health-related functions in the car.

From a long-term macro perspective, the development of new energy vehicles will not change in a big direction. This is a national strategy, which involves our energy security; from the perspective of industrial upgrading, due to the limited engine and gearbox technology in the field of traditional automobiles, the gap with foreign countries is still relatively large, so we must change the track and switch to a new energy vehicle, because we are in the same starting line with the most advanced foreign enterprises in battery, motor and electronic control, the government will continue to give a lot of support to the industry.

So while it may be difficult in the short term, in the long term we need to have faith in new energy vehicles.

Focus on online capabilities

Promotion of contactless services

I've worked in a lot of Fortune 500 companies, and when we started, we weren't the strongest on a scale of 0 to 1, but on a scale of 1 to 1,000, we had some experience, including how to survive when the whole thing was really hard.

We all know that cash flow is important. It is a litmus test of a company's ability to survive in exceptional circumstances. For Wilma, after going through the early stages of financing, we began to emphasize fine operation and cash flow management last year, it's important for a team to think every day about how to ensure our revenue, what needs to be done and what can be done in terms of financial output.

At present, many companies emphasize online capabilities. From the first day of Weimar, employees are scattered all over the country. We have gradually built up online capabilities, including various meetings, approval processes, video, audio and other means, many of the online tools such as wechat and nail nail are available, and we can work anywhere with a mobile phone, from R & D teams, supply chain management teams and service sales teams have become accustomed to working online.

On user services, we are also pushing contactless services, such as online car viewing. We have contactless sales in Beijing and Shanghai. Users want to take a test drive. We send the car to a designated location and send a special code with our mobile phone, drive, test run, return the car is contactless; after the order, also to the user designated location, contactless to do a good license plate to the user, most of the process can be completed online.

In addition to the online office, our company has long emphasized digital, including research and development, design, for example, students in different places can use AR to review different design processes, our supply chain management, manufacturing system and order system are all digital, in particular a set of C2M system, according to the needs of different users, directly on the digital assembly line and supply chain to provide about 1,500 new car options, an average of six weeks to deliver.

In team management, we attach great importance to the management of the number of personnel. The idea is that "fewer people make better work" . No matter the situation is good or bad, there are fewer people to do the work, efficiency is high, the organizational structure can be flat, and there is less resistance to the implementation of company strategy, problems can also be found in time to turn the ship around, so in the recruitment process we have to consider whether we need to recruit these people, which are our core competencies, which can be docked to suppliers or partners to do. The small number of people is an important reason for keeping our company relatively stable in this epidemic.

The epidemic has brought great difficulties, in this extraordinary period, I think we as entrepreneurs, but also to wake up the entrepreneur in the body gene. I think it's interesting to say, in Operation Red Sea, don't be afraid of it, stress will make you more focused. We have to believe that China's economic wheel will not stop, let us together to recharge it.

Dialogue Shen Hui:

The new cars are hitting the traditional car market

Fuel Economy: After several years of rapid development, the new car industry is now entering a complex phase. On the one hand, product delivery, market acceptance in the rise, on the other hand, the entire industry is also facing a variety of problems. What do you think will be the focus of competition among new car makers for some time to come? What kind of business can run out?

Shen Hui: First of all, what can run out must be the products with accurate positioning. Our product is located in the medium market, not directly to do luxury cars, because in China, the largest market for passenger cars are basically in our current competition in the a-class market, a + class market, 100,000 to 150,000 is China's largest market segment, so we cut in on the first day. Second, I don't think there is much competition among new car manufacturers, because everyone is not too big at the beginning, so we can only say that companies without sales and products are very difficult to survive at the present stage, and they were OK in the early days, but the competition between the surviving companies that can actually deliver mass production doesn't really matter, because the market isn't winner take all. What matters is who can grab a share in the traditional car market, wHO's GONNA get out.

Burning Finance: You say only three new car companies will survive in the future. which three?

Shen Hui: Definitely Have Wei Ma, the second I think Xiao Peng, possibly still have Wei Lai. It's personal. Everyone's saying different, but I think WILMA's GonNa make it.

Fuel Finance and Economics: compared with Wei Lai, Xiao Peng, ideal and other competitors, what do you think the strengths and weaknesses of Weima respectively?

Shen Hui: I personally have one of the biggest differences from the founders of other new car-making forces that I have experienced. In fact, after the WTO was opened, many foreign giants rushed in to make cars. Objectively speaking, the products and technology of Volkswagen at that time had a clear advantage over the domestic saic, but after so many years of change, in fact, the car and Volkswagen's products in the technology is not too big gap, sales are more rapid growth of SAIC. The gap between us and Tesla now is not nearly as big as the gap between SAIC and Volkswagen. I think technically, in our niche market, we're no worse than Tesla, we're just better than Tesla, brand awareness is relatively low, channel has not been paved, attention is not enough.

A couple of other start-ups, they have a better internet background than I do. Our products are better because we have years of experience with the world's most sophisticated smart hardware, smart electric cars, and have a lot of understanding of this complex industrial and consumer product, we may be able to innovate faster in the future. But a few opponents they are very good, our marketing, brand, traffic management can learn from them, I think we are trying to make this pie big, these families can get a lot of benefits.

Fuel Economy: The auto industry has been sluggish in the last two years, and the decline in domestic passenger car sales is expected to reach a recent record in January and February this year. Against this background, will the 2020 period for new car manufacturers also be difficult? What's your assessment?

Shen Hui: I think this issue is certain. New Car manufacturers will have a hard time in 2020. First, the economy is relatively uncertain. Then, the auto industry as a whole is also relatively depressed under the epidemic. In fact, we already had this judgment last year, i just didn't see it coming. In that case, if you haven't actually mass-produced it, you have to deliver at least 5,000 to 10,000 units, otherwise it's going to be difficult.

But we also have to judge two points. One is that winner-takes-all will not appear in this industry. The second is that resources will definitely be concentrated in the head enterprises. Therefore, the head enterprises still have certain advantages and rush to a new peak, because the whole new energy market is also growing fast.

Burning Finance: when it comes to new cars, there is always a lot of bad news about new cars made in the past year. How long do you think it will take for the new car's charging, battery life, safety, price and other pain points to be resolved?

Shen Hui: First of all, I think the smart electric car is a new track. It's impossible to overtake on a curve. New Track, new industry, there must be all kinds of problems, I think the Internet age, users have any problems we can see in time, can change is a good thing. Including the new applications, and the new ecology of charging, battery life, safety and price, and these issues are reflected, so we can solve them in time, so I think we have a lot of problems, that we can solve if we're faced with and willing to invest resources in ecology, you can change if you want.

Tesla's entry into China will do more good than harm

Finance: Talk About Tesla. Over the past year, Tesla's business has grown rapidly, and it has made significant inroads in China, where its share price has recently soared and its market capitalisation has briefly topped $160bn, making it the second largest car company in the world after Toyota. What do you see in this aggressive opponent? Where does Wilma need to learn from Tesla?

Shen Hui: This is a very good question, Tesla. We have been paying attention to it. It is the object of our study. First they All in pure electric car I think is very right, this technology path is very right, and proved intelligent pure electric car is correct. Second, they have a certain sense of the ecological construction of charging, although generally dare not do, because charging pile experience is good, but the assets are heavier.

What do we at Wilma have to learn? First of all, the founders have to learn from musk. Their fundamentals have been improving for a while. Although many people think he hasn't made a profit yet, in fact, his products are getting better and better, his product Matrix is getting richer, and his gross margin is improving, on the technical side, autopilot and smart cockpits are also making good progress, and we're also looking at some of their electronic layouts. But I think it's very important to learn from them to make a good product and to get a foothold before they come in.

Fuel Economy: Do you agree that the localization of the Tesla Model 3 is "the wolf has come" for other new car manufacturers? What is WILMA's Competitive Strategy Against Tesla?

Shen Hui: I don't think the MODEL 3 will be a problem for other auto companies. First of all, Tesla's coming to China is good for the whole industry, because our share of new energy vehicles in the overall passenger vehicle market is still relatively low. Last year, China's automobile association counted more than 25 million new vehicle sales, $1.2 million for a new-energy car. We may not think so, but ordinary people don't know much about new energy. When Tesla becomes an Internet sensation, consumers will pay more attention to new energy vehicles.

The first competitive strategy is that the products should do well in the fast-track card position. In our mainstream market, it is certainly impossible for us to have it all by ourselves in the future, or to develop together. Because the automobile product is too complex, it can meet the needs of users in too wide a range, it's hard to have a product that meets most of the needs of all users. So we think, under favorable circumstances, we should do a good job in the product, in our market segment to make explosive.

Tesla's entry into China is good for the industry, but in terms of specific products, the model 3 has a strong impact on the same price range. Does that mean that domestic new car manufacturers in this range are under greater threat?

Shen Hui: I think the lethality is actually quite good. In this market segment, the model 3 did not actually reduce prices, a common industry practice that involved dispensing reductions. The first cut was for two very important features. The second cut was for charging services, which were said to be worth $8,000. Overall or more advantages than disadvantages, the entire industry more attention, the cake will be made bigger, we all benefit, or to rob the gasoline car market.

VEIMA is confident to become the world's first profitable car company

Fuel Finance and Economics: Weima is the first domestic bicycle manufacturer in 2019(ahead of Weilai and Xiaopeng) , or the second in cumulative delivery (after Weilai) , compared with achievements and status, veima seems to be a bit "low key" in terms of volume and brand. What do you think Wilma did right to achieve these results? "low-key" is the active choice or passive state?

Shen Hui: Our main input is around products, around product creation, mainly design and R & D; And around product manufacturing, mainly supply chain management and factory management, we are the only new car company to have its own car factory, its own battery factory, and have the production qualification, and around the product operation, how we go through the channels to serve customers.

Our team or engineer thinking is stronger, product thinking is stronger. On the positive side, we can basically do everything we talk about, but because of this, we usually do it first before we talk about it. It feels low-key. This may be a manifestation of a relatively heavy engineering culture. We also really need to let more people know our brand, know our product advantage, this may be low-key not too good side.

Fuel Economy: We are concerned about the recent launch of VEIMA VR car watching and live selling, some people will think that this is the car factory playing a gimmick, the current "no-contact selling" way to try how effective? Do you think selling cars online will become mainstream in the future?

Shen Hui: the effect of our contactless car sales was quite good at the beginning. Many users can understand the products through VR and live broadcast online. If they really need to take a test drive, there are also contactless ways. If the deal is finally done, there are non-contact ways, which are good in the short term. I think selling cars online will still be very important in the future. It may not become mainstream in the short term, but our target customers are new youth. The younger generation is already familiar with the online market, so it's also very important to experience cars online and understand cars, there's certainly a lot of room for improvement.

Fuel Finance and Economics: In addition, Veima also launched a "hardware + services" "Veima direct purchase" new retail model, the current achievements of how? Do you think the new retail will gradually become the main driving force for new energy vehicle companies?

Shen Hui: The new retail mode of hardware plus service direct purchase by Weima has received a good response since its launch. At present, there are already thousands of orders, and high-intention users have already broken through more than 10,000. I think this is a very special new retail model, it's not zero down payment, it's hardware installment plan. This is our hardware plus services, users with Wilma direct business relations, and the subsequent service stickiness, has been with users a lot of interaction. I think it's a really workable model that can be a booster for a car company.

Fuel Finance and Economics: In addition to making cars and selling cars, Veima is also promoting travel services, how is the current progress? Is it true that some people think that new car companies travel because they can't sell their cars? How important is the future of travel business to new car manufacturers?

Shen Hui: I don't agree with that. We only did a little. It's not our main energy. We make trips for two reasons. One is that we firmly believe that the products used for travel are different from our private cars, but we don't have enough data and enough understanding, we don't know what products, what scenarios, and what features are needed to make a trip, so we make trips to accumulate this data and help us really meet the differentiated needs of our users for trips and cars.

Second, our brand is undoubtedly very new, only started to deliver cars in September 18, many of the means of travel exposed will let users experience, whether it is online car rental, or self-driving car rental, is Very important for us to convert to private car users.

BURN FINANCE: Burn money and loss is the new car business model is the most criticized point, veima motor so far burned how much money? According to your plan, how much more will it cost? What do you need to make a profit?

Shen Hui: First of all, we burn how much money is not revealed, because we are definitely not ranked in the top two, we are ranked relatively behind. For now, we are confident that we will be the first truly profitable new car company in the world, and we want to stay ahead of Tesla, and we believe we can.

That's why I just talked about the ability to fine-tune operations, because you've been in 1 to 1,000 companies for a long time, and you face the fundamentals every day. The fundamentals are just a few points, cash flow management, gross margin management, net interest rate management, sales growth management, product management, in the face of these things, these are our strengths, so we are very confident.

* in-depth reports on the "Innovative Economic War Disease Plan" and the Salon documentary can be read on the public menu "war disease plan" .

What are some of the ways you've tried to buy a car online? How has it been?

Feel free to leave a comment in the comments section, and we'll send you an Iqiyi month card from one of the top three likes (over 20) . Original article reprint please click on the public menu "reprint cooperation. ".

First-hand Information / Hard Core Report / daily Red Envelope / offline activities! All that's missing is you! Speed Up Wechat rancaijing02 reply "reader" one button on the car!

What are some of the ways you've tried to buy a car online? How has it been?

Feel free to leave a comment in the comments section, and we'll send you an Iqiyi month card from one of the top three likes (over 20) . Original article reprint please click on the public menu "reprint cooperation. ".

First-hand Information / Hard Core Report / daily Red Envelope / offline activities! All that's missing is you! Speed Up Wechat rancaijing02 reply "reader" one button on the car!

I think I'm watching it

WECHAT SWEEPS UP Praise for author

####Send it to the author

People Admire

Long-press the QR code to transfer the funds to me

WECHAT's iOS version of the APP has been turned off to support public accounts through Qr code transfers due to apple's new rules.

Go to "discover"-"take a look" browse "friends watching"

Sent

####Send it to take a look

Sending

A scan of wechat
Pay attention to the account


-------------
title: Wei Ma Automobile Shen Hui: New Car enterprise only three can survive, Wei Ma, Wei Lai and Xiao Peng
source: Burning Finance
authors: _
editors: _
proofreader: _
photographer: _
translator: _
via: https://github.com/2019ncovmemory/nCovMemory
link: https://mp.weixin.qq.com/s/sIFmEZs7mCKJL1iRyfei-Q
archive: http://archive.ph/Pz0v3
snapshot: https://github.com/2019ncovmemory/nCovMemory/blob/master/archive/jpg/2228.jpg
lead: VEIMA is not much worse than Tesla in the market segment, and is confident to become the world's first profitable new car manufacturer.
cover: data:image/jpeg;base64,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
