##Diary of the outbreak | Day thirty-six of the siege of Wuhan

Plantifulsoul

Introduction to behindmylife

2020.2.27

A new round of rain cooling is expected to last a week, yesterday it was obvious that the north wind was blowing outside the window, the trees downstairs were rustling in the wind, the leaves fell to the ground, the flower beds opened a few pink roses, was wet all night, the petals are scattered all over the place, leaving only the drooping bud; the Camellia, by contrast, is more resistant to the wind, and its flowering season is unaffected, and it blooms in the rain and the wind.

This round of cooling is not particularly cold, the lowest temperature is still more than 10 degrees, unlike Xi'an, after the heating in March, if suddenly a few waves of spring cold, the temperature can fall to zero, cold let people at home wrapped cotton-padded jacket open heating. It used to be said that there was no spring in Wuhan, running from winter to summer. In fact, the description of Xi'an is also appropriate. In late April, it became hot, dry and sun-dried, with little precipitation. Young people who are not afraid of the cold went straight from sweaters to short sleeves.

Our community has launched a new group purchase program, the entire community together ordered too much food, according to the building separate purchase, but also convenient statistics and collection. Since netizens responded that buying food was too expensive and they could not afford to eat, the price of the supermarket package has dropped significantly in the past few days. The aquatic products have not exceeded 100, the portion of the vegetable mix has become smaller, and households are no longer forced to place orders of 5 Jin 10 Jin, and the price has also been reduced to double digits accordingly.

Originally, the children's mother who organized the group purchase of vegetables was sandwiched between the community and the merchants. Because the quality of the vegetables was not good, it caused disputes among the residents. They should feel very aggrieved. In the group, she said that she would not be responsible for group purchase of vegetables in the future. Each building would contact itself and send the vegetables to the owner when they reached 1,000 yuan, the problem is that each building is very difficult to raise a full 1000 yuan, some families eat slowly, buy a vegetable can eat for 10 days and a half months, demand for fresh vegetables is very low. Back to the chat records, AH, at this time why bother haggling with the neighbors again, although everyone has repeatedly stressed that it is not aimed at the child's mother, constantly sending photos and voice messages in the group, saying that the quality of the food is not good, and asking for a refund, the child's mother will feel somewhat sorry for herself, i think vegetables can eat on the bar, there is no high demand, eat before buying, although I got the package is also very unhappy, privately and family members to complain about the shop.

The latest solution is to go directly to the large-scale supermarket for purchasing. At this time, we find it difficult to reconcile the needs of different households. It is our turn to compile orders for our buildings, all kinds of requests have come out: condiments, yogurt, stationery, milk powder diapers, pet cans, and so on. Some residents have also designated brands and sent pictures in the group. As long as the yogurt is anmuxi original flavor, please take two boxes. The building manager's statistics are somewhat speechless, reply is as satisfying as possible.

Our Unit has launched a new wechat group, selecting building directors and volunteers to help carry the goods. A friend has an electric bicycle at home. He pressed a hook at the back of the bike and changed it into a temporary delivery trolley, said if there was a big one, he'd take it down and help. I especially regret not having bought a small trailer to buy food for my family. I used to hate that it was used exclusively by old ladies and men. Now I find that no matter I go to the supermarket to buy things in the early days, or I go downstairs to get group shopping materials, a small car with wheels would be much more convenient.

Shunfeng and EMS in Wuhan are one of the few logistics that are still in business. I asked our street vendor, Shunfeng. He said that it is very difficult to deliver goods. The personal pieces outside the city can not be sent out, and the goods are received normally. The same city can deliver them to the gate of the residential area the next day, out-of-province packages are a little slower. I quickly bought rice and coffee on Taobao. I was looking for sellers in the same city. Before I placed an order, I needed to communicate with customer service. Some particularly large stores, such as Cai Linji, although the warehouses and stores are all in Wuhan, they don't deliver either, only a small shop may be changed to send Shunfeng, this afternoon carrying 10 Jin of rice home, heart is feeling why not buy a trolley.

The box of horses seems to have increased a lot of units, my friends and I all got a single, although there are a lot of expired products in the shopping cart, at least we can buy daily necessities, now it is not easy to buy a roll of toothpaste and Toothbrush, I was hungry yesterday and grabbed a roll of paper, when my father saw it, he said, "Oh, a card is not a good deal, you should buy B card. " I said that I would be satisfied if I could get a roll of paper. At this time, it was difficult to choose a brand. If I hesitated for a few minutes, I might not even be able to grab this in my hand.

Like Meituan and guerrilla warfare, some convenience stores are still closed in the morning, quietly open at noon and in the afternoon, and then close for a few minutes after that, or the distribution area is narrowed down, and one minute they can be delivered to our neighborhood, out of range after refresh. I called the seller once, and he said the machine couldn't respond because of the order. Just a few minutes of business, the backstage brush is all orders, hurriedly closed, first put the hand of the single package, and then re-open the door according to the remaining inventory orders. I especially like to eat the convenience store's white waxy corn, sweet taste, than ordinary sweet corn chewiness, yesterday suddenly brushed near Today to sell frozen white corn, quickly bought more than a dozen frozen.

My friend is really clever and skillful. Today, she started making dumplings and making pot stickers. I said, where did you get the dumpling skins? Did you buy them at the box horse? She said she bought 15 catties of flour at home, and then rolled them into dumpling skins. I said your family still has a rolling pin, we do not want to roll out the tools, friends said she took the bottle, sprinkled with raw flour, made of dough is also very uniform. A few days ago, she tried to use a mixer to grind rice flour, want to make wide flour and Rice Husk, the machine grinding out of flour is not delicate, large particles, and finally mixed with hot water into rice and rice for breakfast.

She prepared the stewed meat and Vermicelli stuffed with dried bean curd, fried a large plate of frost-flower pot stickers, and froze them up. She also told me that it was difficult to buy dried bean curd now, "there was a bag of dried in front of me, I did not cherish, all cut dumplings, now want to eat can not buy" , I said you simply take the beans to do their own, authentic, bean dregs do Tofu, soy milk for breakfast to drink. A friend said that there was not enough soybeans at home. Years ago, she fried a lot of them as snacks. In the next few days, she went to the box of horses to see if she could get them. I sent her a series of likes, "Must Grab, I mentally wish you success, you do more delicious food hair group friends, stimulate me to cook in the kitchen. ".

Originally thought that now back to Xi'an does not need to quarantine another 14 days, to the designated institutions to do a nucleic acid test can go to work. Several colleagues rushed back to do a nucleic acid test. The result was that the property again called them to quarantine at home, signed an informed letter of home quarantine, and allowed one person to go downstairs every three days to buy supplies. If one person lived alone, a list was given to the property, the property agent helped to buy and put it on the doorstep. The colleague was very speechless. He thought he could go directly to the unit. He had no preparation for eating. He knew he couldn't escape from the isolation for half a month. The box must have been fully stocked with dry food in advance. He shared it with others. self-isolation is even more troublesome, request not to contact with other people, usually roommates at home, colleagues even do not dare to go out of the room, wash gargle stagger, life garbage 2-3 days to dump again.

The global spread of pneumonia, more and more countries have confirmed cases, Japan, South Korea, Iran, Italy are the worst-hit areas overseas. At this time, the public opinion turned around quietly and began to report that our control was quite effective. A large number of netizens were worried about other countries, straight-o. Let's see how it works. Learn it. Quite repugnant many people say "Japan and South Korea quick copy homework" , "why not copy off-the-peg Homework" , including the initial proposal "Hubei quick copy next door Henan Homework" . Copying Homework is also copying homework, our performance before and after can only count as a crane tail, not pass at all, every step is to make up for the mistakes made before, other countries have what reason to learn from our approach. The scar is not good, forget pain, anything can dig out "Great Power Confidence" , "national pride" , be proud of the superiority and pride of the brain, still trapped in the home of the compatriots encounter unconscious.

Over the past two days, there have been several major reports. After reading "no surprise, " using the traditional Chinese family metaphor, parents are willing to do everything for their children. They plan everything from birth, and plan everything along the way, as long as the children are well-behaved, is it good to grow up in the direction that parents want, yes, as long as parents think it's good, as long as it's good for their kids, they'll do everything they can to create the conditions, and if there are multiple kids in the family, if there's an accident, or if resources are tight, parents who can't satisfy all their children take it for granted to focus their resources on raising one or two children, so long as the end result is good, and some children become the cream of the crop.

Because a certain episode of a podcast, Spotify was blocked by a wall, and many people who couldn't hear the song cursed the podcast and the host, causing a lot of harm. They had to collectively give bad reviews. They were all pigs in a pigsty, farmers who didn't hog the herd, on the contrary, some pigs were so lively and active that they always wanted to run out of the farm, causing the other pigs to be rounded up. It seems very inappropriate to compare us to pigs, but now the price of pigs is so expensive, each one has become a baby, think of it is not particularly excessive ha ha ha.

Watching the press conference in Zhong Nanshan in the morning, and expecting the epidemic to last until the end of April, my friends and I were so cold that we couldn't cry. Jpg, it seems that before the gossip is not too false, originally felt sealed to March 10 has been far away, counting down the calendar countdown, to let Wuhan people endure until April, how many normal people are holding out psychological problems. Our BICHON had not been to the park for a long time, and the dog was very homely, and it was perfectly fine for us to stay at home. We also used to hold the dog in our arms and stand by the window for fresh air. There was a large pure black dog in the community, standing up to the height of an adult, black hair smooth water, all over the tendon meat, this period of time do not let downstairs, the dog should be bored to start demolition bar. Several Times I went downstairs to get some things, and I heard some people in my neighborhood singing Karaoke and playing music and dancing in the square. I regret that I didn't buy the switch years ago. Otherwise, I could at least play games at home. My friends bought the switch and the PROJECTOR, and I didn't have the heart to buy a fitness ring, now high prices are hard to find, on behalf of the purchase said out of stock, we talked about the game and fitness ring is extremely upset, "are poor harm us. ".

I've always loved asms on Youtube, no talking, two or three hours of super long video straight in the background, and these days I've fallen in love with Cosmetic Destruction as, nail Polish... most of the people who do damage to cosmetics are Korean bloggers, I Guess Korea can buy very cheap cosmetics, destroyed not too much pain, eye shadow in the video a few plates of shovel, lipstick placed in the shape of love, a crush dozens at a time, it's a waste of time. It's very stress-relieving.

In both the MI o Tsukushi Ryōrijō and the SP, cooked meat, Haru Kuroki, Haru Kuroki, Juri Ueno, and Yuriko Yoshitaka are my personal favorites, all of whom have not particularly delicate facial features, but have an expansive temperament, it makes you want to be close. The latter two are still in contact with Hiroshi Tamaki, and in the tree is his noda sister, with whom he had an affair. Haru Kuroki's classic style, too suited to Kimono modeling, is the heart of many people Showa wife template. In the emperor's Cook, where she plays the wife behind the chef, Mi o Tsukushi Ryōrijō is finally cooking for itself, as a well known female chef of the Edo era, Mio, who has an extraordinary talent for and love of cooking, repeatedly with the strength of the female craftsman can also make amazing cuisine, the master of seasoning, plate design even better. I recommend MI o Tsukushi Ryōrijō, the Zephyr food drama, the warm everyday wind, which is a condensed version of the morning show.

In 2019, the SP writers tore down the real CP, and the male host respected MIO's cooking dream, proposing to break off the marriage and marry another woman arranged by the general, but the cult I was standing with, mio and Nojiang, their childhood playmate, had met a fortune teller, mr Noe, who said nozoe had a "sunrise" mandate, was taken away to become Yoshiwara's most famous flower boss, Takashi Asahi, while mio was given a "sky above the clouds" Sudden Impact. In SP's next "Sakura feast, " Mio created a table of flower banquets inspired by Mio, who decided to save up to 4,000 taels of gold to redeem himself for Mio; Mio, as he was being heckled by other chefs, used Wako Solutions, mio's sister and growth lines are better than the love triangle.

The movie version is starring Kitagawa Jingzi, and I think it's made by Haru Kuroki Mio, but the movie version's Rogai (Kotani Shisui Pear) is eye catching, and Kotani has bright features and a round face that suits the makeup of her white face and red lips, into the sea glass son is not enough atmosphere, looking at the total a bit bitter, has been heavy clothes and headdress pressure, can not support the "first flower leader" title.

The mainland version of Keiko Kitagawa's the woman who sold the house, the latest hit home invasion, stars Betty Sun, who watches half of the episode and has no problem with the actors, is a long story. The original is full of Japanese human interest, and after being funny, there is a positive energy behind it. "settling in" is not only embarrassing but also embarrassing. Chinese and Japanese real estate agents are two completely different groups of people. It is better to dig out the stories from the real life of local real estate agents, another stove creation, now neither fish nor fowl, Japan and South Korea adaptation can see very little, hard to set up local stage in other people's culture. In addition, the scriptwriter of professional drama always feels to have never been to work formally, the workplace that clap is real in reality to exist.

Rereading the book, I still can not understand the man's desire to nurture the woman and the manipulative and manipulative relationship between the two sides. When the man talks about his willing fall, I am filled with black question marks, but the writing is too lovely, i couldn't help but watch from the sidelines: "My feelings for her, like a cat's eyes, can change several times a night. ".

2020.2.27

A new round of rain cooling is expected to last a week, yesterday it was obvious that the north wind was blowing outside the window, the trees downstairs were rustling in the wind, the leaves fell to the ground, the flower beds opened a few pink roses, was wet all night, the petals are scattered all over the place, leaving only the drooping bud; the Camellia, by contrast, is more resistant to the wind, and its flowering season is unaffected, and it blooms in the rain and the wind.

This round of cooling is not particularly cold, the lowest temperature is still more than 10 degrees, unlike Xi'an, after the heating in March, if suddenly a few waves of spring cold, the temperature can fall to zero, cold let people at home wrapped cotton-padded jacket open heating. It used to be said that there was no spring in Wuhan, running from winter to summer. In fact, the description of Xi'an is also appropriate. In late April, it became hot, dry and sun-dried, with little precipitation. Young people who are not afraid of the cold went straight from sweaters to short sleeves.

Our community has launched a new group purchase program, the entire community together ordered too much food, according to the building separate purchase, but also convenient statistics and collection. Since netizens responded that buying food was too expensive and they could not afford to eat, the price of the supermarket package has dropped significantly in the past few days. The aquatic products have not exceeded 100, the portion of the vegetable mix has become smaller, and households are no longer forced to place orders of 5 Jin 10 Jin, and the price has also been reduced to double digits accordingly.

Originally, the children's mother who organized the group purchase of vegetables was sandwiched between the community and the merchants. Because the quality of the vegetables was not good, it caused disputes among the residents. They should feel very aggrieved. In the group, she said that she would not be responsible for group purchase of vegetables in the future. Each building would contact itself and send the vegetables to the owner when they reached 1,000 yuan, the problem is that each building is very difficult to raise a full 1000 yuan, some families eat slowly, buy a vegetable can eat for 10 days and a half months, demand for fresh vegetables is very low. Back to the chat records, AH, at this time why bother haggling with the neighbors again, although everyone has repeatedly stressed that it is not aimed at the child's mother, constantly sending photos and voice messages in the group, saying that the quality of the food is not good, and asking for a refund, the child's mother will feel somewhat sorry for herself, i think vegetables can eat on the bar, there is no high demand, eat before buying, although I got the package is also very unhappy, privately and family members to complain about the shop.

The latest solution is to go directly to the large-scale supermarket for purchasing. At this time, we find it difficult to reconcile the needs of different households. It is our turn to compile orders for our buildings, all kinds of requests have come out: condiments, yogurt, stationery, milk powder diapers, pet cans, and so on. Some residents have also designated brands and sent pictures in the group. As long as the yogurt is anmuxi original flavor, please take two boxes. The building manager's statistics are somewhat speechless, reply is as satisfying as possible.

Our Unit has launched a new wechat group, selecting building directors and volunteers to help carry the goods. A friend has an electric bicycle at home. He pressed a hook at the back of the bike and changed it into a temporary delivery trolley, said if there was a big one, he'd take it down and help. I especially regret not having bought a small trailer to buy food for my family. I used to hate that it was used exclusively by old ladies and men. Now I find that no matter I go to the supermarket to buy things in the early days, or I go downstairs to get group shopping materials, a small car with wheels would be much more convenient.

Shunfeng and EMS in Wuhan are one of the few logistics that are still in business. I asked our street vendor, Shunfeng. He said that it is very difficult to deliver goods. The personal pieces outside the city can not be sent out, and the goods are received normally. The same city can deliver them to the gate of the residential area the next day, out-of-province packages are a little slower. I quickly bought rice and coffee on Taobao. I was looking for sellers in the same city. Before I placed an order, I needed to communicate with customer service. Some particularly large stores, such as Cai Linji, although the warehouses and stores are all in Wuhan, they don't deliver either, only a small shop may be changed to send Shunfeng, this afternoon carrying 10 Jin of rice home, heart is feeling why not buy a trolley.

The box of horses seems to have increased a lot of units, my friends and I all got a single, although there are a lot of expired products in the shopping cart, at least we can buy daily necessities, now it is not easy to buy a roll of toothpaste and Toothbrush, I was hungry yesterday and grabbed a roll of paper, when my father saw it, he said, "Oh, a card is not a good deal, you should buy B card. " I said that I would be satisfied if I could get a roll of paper. At this time, it was difficult to choose a brand. If I hesitated for a few minutes, I might not even be able to grab this in my hand.

Like Meituan and guerrilla warfare, some convenience stores are still closed in the morning, quietly open at noon and in the afternoon, and then close for a few minutes after that, or the distribution area is narrowed down, and one minute they can be delivered to our neighborhood, out of range after refresh. I called the seller once, and he said the machine couldn't respond because of the order. Just a few minutes of business, the backstage brush is all orders, hurriedly closed, first put the hand of the single package, and then re-open the door according to the remaining inventory orders. I especially like to eat the convenience store's white waxy corn, sweet taste, than ordinary sweet corn chewiness, yesterday suddenly brushed near Today to sell frozen white corn, quickly bought more than a dozen frozen.

My friend is really clever and skillful. Today, she started making dumplings and making pot stickers. I said, where did you get the dumpling skins? Did you buy them at the box horse? She said she bought 15 catties of flour at home, and then rolled them into dumpling skins. I said your family still has a rolling pin, we do not want to roll out the tools, friends said she took the bottle, sprinkled with raw flour, made of dough is also very uniform. A few days ago, she tried to use a mixer to grind rice flour, want to make wide flour and Rice Husk, the machine grinding out of flour is not delicate, large particles, and finally mixed with hot water into rice and rice for breakfast.

She prepared the stewed meat and Vermicelli stuffed with dried bean curd, fried a large plate of frost-flower pot stickers, and froze them up. She also told me that it was difficult to buy dried bean curd now, "there was a bag of dried in front of me, I did not cherish, all cut dumplings, now want to eat can not buy" , I said you simply take the beans to do their own, authentic, bean dregs do Tofu, soy milk for breakfast to drink. A friend said that there was not enough soybeans at home. Years ago, she fried a lot of them as snacks. In the next few days, she went to the box of horses to see if she could get them. I sent her a series of likes, "Must Grab, I mentally wish you success, you do more delicious food hair group friends, stimulate me to cook in the kitchen. ".

Originally thought that now back to Xi'an does not need to quarantine another 14 days, to the designated institutions to do a nucleic acid test can go to work. Several colleagues rushed back to do a nucleic acid test. The result was that the property again called them to quarantine at home, signed an informed letter of home quarantine, and allowed one person to go downstairs every three days to buy supplies. If one person lived alone, a list was given to the property, the property agent helped to buy and put it on the doorstep. The colleague was very speechless. He thought he could go directly to the unit. He had no preparation for eating. He knew he couldn't escape from the isolation for half a month. The box must have been fully stocked with dry food in advance. He shared it with others. self-isolation is even more troublesome, request not to contact with other people, usually roommates at home, colleagues even do not dare to go out of the room, wash gargle stagger, life garbage 2-3 days to dump again.

The global spread of pneumonia, more and more countries have confirmed cases, Japan, South Korea, Iran, Italy are the worst-hit areas overseas. At this time, the public opinion turned around quietly and began to report that our control was quite effective. A large number of netizens were worried about other countries, straight-o. Let's see how it works. Learn it. Quite repugnant many people say "Japan and South Korea quick copy homework" , "why not copy off-the-peg Homework" , including the initial proposal "Hubei quick copy next door Henan Homework" . Copying Homework is also copying homework, our performance before and after can only count as a crane tail, not pass at all, every step is to make up for the mistakes made before, other countries have what reason to learn from our approach. The scar is not good, forget pain, anything can dig out "Great Power Confidence" , "national pride" , be proud of the superiority and pride of the brain, still trapped in the home of the compatriots encounter unconscious.

Over the past two days, there have been several major reports. After reading "no surprise, " using the traditional Chinese family metaphor, parents are willing to do everything for their children. They plan everything from birth, and plan everything along the way, as long as the children are well-behaved, is it good to grow up in the direction that parents want, yes, as long as parents think it's good, as long as it's good for their kids, they'll do everything they can to create the conditions, and if there are multiple kids in the family, if there's an accident, or if resources are tight, parents who can't satisfy all their children take it for granted to focus their resources on raising one or two children, so long as the end result is good, and some children become the cream of the crop.

Because a certain episode of a podcast, Spotify was blocked by a wall, and many people who couldn't hear the song cursed the podcast and the host, causing a lot of harm. They had to collectively give bad reviews. They were all pigs in a pigsty, farmers who didn't hog the herd, on the contrary, some pigs were so lively and active that they always wanted to run out of the farm, causing the other pigs to be rounded up. It seems very inappropriate to compare us to pigs, but now the price of pigs is so expensive, each one has become a baby, think of it is not particularly excessive ha ha ha.

Watching the press conference in Zhong Nanshan in the morning, and expecting the epidemic to last until the end of April, my friends and I were so cold that we couldn't cry. Jpg, it seems that before the gossip is not too false, originally felt sealed to March 10 has been far away, counting down the calendar countdown, to let Wuhan people endure until April, how many normal people are holding out psychological problems. Our BICHON had not been to the park for a long time, and the dog was very homely, and it was perfectly fine for us to stay at home. We also used to hold the dog in our arms and stand by the window for fresh air. There was a large pure black dog in the community, standing up to the height of an adult, black hair smooth water, all over the tendon meat, this period of time do not let downstairs, the dog should be bored to start demolition bar. Several Times I went downstairs to get some things, and I heard some people in my neighborhood singing Karaoke and playing music and dancing in the square. I regret that I didn't buy the switch years ago. Otherwise, I could at least play games at home. My friends bought the switch and the PROJECTOR, and I didn't have the heart to buy a fitness ring, now high prices are hard to find, on behalf of the purchase said out of stock, we talked about the game and fitness ring is extremely upset, "are poor harm us. ".

I've always loved asms on Youtube, no talking, two or three hours of super long video straight in the background, and these days I've fallen in love with Cosmetic Destruction as, nail Polish... most of the people who do damage to cosmetics are Korean bloggers, I Guess Korea can buy very cheap cosmetics, destroyed not too much pain, eye shadow in the video a few plates of shovel, lipstick placed in the shape of love, a crush dozens at a time, it's a waste of time. It's very stress-relieving.

In both the MI o Tsukushi Ryōrijō and the SP, cooked meat, Haru Kuroki, Haru Kuroki, Juri Ueno, and Yuriko Yoshitaka are my personal favorites, all of whom have not particularly delicate facial features, but have an expansive temperament, it makes you want to be close. The latter two are still in contact with Hiroshi Tamaki, and in the tree is his noda sister, with whom he had an affair. Haru Kuroki's classic style, too suited to Kimono modeling, is the heart of many people Showa wife template. In the emperor's Cook, where she plays the wife behind the chef, Mi o Tsukushi Ryōrijō is finally cooking for itself, as a well known female chef of the Edo era, Mio, who has an extraordinary talent for and love of cooking, repeatedly with the strength of the female craftsman can also make amazing cuisine, the master of seasoning, plate design even better. I recommend MI o Tsukushi Ryōrijō, the Zephyr food drama, the warm everyday wind, which is a condensed version of the morning show.

In 2019, the SP writers tore down the real CP, and the male host respected MIO's cooking dream, proposing to break off the marriage and marry another woman arranged by the general, but the cult I was standing with, mio and Nojiang, their childhood playmate, had met a fortune teller, mr Noe, who said nozoe had a "sunrise" mandate, was taken away to become Yoshiwara's most famous flower boss, Takashi Asahi, while mio was given a "sky above the clouds" Sudden Impact. In SP's next "Sakura feast, " Mio created a table of flower banquets inspired by Mio, who decided to save up to 4,000 taels of gold to redeem himself for Mio; Mio, as he was being heckled by other chefs, used Wako Solutions, mio's sister and growth lines are better than the love triangle.

The movie version is starring Kitagawa Jingzi, and I think it's made by Haru Kuroki Mio, but the movie version's Rogai (Kotani Shisui Pear) is eye catching, and Kotani has bright features and a round face that suits the makeup of her white face and red lips, into the sea glass son is not enough atmosphere, looking at the total a bit bitter, has been heavy clothes and headdress pressure, can not support the "first flower leader" title.

The mainland version of Keiko Kitagawa's the woman who sold the house, the latest hit home invasion, stars Betty Sun, who watches half of the episode and has no problem with the actors, is a long story. The original is full of Japanese human interest, and after being funny, there is a positive energy behind it. "settling in" is not only embarrassing but also embarrassing. Chinese and Japanese real estate agents are two completely different groups of people. It is better to dig out the stories from the real life of local real estate agents, another stove creation, now neither fish nor fowl, Japan and South Korea adaptation can see very little, hard to set up local stage in other people's culture. In addition, the scriptwriter of professional drama always feels to have never been to work formally, the workplace that clap is real in reality to exist.

Rereading the book, I still can not understand the man's desire to nurture the woman and the manipulative and manipulative relationship between the two sides. When the man talks about his willing fall, I am filled with black question marks, but the writing is too lovely, i couldn't help but watch from the sidelines: "My feelings for her, like a cat's eyes, can change several times a night. ".

A new round of rain cooling is expected to last a week, yesterday it was obvious that the north wind was blowing outside the window, the trees downstairs were rustling in the wind, the leaves fell to the ground, the flower beds opened a few pink roses, was wet all night, the petals are scattered all over the place, leaving only the drooping bud; the Camellia, by contrast, is more resistant to the wind, and its flowering season is unaffected, and it blooms in the rain and the wind.

This round of cooling is not particularly cold, the lowest temperature is still more than 10 degrees, unlike Xi'an, after the heating in March, if suddenly a few waves of spring cold, the temperature can fall to zero, cold let people at home wrapped cotton-padded jacket open heating. It used to be said that there was no spring in Wuhan, running from winter to summer. In fact, the description of Xi'an is also appropriate. In late April, it became hot, dry and sun-dried, with little precipitation. Young people who are not afraid of the cold went straight from sweaters to short sleeves.

Our community has launched a new group purchase program, the entire community together ordered too much food, according to the building separate purchase, but also convenient statistics and collection. Since netizens responded that buying food was too expensive and they could not afford to eat, the price of the supermarket package has dropped significantly in the past few days. The aquatic products have not exceeded 100, the portion of the vegetable mix has become smaller, and households are no longer forced to place orders of 5 Jin 10 Jin, and the price has also been reduced to double digits accordingly.

Originally, the children's mother who organized the group purchase of vegetables was sandwiched between the community and the merchants. Because the quality of the vegetables was not good, it caused disputes among the residents. They should feel very aggrieved. In the group, she said that she would not be responsible for group purchase of vegetables in the future. Each building would contact itself and send the vegetables to the owner when they reached 1,000 yuan, the problem is that each building is very difficult to raise a full 1000 yuan, some families eat slowly, buy a vegetable can eat for 10 days and a half months, demand for fresh vegetables is very low. Back to the chat records, AH, at this time why bother haggling with the neighbors again, although everyone has repeatedly stressed that it is not aimed at the child's mother, constantly sending photos and voice messages in the group, saying that the quality of the food is not good, and asking for a refund, the child's mother will feel somewhat sorry for herself, i think vegetables can eat on the bar, there is no high demand, eat before buying, although I got the package is also very unhappy, privately and family members to complain about the shop.

The latest solution is to go directly to the large-scale supermarket for purchasing. At this time, we find it difficult to reconcile the needs of different households. It is our turn to compile orders for our buildings, all kinds of requests have come out: condiments, yogurt, stationery, milk powder diapers, pet cans, and so on. Some residents have also designated brands and sent pictures in the group. As long as the yogurt is anmuxi original flavor, please take two boxes. The building manager's statistics are somewhat speechless, reply is as satisfying as possible.

Our Unit has launched a new wechat group, selecting building directors and volunteers to help carry the goods. A friend has an electric bicycle at home. He pressed a hook at the back of the bike and changed it into a temporary delivery trolley, said if there was a big one, he'd take it down and help. I especially regret not having bought a small trailer to buy food for my family. I used to hate that it was used exclusively by old ladies and men. Now I find that no matter I go to the supermarket to buy things in the early days, or I go downstairs to get group shopping materials, a small car with wheels would be much more convenient.

Shunfeng and EMS in Wuhan are one of the few logistics that are still in business. I asked our street vendor, Shunfeng. He said that it is very difficult to deliver goods. The personal pieces outside the city can not be sent out, and the goods are received normally. The same city can deliver them to the gate of the residential area the next day, out-of-province packages are a little slower. I quickly bought rice and coffee on Taobao. I was looking for sellers in the same city. Before I placed an order, I needed to communicate with customer service. Some particularly large stores, such as Cai Linji, although the warehouses and stores are all in Wuhan, they don't deliver either, only a small shop may be changed to send Shunfeng, this afternoon carrying 10 Jin of rice home, heart is feeling why not buy a trolley.

The box of horses seems to have increased a lot of units, my friends and I all got a single, although there are a lot of expired products in the shopping cart, at least we can buy daily necessities, now it is not easy to buy a roll of toothpaste and Toothbrush, I was hungry yesterday and grabbed a roll of paper, when my father saw it, he said, "Oh, a card is not a good deal, you should buy B card. " I said that I would be satisfied if I could get a roll of paper. At this time, it was difficult to choose a brand. If I hesitated for a few minutes, I might not even be able to grab this in my hand.

Like Meituan and guerrilla warfare, some convenience stores are still closed in the morning, quietly open at noon and in the afternoon, and then close for a few minutes after that, or the distribution area is narrowed down, and one minute they can be delivered to our neighborhood, out of range after refresh. I called the seller once, and he said the machine couldn't respond because of the order. Just a few minutes of business, the backstage brush is all orders, hurriedly closed, first put the hand of the single package, and then re-open the door according to the remaining inventory orders. I especially like to eat the convenience store's white waxy corn, sweet taste, than ordinary sweet corn chewiness, yesterday suddenly brushed near Today to sell frozen white corn, quickly bought more than a dozen frozen.

My friend is really clever and skillful. Today, she started making dumplings and making pot stickers. I said, where did you get the dumpling skins? Did you buy them at the box horse? She said she bought 15 catties of flour at home, and then rolled them into dumpling skins. I said your family still has a rolling pin, we do not want to roll out the tools, friends said she took the bottle, sprinkled with raw flour, made of dough is also very uniform. A few days ago, she tried to use a mixer to grind rice flour, want to make wide flour and Rice Husk, the machine grinding out of flour is not delicate, large particles, and finally mixed with hot water into rice and rice for breakfast.

She prepared the stewed meat and Vermicelli stuffed with dried bean curd, fried a large plate of frost-flower pot stickers, and froze them up. She also told me that it was difficult to buy dried bean curd now, "there was a bag of dried in front of me, I did not cherish, all cut dumplings, now want to eat can not buy" , I said you simply take the beans to do their own, authentic, bean dregs do Tofu, soy milk for breakfast to drink. A friend said that there was not enough soybeans at home. Years ago, she fried a lot of them as snacks. In the next few days, she went to the box of horses to see if she could get them. I sent her a series of likes, "Must Grab, I mentally wish you success, you do more delicious food hair group friends, stimulate me to cook in the kitchen. ".

Originally thought that now back to Xi'an does not need to quarantine another 14 days, to the designated institutions to do a nucleic acid test can go to work. Several colleagues rushed back to do a nucleic acid test. The result was that the property again called them to quarantine at home, signed an informed letter of home quarantine, and allowed one person to go downstairs every three days to buy supplies. If one person lived alone, a list was given to the property, the property agent helped to buy and put it on the doorstep. The colleague was very speechless. He thought he could go directly to the unit. He had no preparation for eating. He knew he couldn't escape from the isolation for half a month. The box must have been fully stocked with dry food in advance. He shared it with others. self-isolation is even more troublesome, request not to contact with other people, usually roommates at home, colleagues even do not dare to go out of the room, wash gargle stagger, life garbage 2-3 days to dump again.

The global spread of pneumonia, more and more countries have confirmed cases, Japan, South Korea, Iran, Italy are the worst-hit areas overseas. At this time, the public opinion turned around quietly and began to report that our control was quite effective. A large number of netizens were worried about other countries, straight-o. Let's see how it works. Learn it. Quite repugnant many people say "Japan and South Korea quick copy homework" , "why not copy off-the-peg Homework" , including the initial proposal "Hubei quick copy next door Henan Homework" . Copying Homework is also copying homework, our performance before and after can only count as a crane tail, not pass at all, every step is to make up for the mistakes made before, other countries have what reason to learn from our approach. The scar is not good, forget pain, anything can dig out "Great Power Confidence" , "national pride" , be proud of the superiority and pride of the brain, still trapped in the home of the compatriots encounter unconscious.

Over the past two days, there have been several major reports. After reading "no surprise, " using the traditional Chinese family metaphor, parents are willing to do everything for their children. They plan everything from birth, and plan everything along the way, as long as the children are well-behaved, is it good to grow up in the direction that parents want, yes, as long as parents think it's good, as long as it's good for their kids, they'll do everything they can to create the conditions, and if there are multiple kids in the family, if there's an accident, or if resources are tight, parents who can't satisfy all their children take it for granted to focus their resources on raising one or two children, so long as the end result is good, and some children become the cream of the crop.

Because a certain episode of a podcast, Spotify was blocked by a wall, and many people who couldn't hear the song cursed the podcast and the host, causing a lot of harm. They had to collectively give bad reviews. They were all pigs in a pigsty, farmers who didn't hog the herd, on the contrary, some pigs were so lively and active that they always wanted to run out of the farm, causing the other pigs to be rounded up. It seems very inappropriate to compare us to pigs, but now the price of pigs is so expensive, each one has become a baby, think of it is not particularly excessive ha ha ha.

Watching the press conference in Zhong Nanshan in the morning, and expecting the epidemic to last until the end of April, my friends and I were so cold that we couldn't cry. Jpg, it seems that before the gossip is not too false, originally felt sealed to March 10 has been far away, counting down the calendar countdown, to let Wuhan people endure until April, how many normal people are holding out psychological problems. Our BICHON had not been to the park for a long time, and the dog was very homely, and it was perfectly fine for us to stay at home. We also used to hold the dog in our arms and stand by the window for fresh air. There was a large pure black dog in the community, standing up to the height of an adult, black hair smooth water, all over the tendon meat, this period of time do not let downstairs, the dog should be bored to start demolition bar. Several Times I went downstairs to get some things, and I heard some people in my neighborhood singing Karaoke and playing music and dancing in the square. I regret that I didn't buy the switch years ago. Otherwise, I could at least play games at home. My friends bought the switch and the PROJECTOR, and I didn't have the heart to buy a fitness ring, now high prices are hard to find, on behalf of the purchase said out of stock, we talked about the game and fitness ring is extremely upset, "are poor harm us. ".

I've always loved asms on Youtube, no talking, two or three hours of super long video straight in the background, and these days I've fallen in love with Cosmetic Destruction as, nail Polish... most of the people who do damage to cosmetics are Korean bloggers, I Guess Korea can buy very cheap cosmetics, destroyed not too much pain, eye shadow in the video a few plates of shovel, lipstick placed in the shape of love, a crush dozens at a time, it's a waste of time. It's very stress-relieving.

In both the MI o Tsukushi Ryōrijō and the SP, cooked meat, Haru Kuroki, Haru Kuroki, Juri Ueno, and Yuriko Yoshitaka are my personal favorites, all of whom have not particularly delicate facial features, but have an expansive temperament, it makes you want to be close. The latter two are still in contact with Hiroshi Tamaki, and in the tree is his noda sister, with whom he had an affair. Haru Kuroki's classic style, too suited to Kimono modeling, is the heart of many people Showa wife template. In the emperor's Cook, where she plays the wife behind the chef, Mi o Tsukushi Ryōrijō is finally cooking for itself, as a well known female chef of the Edo era, Mio, who has an extraordinary talent for and love of cooking, repeatedly with the strength of the female craftsman can also make amazing cuisine, the master of seasoning, plate design even better. I recommend MI o Tsukushi Ryōrijō, the Zephyr food drama, the warm everyday wind, which is a condensed version of the morning show.

In 2019, the SP writers tore down the real CP, and the male host respected MIO's cooking dream, proposing to break off the marriage and marry another woman arranged by the general, but the cult I was standing with, mio and Nojiang, their childhood playmate, had met a fortune teller, mr Noe, who said nozoe had a "sunrise" mandate, was taken away to become Yoshiwara's most famous flower boss, Takashi Asahi, while mio was given a "sky above the clouds" Sudden Impact. In SP's next "Sakura feast, " Mio created a table of flower banquets inspired by Mio, who decided to save up to 4,000 taels of gold to redeem himself for Mio; Mio, as he was being heckled by other chefs, used Wako Solutions, mio's sister and growth lines are better than the love triangle.

The movie version is starring Kitagawa Jingzi, and I think it's made by Haru Kuroki Mio, but the movie version's Rogai (Kotani Shisui Pear) is eye catching, and Kotani has bright features and a round face that suits the makeup of her white face and red lips, into the sea glass son is not enough atmosphere, looking at the total a bit bitter, has been heavy clothes and headdress pressure, can not support the "first flower leader" title.

The mainland version of Keiko Kitagawa's the woman who sold the house, the latest hit home invasion, stars Betty Sun, who watches half of the episode and has no problem with the actors, is a long story. The original is full of Japanese human interest, and after being funny, there is a positive energy behind it. "settling in" is not only embarrassing but also embarrassing. Chinese and Japanese real estate agents are two completely different groups of people. It is better to dig out the stories from the real life of local real estate agents, another stove creation, now neither fish nor fowl, Japan and South Korea adaptation can see very little, hard to set up local stage in other people's culture. In addition, the scriptwriter of professional drama always feels to have never been to work formally, the workplace that clap is real in reality to exist.

Rereading the book, I still can not understand the man's desire to nurture the woman and the manipulative and manipulative relationship between the two sides. When the man talks about his willing fall, I am filled with black question marks, but the writing is too lovely, i couldn't help but watch from the sidelines: "My feelings for her, like a cat's eyes, can change several times a night. ".

Go to "discover"-"take a look" browse "friends watching"

Sent

####Send it to take a look

Sending

A scan of wechat
Pay attention to the account


-------------
title: Diary of the outbreak | Day thirty-six of the siege of Wuhan
source: PlantifulSoul
authors: _
editors: _
proofreader: _
photographer: _
translator: _
via: https://github.com/2019ncovmemory/nCovMemory
link: https://mp.weixin.qq.com/s/xiI1ew1rXaBqDF62npEO7g
archive: http://archive.ph/2HoM5
snapshot: https://github.com/2019ncovmemory/nCovMemory/blob/master/archive/jpg/2232.jpg
lead: Keep recording.
cover: data:image/jpeg;base64,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
