##Diary of the outbreak | the third day of the siege of Wuhan

Plantifulsoul

Introduction to behindmylife

2020.1.25

On the third day of the closing of the city, there was a continuous drizzle, damp and cold. For the past two days, I haven't left my house, I've been told that the cross-river traffic has been suspended, Hankou, Hanyang and Wuchang have been separated, separated and controlled, standing by the window in the morning, for 15 minutes, there isn't a car on the road, traffic control has been implemented on the road like in the old days when there was a marathon, the whole road is closed, we passed a blue coat delivery guy who looked like he was hungry or a box horse, and thanks to these guys, he insisted on making the delivery, rain or shine.

The neighborhood is very quiet. I specifically looked at the lighting situation last night. In fact, there are quite a number of residents. 70-80% of their homes are lit up. In previous years, on the first day of the New Year, they would be awakened early in the morning by the New Year greetings downstairs. There were people who were anxious to get on the expressway and go back to their hometown in the neighborhood, there were visits from relatives and friends, and there was also a shopping trip. This morning, there was no movement, only the sound of cleaning workers dragging garbage cans. Suddenly, there were some missing children who were chattering. I felt noisy before, which affected my sleeping in late, and now I want them to make some noise, even if it's just the voice of the man next door.

I just laughed at the donation of Film and Television works by the State Administration of Radio, Film and Television, which was intended to enrich everyone's spiritual and cultural life. Suddenly, maybe it makes sense. Everyone was forced to stay at home and needed something to relieve their pressure. I had bought movie tickets for the first day of the Chinese New Year, and I also applied for a withdrawal, there was a flurry of news, positive discussion, and pointless angst, and I was about to forget what it was like to laugh after I'd finished this article and watched a bit of comedy.

Yesterday, I wanted to write a diary, but I felt that it was the New Year's Eve. Although I didn't feel happy about the new year, I didn't want to over-spread negative emotions and increase the pressure on others.

There is no anger, only silence, helplessness and powerlessness. Mom and dad were on duty at the hospital. Photos were sent on the way. The streets were empty and covered with fallen leaves and branches. After the city was sealed off, they walked to the hospital every day. Fortunately, their home was close by. They walked for more than half an hour to the hospital, just to keep fit and healthy, but many doctors and nurses who live far away (especially after the river crossing was closed) had a hard time getting to and from work. Public transport was stagnant and there was no taxi to call. Taxi drivers, seeing that they were hospital passengers, all refused to take orders. If I were them, heart early cool half, take life every day on duty, travel can not guarantee.

The closure of the city was so hasty, how doctors solved the problem of travel, how patients with acute illnesses sought help, how other staff members went to work, and a series of question marks were coldly thrown into the faces of people in Wuhan. Everyone was at a loss and did not know what to do, except for Weibo, the micro-channel, which issued a cry for help, there's no other way to do this right now.
Last night, my mom said there were pictures from the medical group, doctors and nurses who couldn't come home easily could stay at a hotel nearby, and there was a list, and it got around on twitter, but they had to bring four sets of toiletries, because the cleaning crew was on vacation.

Medical supplies are still in short supply, and the safety of medical workers is not guaranteed at all. I am very nervous watching my parents go to the hospital on duty every day, for fear that they will be infected. I also use ordinary protective masks, and only one is issued a day when I am most in need, see Dozens of patients can not change, hard to continue to receive treatment, test box every hospital is missing, because the CDC, sometimes very clear in front of the patient is pneumonia, can not be diagnosed, can only prescribe some medicine notice home observation.

At present, people in Wuhan are in general panic. They all run to the hospital with some symptoms, asking for examinations and films. The hospital is even more overburdened and already full of patients. All other departments have been cleared to treat patients with fever. All those who can be discharged from the hospital have asked to be discharged, it's ironic and absurd that a hospital, once a place to save lives, is now a place of concentrated infection.

Every day I send my parents Wechat "you pay attention to safety, do not be infected" . My classmate's mother is also a doctor. One of her patients has a high fever for several days. Please come to the smoking specialist for consultation. The specialist said several times that it is not pneumonia, the day before yesterday, she forced the patient to go for a test. The result was no doubt pneumonia. The classmate's mother went home from yesterday and began to isolate herself in the small room. She was not allowed to be approached by her family. On the eve of the Lunar New Year, all meals were carried in with a mask and gloves. She closed the door and ate them alone, my classmate has been in a state of anxiety and anxiety on wechat. This morning, I heard her mother cough a few times, said that her throat was uncomfortable and her eyes were frightened to burst into tears. She also said that she herself had a bit of headache and had diarrhea. She ate two Berberberine tablets, i and another classmate take turns to advise, more rest, eat well, all right, do not scare themselves, in fact, we both have no bottom, can only pretend to relax comfort.

There are January to Wuhan training colleagues, is the home of the New Year, I also fancy remind him not to go out, pay attention to observe, must eat delicious. If anything should happen, the whole company and the project would be quarantined, and he had written a fact sheet and promised not to leave the house without visiting relatives.

Last night, Weibo went crazy with several Tongji, Xiehe Hospital dinner pictures, are all instant noodles biscuit Yolk Pie, after watching the video, I can not say a word, just said that adequate supplies, to ensure market supply, the reality has repeatedly hit the face. My parents hospital can also eat frozen dumplings, slightly better, but are very helpless, because all overtime, consumption fast, do not know when to eat, restaurants are closed outside, take-out also dare not to the hospital delivery. My mother had an order for a box of horses yesterday, and she wrote the wrong address and sent it to the hospital. He refused to send the box of horses to the hospital. He told her to go out and get it. He felt that her life was in danger, so I thought it would be a good idea for Weibo to have a proposal. The hospital should set up a quarantine area for centralized delivery, even if it's a small table, everyone is normal, I can understand why he doesn't want to be near the hospital, make a safe area, let them send the rest assured.

Since the closure of the city, many colleagues from other places are concerned about whether we have enough stock in our home. At present, it is not a problem to hold on for a week. Just yesterday, I confirmed with the Hema store that most of the goods are adequate and may be less green leafy vegetables, but there is insufficient capacity offline, i can only wear a mask to buy at home, I never add any store group, group purchase group, now in order to eat at home normal, I put my mother into the box horse store group, pay attention to the customer service sent the first message, zhongbaiwu business these large supermarkets are also normal opening, root vegetables are more adequate, but the nearby vegetable market, fresh shops are not open, may be the fifth day after the resumption of business.

Although Shang Chao has stocks, they are still afraid to go out and buy things, because once they are heat-transferred, there is basically nothing they can do but take medicine at home and self-heal. My parents say everyday that I am not immune to look at it, and take huge risks to go back to Wuhan for the New Year, in case the infection is not worth the loss; coupled with the city after the epidemic has not improved, these days, but worse, the entire city in the semi-paralyzed state of neglect.

I just saw several news reports on the transportation of supplies, the first thing is to ensure the supply goes first, the Green Channel is urgent and so on, I hope it can really be delivered in time, yesterday a colleague wanted to send me a mask, because I said that my parents are on duty in the hospital, they don't have a mask, i was worried every day. My colleague called Jd.com and SF Feng. They didn't pick up their mail when they sent them to Wuhan. After running several SF Feng spots, I finally found a young man who was willing to accept them. But there was no guarantee of the time limit or whether there would be any delivery from Wuhan. Whether or not I get the mask in time, I am grateful to my colleague for finding that the package is on its way, for the collective silence of the epidemic, for the disappointment of being touched by the ordinary people around me.

There are still a lot of good crying place, my cat sent to foster care, only prepared 10 days of cat food, yesterday and the hospital said sorry, may not be able to go back on time to pick up the cat, I will Taobao buy food to send, please take care of them a few days. The hospital let me rest assured, told me to wear a mask, do not go out, they send cat video every day, are watching the cat grow up, as a son. "You are at ease in Wuhan, the cat we look at it" , see the wechat response, I repeated thank you, thank you too, in the mind big stone also finally fell a piece.

On the evening of the New Year's Eve, I was not in the mood to watch the Spring Festival gala. On the stage, the big red symbol of happiness, the applause and smiling faces of the host and the audience formed a sharp contrast with my city. On one side was a cheerful song and dance performance, on one side are the doctors'cries of collapse, the construction workers who work overtime day and night, the patients who have no cure... These are two very different worlds, and I am torn in two, on wechat, friends from all over the world grab red envelopes, Send New Year greetings and send New Year's Eve dinner pictures. Half of me is mechanically replying "thank you! Happy New Year to you, too" , the other half of me just wants to keep up to date with the latest developments in the epidemic, and the rest have nothing to do with me.

In the morning, I saw many people calling for mild and suspected patients to be quarantined at home. The home is safer than the hospital. Objectively speaking, the hospital is now full and there is no proper isolation protection. It is indeed dangerous, but in the face of a large number of patients seeking medical treatment in panic, i really, really want people to be empathetic, because they have a right to be scared, because they don't know what's going on, because they don't know what's going on, because they don't know what's going on, because they don't have the confidence, because isolation at home might be equivalent to dying at home, it's like asking them to draw lots to decide whether they and their families will live or die. Many people just want to be reassured. If they can't rule out the possibility of pneumonia as soon as possible, urging patients not to go out and wait at home, no doubt telling them that the hospital has collapsed, why don't you just save yourselves.

I agree to triage some patients, such as those with flu and common fever, to the nearest community hospital for treatment, and to improve the treatment and education of community clinics and health stations, rather than pushing these patients away rudely, even if they are arranged to go home to be isolated, must also advance the popular science of how scientific isolation, how to sterilize ventilation in the home, how patients take medicine, observe the state of the disease.

Wuhan, which concentrates most of the resources of Hubei Province, has come to this point. I can not imagine the current situation in the surrounding cities. Medical resources are even more scarce, grassroots education is not in place, and most villagers are careless and have no awareness of protection, infection symptoms do not timely medical treatment, take a fever medicine "pressure" (of course, the county hospital is not able to cure) , these cities in the eye "Wuhan refueling, Wuhan help" in the shadow of the quiet sinking.

Many of my classmates are from the surrounding cities, they are staying in other places, but my parents are still in their hometown, watching their anxious friends circle to relay the news of the epidemic, and appealing for donations. Even just seeing the increasing number of cases, I feel suffocated, it's like being pinched in the nose and mouth, let alone in the field, can only voice and video attention to the situation of their family. Small places dare not get sick, dare not fall down, because the clear level of medical care is no guarantee, can only insist, only insist.

In the morning, we already had a big sister with a megaphone shouting: Don't go out, contact the community property immediately if you have fever symptoms, but in your parents'hometown, there is still a lack of notice and publicity, not to mention the availability of face masks, disinfectants, alcohol pads and other protective equipment. In the countryside, people like to gather for mass activities, drink a little wine, play cards and play Mahjong, and there is no shortage of people from Wuhan working to return home. Now it's all up to us to send out wechat and make phone calls: Don't go out, don't go out, don't go out, don't go out, and still have to make every effort to make sure that they really carry out, sometimes all it takes is yelling at people over the phone, forcing them to take it seriously.

Seeing that no one was wearing a mask for the Spring Festival gala last night, and the closed space was full of spectators, and I didn't even mention strengthening the protection, I felt even more powerless in my heart. In the countryside, I prefer to watch TV, and often a village would get together to watch the Spring Festival gala by eating melon seeds, in the limited information available to them, they could not see the latest development of the epidemic, could not see the correct protection of science, only the family happy performances, only the embarrassed pieces of the script, only the big group of red.

On Weibo, I also saw many people saying that following the epidemic and celebrating the Spring Festival gala is not a conflict. I can not suspend all entertainment activities because of the spread of pneumonia. So I chose to remain silent on the eve of the Lunar New Year, no matter whether it is other netizens, both my parents need positive energy, physical health is important, mental and emotional stability. Online video of doctors and nurses crying, is the collapse of despair, but also many people, bit by bit by panic, from the inside out collapse, collapsed into pieces of sand.

Last night I had a drink with my parents, I wished them a happy new year and peace and security, I also pasted new Fu characters and couplets at home, I seriously aligned the Spring Festival couplets, for the first time, it was so ritualistic, it felt like I was trying to glue two "myself" into one, in a sea of oppression. There is also some good news today. Assistance is arriving in Wuhan one after another. All parties are working overtime on production and construction. Although some scars will take a lifetime to heal, I also believe that tomorrow will definitely be better.

Thanks to all the friends who send you their concern and help, I wish you a happy new year and a happy rat year!

2020.1.25

On the third day of the closing of the city, there was a continuous drizzle, damp and cold. For the past two days, I haven't left my house, I've been told that the cross-river traffic has been suspended, Hankou, Hanyang and Wuchang have been separated, separated and controlled, standing by the window in the morning, for 15 minutes, there isn't a car on the road, traffic control has been implemented on the road like in the old days when there was a marathon, the whole road is closed, we passed a blue coat delivery guy who looked like he was hungry or a box horse, and thanks to these guys, he insisted on making the delivery, rain or shine.

The neighborhood is very quiet. I specifically looked at the lighting situation last night. In fact, there are quite a number of residents. 70-80% of their homes are lit up. In previous years, on the first day of the New Year, they would be awakened early in the morning by the New Year greetings downstairs. There were people who were anxious to get on the expressway and go back to their hometown in the neighborhood, there were visits from relatives and friends, and there was also a shopping trip. This morning, there was no movement, only the sound of cleaning workers dragging garbage cans. Suddenly, there were some missing children who were chattering. I felt noisy before, which affected my sleeping in late, and now I want them to make some noise, even if it's just the voice of the man next door.

I just laughed at the donation of Film and Television works by the State Administration of Radio, Film and Television, which was intended to enrich everyone's spiritual and cultural life. Suddenly, maybe it makes sense. Everyone was forced to stay at home and needed something to relieve their pressure. I had bought movie tickets for the first day of the Chinese New Year, and I also applied for a withdrawal, there was a flurry of news, positive discussion, and pointless angst, and I was about to forget what it was like to laugh after I'd finished this article and watched a bit of comedy.

Yesterday, I wanted to write a diary, but I felt that it was the New Year's Eve. Although I didn't feel happy about the new year, I didn't want to over-spread negative emotions and increase the pressure on others.

There is no anger, only silence, helplessness and powerlessness. Mom and dad were on duty at the hospital. Photos were sent on the way. The streets were empty and covered with fallen leaves and branches. After the city was sealed off, they walked to the hospital every day. Fortunately, their home was close by. They walked for more than half an hour to the hospital, just to keep fit and healthy, but many doctors and nurses who live far away (especially after the river crossing was closed) had a hard time getting to and from work. Public transport was stagnant and there was no taxi to call. Taxi drivers, seeing that they were hospital passengers, all refused to take orders. If I were them, heart early cool half, take life every day on duty, travel can not guarantee.

The closure of the city was so hasty, how doctors solved the problem of travel, how patients with acute illnesses sought help, how other staff members went to work, and a series of question marks were coldly thrown into the faces of people in Wuhan. Everyone was at a loss and did not know what to do, except for Weibo, the micro-channel, which issued a cry for help, there's no other way to do this right now.
Last night, my mom said there were pictures from the medical group, doctors and nurses who couldn't come home easily could stay at a hotel nearby, and there was a list, and it got around on twitter, but they had to bring four sets of toiletries, because the cleaning crew was on vacation.

Medical supplies are still in short supply, and the safety of medical workers is not guaranteed at all. I am very nervous watching my parents go to the hospital on duty every day, for fear that they will be infected. I also use ordinary protective masks, and only one is issued a day when I am most in need, see Dozens of patients can not change, hard to continue to receive treatment, test box every hospital is missing, because the CDC, sometimes very clear in front of the patient is pneumonia, can not be diagnosed, can only prescribe some medicine notice home observation.

At present, people in Wuhan are in general panic. They all run to the hospital with some symptoms, asking for examinations and films. The hospital is even more overburdened and already full of patients. All other departments have been cleared to treat patients with fever. All those who can be discharged from the hospital have asked to be discharged, it's ironic and absurd that a hospital, once a place to save lives, is now a place of concentrated infection.

Every day I send my parents Wechat "you pay attention to safety, do not be infected" . My classmate's mother is also a doctor. One of her patients has a high fever for several days. Please come to the smoking specialist for consultation. The specialist said several times that it is not pneumonia, the day before yesterday, she forced the patient to go for a test. The result was no doubt pneumonia. The classmate's mother went home from yesterday and began to isolate herself in the small room. She was not allowed to be approached by her family. On the eve of the Lunar New Year, all meals were carried in with a mask and gloves. She closed the door and ate them alone, my classmate has been in a state of anxiety and anxiety on wechat. This morning, I heard her mother cough a few times, said that her throat was uncomfortable and her eyes were frightened to burst into tears. She also said that she herself had a bit of headache and had diarrhea. She ate two Berberberine tablets, i and another classmate take turns to advise, more rest, eat well, all right, do not scare themselves, in fact, we both have no bottom, can only pretend to relax comfort.

There are January to Wuhan training colleagues, is the home of the New Year, I also fancy remind him not to go out, pay attention to observe, must eat delicious. If anything should happen, the whole company and the project would be quarantined, and he had written a fact sheet and promised not to leave the house without visiting relatives.

Last night, Weibo went crazy with several Tongji, Xiehe Hospital dinner pictures, are all instant noodles biscuit Yolk Pie, after watching the video, I can not say a word, just said that adequate supplies, to ensure market supply, the reality has repeatedly hit the face. My parents hospital can also eat frozen dumplings, slightly better, but are very helpless, because all overtime, consumption fast, do not know when to eat, restaurants are closed outside, take-out also dare not to the hospital delivery. My mother had an order for a box of horses yesterday, and she wrote the wrong address and sent it to the hospital. He refused to send the box of horses to the hospital. He told her to go out and get it. He felt that her life was in danger, so I thought it would be a good idea for Weibo to have a proposal. The hospital should set up a quarantine area for centralized delivery, even if it's a small table, everyone is normal, I can understand why he doesn't want to be near the hospital, make a safe area, let them send the rest assured.

Since the closure of the city, many colleagues from other places are concerned about whether we have enough stock in our home. At present, it is not a problem to hold on for a week. Just yesterday, I confirmed with the Hema store that most of the goods are adequate and may be less green leafy vegetables, but there is insufficient capacity offline, i can only wear a mask to buy at home, I never add any store group, group purchase group, now in order to eat at home normal, I put my mother into the box horse store group, pay attention to the customer service sent the first message, zhongbaiwu business these large supermarkets are also normal opening, root vegetables are more adequate, but the nearby vegetable market, fresh shops are not open, may be the fifth day after the resumption of business.

Although Shang Chao has stocks, they are still afraid to go out and buy things, because once they are heat-transferred, there is basically nothing they can do but take medicine at home and self-heal. My parents say everyday that I am not immune to look at it, and take huge risks to go back to Wuhan for the New Year, in case the infection is not worth the loss; coupled with the city after the epidemic has not improved, these days, but worse, the entire city in the semi-paralyzed state of neglect.

I just saw several news reports on the transportation of supplies, the first thing is to ensure the supply goes first, the Green Channel is urgent and so on, I hope it can really be delivered in time, yesterday a colleague wanted to send me a mask, because I said that my parents are on duty in the hospital, they don't have a mask, i was worried every day. My colleague called Jd.com and SF Feng. They didn't pick up their mail when they sent them to Wuhan. After running several SF Feng spots, I finally found a young man who was willing to accept them. But there was no guarantee of the time limit or whether there would be any delivery from Wuhan. Whether or not I get the mask in time, I am grateful to my colleague for finding that the package is on its way, for the collective silence of the epidemic, for the disappointment of being touched by the ordinary people around me.

There are still a lot of good crying place, my cat sent to foster care, only prepared 10 days of cat food, yesterday and the hospital said sorry, may not be able to go back on time to pick up the cat, I will Taobao buy food to send, please take care of them a few days. The hospital let me rest assured, told me to wear a mask, do not go out, they send cat video every day, are watching the cat grow up, as a son. "You are at ease in Wuhan, the cat we look at it" , see the wechat response, I repeated thank you, thank you too, in the mind big stone also finally fell a piece.

On the evening of the New Year's Eve, I was not in the mood to watch the Spring Festival gala. On the stage, the big red symbol of happiness, the applause and smiling faces of the host and the audience formed a sharp contrast with my city. On one side was a cheerful song and dance performance, on one side are the doctors'cries of collapse, the construction workers who work overtime day and night, the patients who have no cure... These are two very different worlds, and I am torn in two, on wechat, friends from all over the world grab red envelopes, Send New Year greetings and send New Year's Eve dinner pictures. Half of me is mechanically replying "thank you! Happy New Year to you, too" , the other half of me just wants to keep up to date with the latest developments in the epidemic, and the rest have nothing to do with me.

In the morning, I saw many people calling for mild and suspected patients to be quarantined at home. The home is safer than the hospital. Objectively speaking, the hospital is now full and there is no proper isolation protection. It is indeed dangerous, but in the face of a large number of patients seeking medical treatment in panic, i really, really want people to be empathetic, because they have a right to be scared, because they don't know what's going on, because they don't know what's going on, because they don't know what's going on, because they don't have the confidence, because isolation at home might be equivalent to dying at home, it's like asking them to draw lots to decide whether they and their families will live or die. Many people just want to be reassured. If they can't rule out the possibility of pneumonia as soon as possible, urging patients not to go out and wait at home, no doubt telling them that the hospital has collapsed, why don't you just save yourselves.

I agree to triage some patients, such as those with flu and common fever, to the nearest community hospital for treatment, and to improve the treatment and education of community clinics and health stations, rather than pushing these patients away rudely, even if they are arranged to go home to be isolated, must also advance the popular science of how scientific isolation, how to sterilize ventilation in the home, how patients take medicine, observe the state of the disease.

Wuhan, which concentrates most of the resources of Hubei Province, has come to this point. I can not imagine the current situation in the surrounding cities. Medical resources are even more scarce, grassroots education is not in place, and most villagers are careless and have no awareness of protection, infection symptoms do not timely medical treatment, take a fever medicine "pressure" (of course, the county hospital is not able to cure) , these cities in the eye "Wuhan refueling, Wuhan help" in the shadow of the quiet sinking.

Many of my classmates are from the surrounding cities, they are staying in other places, but my parents are still in their hometown, watching their anxious friends circle to relay the news of the epidemic, and appealing for donations. Even just seeing the increasing number of cases, I feel suffocated, it's like being pinched in the nose and mouth, let alone in the field, can only voice and video attention to the situation of their family. Small places dare not get sick, dare not fall down, because the clear level of medical care is no guarantee, can only insist, only insist.

In the morning, we already had a big sister with a megaphone shouting: Don't go out, contact the community property immediately if you have fever symptoms, but in your parents'hometown, there is still a lack of notice and publicity, not to mention the availability of face masks, disinfectants, alcohol pads and other protective equipment. In the countryside, people like to gather for mass activities, drink a little wine, play cards and play Mahjong, and there is no shortage of people from Wuhan working to return home. Now it's all up to us to send out wechat and make phone calls: Don't go out, don't go out, don't go out, don't go out, and still have to make every effort to make sure that they really carry out, sometimes all it takes is yelling at people over the phone, forcing them to take it seriously.

Seeing that no one was wearing a mask for the Spring Festival gala last night, and the closed space was full of spectators, and I didn't even mention strengthening the protection, I felt even more powerless in my heart. In the countryside, I prefer to watch TV, and often a village would get together to watch the Spring Festival gala by eating melon seeds, in the limited information available to them, they could not see the latest development of the epidemic, could not see the correct protection of science, only the family happy performances, only the embarrassed pieces of the script, only the big group of red.

On Weibo, I also saw many people saying that following the epidemic and celebrating the Spring Festival gala is not a conflict. I can not suspend all entertainment activities because of the spread of pneumonia. So I chose to remain silent on the eve of the Lunar New Year, no matter whether it is other netizens, both my parents need positive energy, physical health is important, mental and emotional stability. Online video of doctors and nurses crying, is the collapse of despair, but also many people, bit by bit by panic, from the inside out collapse, collapsed into pieces of sand.

Last night I had a drink with my parents, I wished them a happy new year and peace and security, I also pasted new Fu characters and couplets at home, I seriously aligned the Spring Festival couplets, for the first time, it was so ritualistic, it felt like I was trying to glue two "myself" into one, in a sea of oppression. There is also some good news today. Assistance is arriving in Wuhan one after another. All parties are working overtime on production and construction. Although some scars will take a lifetime to heal, I also believe that tomorrow will definitely be better.

Thanks to all the friends who send you their concern and help, I wish you a happy new year and a happy rat year!

On the third day of the closing of the city, there was a continuous drizzle, damp and cold. For the past two days, I haven't left my house, I've been told that the cross-river traffic has been suspended, Hankou, Hanyang and Wuchang have been separated, separated and controlled, standing by the window in the morning, for 15 minutes, there isn't a car on the road, traffic control has been implemented on the road like in the old days when there was a marathon, the whole road is closed, we passed a blue coat delivery guy who looked like he was hungry or a box horse, and thanks to these guys, he insisted on making the delivery, rain or shine.

The neighborhood is very quiet. I specifically looked at the lighting situation last night. In fact, there are quite a number of residents. 70-80% of their homes are lit up. In previous years, on the first day of the New Year, they would be awakened early in the morning by the New Year greetings downstairs. There were people who were anxious to get on the expressway and go back to their hometown in the neighborhood, there were visits from relatives and friends, and there was also a shopping trip. This morning, there was no movement, only the sound of cleaning workers dragging garbage cans. Suddenly, there were some missing children who were chattering. I felt noisy before, which affected my sleeping in late, and now I want them to make some noise, even if it's just the voice of the man next door.

I just laughed at the donation of Film and Television works by the State Administration of Radio, Film and Television, which was intended to enrich everyone's spiritual and cultural life. Suddenly, maybe it makes sense. Everyone was forced to stay at home and needed something to relieve their pressure. I had bought movie tickets for the first day of the Chinese New Year, and I also applied for a withdrawal, there was a flurry of news, positive discussion, and pointless angst, and I was about to forget what it was like to laugh after I'd finished this article and watched a bit of comedy.

Yesterday, I wanted to write a diary, but I felt that it was the New Year's Eve. Although I didn't feel happy about the new year, I didn't want to over-spread negative emotions and increase the pressure on others.

There is no anger, only silence, helplessness and powerlessness. Mom and dad were on duty at the hospital. Photos were sent on the way. The streets were empty and covered with fallen leaves and branches. After the city was sealed off, they walked to the hospital every day. Fortunately, their home was close by. They walked for more than half an hour to the hospital, just to keep fit and healthy, but many doctors and nurses who live far away (especially after the river crossing was closed) had a hard time getting to and from work. Public transport was stagnant and there was no taxi to call. Taxi drivers, seeing that they were hospital passengers, all refused to take orders. If I were them, heart early cool half, take life every day on duty, travel can not guarantee.

The closure of the city was so hasty, how doctors solved the problem of travel, how patients with acute illnesses sought help, how other staff members went to work, and a series of question marks were coldly thrown into the faces of people in Wuhan. Everyone was at a loss and did not know what to do, except for Weibo, the micro-channel, which issued a cry for help, there's no other way to do this right now.

Last night, my mom said there were pictures from the medical group, doctors and nurses who couldn't come home easily could stay at a hotel nearby, and there was a list, and it got around on twitter, but they had to bring four sets of toiletries, because the cleaning crew was on vacation.

Medical supplies are still in short supply, and the safety of medical workers is not guaranteed at all. I am very nervous watching my parents go to the hospital on duty every day, for fear that they will be infected. I also use ordinary protective masks, and only one is issued a day when I am most in need, see Dozens of patients can not change, hard to continue to receive treatment, test box every hospital is missing, because the CDC, sometimes very clear in front of the patient is pneumonia, can not be diagnosed, can only prescribe some medicine notice home observation.

At present, people in Wuhan are in general panic. They all run to the hospital with some symptoms, asking for examinations and films. The hospital is even more overburdened and already full of patients. All other departments have been cleared to treat patients with fever. All those who can be discharged from the hospital have asked to be discharged, it's ironic and absurd that a hospital, once a place to save lives, is now a place of concentrated infection.

Every day I send my parents Wechat "you pay attention to safety, do not be infected" . My classmate's mother is also a doctor. One of her patients has a high fever for several days. Please come to the smoking specialist for consultation. The specialist said several times that it is not pneumonia, the day before yesterday, she forced the patient to go for a test. The result was no doubt pneumonia. The classmate's mother went home from yesterday and began to isolate herself in the small room. She was not allowed to be approached by her family. On the eve of the Lunar New Year, all meals were carried in with a mask and gloves. She closed the door and ate them alone, my classmate has been in a state of anxiety and anxiety on wechat. This morning, I heard her mother cough a few times, said that her throat was uncomfortable and her eyes were frightened to burst into tears. She also said that she herself had a bit of headache and had diarrhea. She ate two Berberberine tablets, i and another classmate take turns to advise, more rest, eat well, all right, do not scare themselves, in fact, we both have no bottom, can only pretend to relax comfort.

There are January to Wuhan training colleagues, is the home of the New Year, I also fancy remind him not to go out, pay attention to observe, must eat delicious. If anything should happen, the whole company and the project would be quarantined, and he had written a fact sheet and promised not to leave the house without visiting relatives.

Last night, Weibo went crazy with several Tongji, Xiehe Hospital dinner pictures, are all instant noodles biscuit Yolk Pie, after watching the video, I can not say a word, just said that adequate supplies, to ensure market supply, the reality has repeatedly hit the face. My parents hospital can also eat frozen dumplings, slightly better, but are very helpless, because all overtime, consumption fast, do not know when to eat, restaurants are closed outside, take-out also dare not to the hospital delivery. My mother had an order for a box of horses yesterday, and she wrote the wrong address and sent it to the hospital. He refused to send the box of horses to the hospital. He told her to go out and get it. He felt that her life was in danger, so I thought it would be a good idea for Weibo to have a proposal. The hospital should set up a quarantine area for centralized delivery, even if it's a small table, everyone is normal, I can understand why he doesn't want to be near the hospital, make a safe area, let them send the rest assured.

Since the closure of the city, many colleagues from other places are concerned about whether we have enough stock in our home. At present, it is not a problem to hold on for a week. Just yesterday, I confirmed with the Hema store that most of the goods are adequate and may be less green leafy vegetables, but there is insufficient capacity offline, i can only wear a mask to buy at home, I never add any store group, group purchase group, now in order to eat at home normal, I put my mother into the box horse store group, pay attention to the customer service sent the first message, zhongbaiwu business these large supermarkets are also normal opening, root vegetables are more adequate, but the nearby vegetable market, fresh shops are not open, may be the fifth day after the resumption of business.

Although Shang Chao has stocks, they are still afraid to go out and buy things, because once they are heat-transferred, there is basically nothing they can do but take medicine at home and self-heal. My parents say everyday that I am not immune to look at it, and take huge risks to go back to Wuhan for the New Year, in case the infection is not worth the loss; coupled with the city after the epidemic has not improved, these days, but worse, the entire city in the semi-paralyzed state of neglect.

I just saw several news reports on the transportation of supplies, the first thing is to ensure the supply goes first, the Green Channel is urgent and so on, I hope it can really be delivered in time, yesterday a colleague wanted to send me a mask, because I said that my parents are on duty in the hospital, they don't have a mask, i was worried every day. My colleague called Jd.com and SF Feng. They didn't pick up their mail when they sent them to Wuhan. After running several SF Feng spots, I finally found a young man who was willing to accept them. But there was no guarantee of the time limit or whether there would be any delivery from Wuhan. Whether or not I get the mask in time, I am grateful to my colleague for finding that the package is on its way, for the collective silence of the epidemic, for the disappointment of being touched by the ordinary people around me.

There are still a lot of good crying place, my cat sent to foster care, only prepared 10 days of cat food, yesterday and the hospital said sorry, may not be able to go back on time to pick up the cat, I will Taobao buy food to send, please take care of them a few days. The hospital let me rest assured, told me to wear a mask, do not go out, they send cat video every day, are watching the cat grow up, as a son. "You are at ease in Wuhan, the cat we look at it" , see the wechat response, I repeated thank you, thank you too, in the mind big stone also finally fell a piece.

On the evening of the New Year's Eve, I was not in the mood to watch the Spring Festival gala. On the stage, the big red symbol of happiness, the applause and smiling faces of the host and the audience formed a sharp contrast with my city. On one side was a cheerful song and dance performance, on one side are the doctors'cries of collapse, the construction workers who work overtime day and night, the patients who have no cure... These are two very different worlds, and I am torn in two, on wechat, friends from all over the world grab red envelopes, Send New Year greetings and send New Year's Eve dinner pictures. Half of me is mechanically replying "thank you! Happy New Year to you, too" , the other half of me just wants to keep up to date with the latest developments in the epidemic, and the rest have nothing to do with me.

In the morning, I saw many people calling for mild and suspected patients to be quarantined at home. The home is safer than the hospital. Objectively speaking, the hospital is now full and there is no proper isolation protection. It is indeed dangerous, but in the face of a large number of patients seeking medical treatment in panic, i really, really want people to be empathetic, because they have a right to be scared, because they don't know what's going on, because they don't know what's going on, because they don't know what's going on, because they don't have the confidence, because isolation at home might be equivalent to dying at home, it's like asking them to draw lots to decide whether they and their families will live or die. Many people just want to be reassured. If they can't rule out the possibility of pneumonia as soon as possible, urging patients not to go out and wait at home, no doubt telling them that the hospital has collapsed, why don't you just save yourselves.

I agree to triage some patients, such as those with flu and common fever, to the nearest community hospital for treatment, and to improve the treatment and education of community clinics and health stations, rather than pushing these patients away rudely, even if they are arranged to go home to be isolated, must also advance the popular science of how scientific isolation, how to sterilize ventilation in the home, how patients take medicine, observe the state of the disease.

Wuhan, which concentrates most of the resources of Hubei Province, has come to this point. I can not imagine the current situation in the surrounding cities. Medical resources are even more scarce, grassroots education is not in place, and most villagers are careless and have no awareness of protection, infection symptoms do not timely medical treatment, take a fever medicine "pressure" (of course, the county hospital is not able to cure) , these cities in the eye "Wuhan refueling, Wuhan help" in the shadow of the quiet sinking.

Many of my classmates are from the surrounding cities, they are staying in other places, but my parents are still in their hometown, watching their anxious friends circle to relay the news of the epidemic, and appealing for donations. Even just seeing the increasing number of cases, I feel suffocated, it's like being pinched in the nose and mouth, let alone in the field, can only voice and video attention to the situation of their family. Small places dare not get sick, dare not fall down, because the clear level of medical care is no guarantee, can only insist, only insist.

In the morning, we already had a big sister with a megaphone shouting: Don't go out, contact the community property immediately if you have fever symptoms, but in your parents'hometown, there is still a lack of notice and publicity, not to mention the availability of face masks, disinfectants, alcohol pads and other protective equipment. In the countryside, people like to gather for mass activities, drink a little wine, play cards and play Mahjong, and there is no shortage of people from Wuhan working to return home. Now it's all up to us to send out wechat and make phone calls: Don't go out, don't go out, don't go out, don't go out, and still have to make every effort to make sure that they really carry out, sometimes all it takes is yelling at people over the phone, forcing them to take it seriously.

Seeing that no one was wearing a mask for the Spring Festival gala last night, and the closed space was full of spectators, and I didn't even mention strengthening the protection, I felt even more powerless in my heart. In the countryside, I prefer to watch TV, and often a village would get together to watch the Spring Festival gala by eating melon seeds, in the limited information available to them, they could not see the latest development of the epidemic, could not see the correct protection of science, only the family happy performances, only the embarrassed pieces of the script, only the big group of red.

On Weibo, I also saw many people saying that following the epidemic and celebrating the Spring Festival gala is not a conflict. I can not suspend all entertainment activities because of the spread of pneumonia. So I chose to remain silent on the eve of the Lunar New Year, no matter whether it is other netizens, both my parents need positive energy, physical health is important, mental and emotional stability. Online video of doctors and nurses crying, is the collapse of despair, but also many people, bit by bit by panic, from the inside out collapse, collapsed into pieces of sand.

Last night I had a drink with my parents, I wished them a happy new year and peace and security, I also pasted new Fu characters and couplets at home, I seriously aligned the Spring Festival couplets, for the first time, it was so ritualistic, it felt like I was trying to glue two "myself" into one, in a sea of oppression. There is also some good news today. Assistance is arriving in Wuhan one after another. All parties are working overtime on production and construction. Although some scars will take a lifetime to heal, I also believe that tomorrow will definitely be better.

Thanks to all the friends who send you their concern and help, I wish you a happy new year and a happy rat year!

Go to "discover"-"take a look" browse "friends watching"

Sent

####Send it to take a look

Sending

A scan of wechat
Pay attention to the account


-------------
title: Diary of the outbreak | the third day of the siege of Wuhan
source: PlantifulSoul
authors: _
editors: _
proofreader: _
photographer: _
translator: _
via: https://github.com/2019ncovmemory/nCovMemory
link: https://mp.weixin.qq.com/s/D8msgSglUknae2aLG36xwg
archive: http://archive.ph/gw7Ar
snapshot: https://github.com/2019ncovmemory/nCovMemory/blob/master/archive/jpg/1982.jpg
lead: Another record.
cover: data:image/jpeg;base64,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
