##There is no shortage of top hospitals, there are lessons from SARS, why Wuhan is still every step late?

Health insight

Functional introduction, understand the health professional news

* Han Major hospitals fever clinic tension has been a week, seven designated hospitals started only two days have been pressed to the limit.
* There is no shortage of top hospitals, of top experts, of top medical skills, of public health prevention and control, of administrative efficiency, and of procedures for dealing with epidemics.
* Patients and large medical institutions, there is no grass-roots medical institutions and grass-roots community organizations of the role of diversion, screening and guidance, resulting in patients spontaneous, direct impact of large medical institutions.
* The valuable experience of the SARS campaign seven years ago could have been applied to this epidemic prevention. With faster response speed, more orderly social mobilization and lower economic cost, the SARS epidemic would not be brought under control as serious as it was. But it backfired.

Wuhan major hospitals fever clinic tension has been a week, seven designated hospitals started only two days have been pressed to the limit.

Wuhan is not short of top-level hospitals, top-level experts, top-level medical capabilities, public health prevention and control capabilities, administrative efficiency and epidemic handling procedures.

There is no shunting, screening and guiding function between patients and large medical institutions, which results in patients'spontaneous and direct impact on large medical institutions.

The valuable experience of the SARS campaign 17 years ago could have been applied to this epidemic prevention. With faster response speed, more orderly social mobilization and lower economic cost, the severe SARS epidemic would not be brought under control. But it backfired.

On the afternoon of January 23, the emergency room of Wuhan's Fifth Hospital was full of patients with fever. Patients with common fevers and those with suspected COVID-19 pneumonia were crammed together, waiting to be admitted as soon as possible, whether they met the admission criteria or not.

The crowd grew restless. In the space of an hour, the distraught patients have clashed twice with medical staff to stay in hospital. A fever patient who was receiving infusion suddenly became emotional and threw a handful of hundred-dollar bills into the air.

Wuhan's Fifth Hospital, just declared one of the seven designated hospitals in Wuhan for fever patients. The seven hospitals were only notified two days ago, on January 21, of the need to convert their wards into isolation wards and to evacuate the original inpatients, starting at 6 p.m. on January 23, patients with confirmed COVID-19 pneumonia from tertiary level hospitals were admitted to the same unit and new fever patients with body temperature above 37.3 degrees were admitted. Meanwhile, the local tertiary hospital, which had been hit by a wave of patients the previous week, temporarily suspended the admission of patients with fever.

The move is aimed at preventing cross-infection in tertiary-level hospitals, which have been finding cases of infection among their staff, and managing them in "7 + 7" pairs, that is, each designated hospital by a third-class hospital output technology and management. Wuhan's Fifth Hospital is the only tertiary-level hospital among the seven designated hospitals. The remaining six hospitals are lower-level tertiary or secondary hospitals.

After the fever clinic was fully opened at 6 pm on January 23, seven designated hospitals were immediately crowded with a large number of fever patients. Among the various patients, there are a large number of confirmed pneumonia patients transferred from junior high school, and a large number of fever patients, respiratory tract infection, or suspected pneumonia patients. Under the impact of the huge flow of patients, on the one hand, the seven designated hospitals were quickly overwhelmed, and the medical and nursing staff were highly stressed and busy, physically and mentally exhausted; on the other hand, a large number of patients and inpatients were dissatisfied with the long waiting list, or angry about being turned away from the hospital.

A hospital in Wuhan is full of people

Wuhan major hospitals fever clinic tension, has continued for a week. Originally, this metropolis in central China has super medical resources, second only to the first-tier cities of Shanghai and Guangzhou in the north, with four super hospitals in the top 20 nationwide, such as Wuhan Xiehe, China-South Africa, Provincial People's Hospital, Wuhan Tongji and so on. At this time, but ushered in the unprecedented pressure moment.

"state-of-the-art medical resources, such as tertiary hospitals, are just the last link in the epidemic prevention and control. Wuhan has no shortage of top hospitals, no shortage of top experts, no shortage of top medical skills, only the ability to prevent and control public health, administrative efficiency and epidemic handling procedures,"said an expert who has worked in the medical system for many years.

Take, for example, the flow of patients this week: The panicked crowd rushed first to the third tier hospitals, then to the seven designated hospitals. However, in either case, between patients and large medical institutions, there are no primary medical institutions and grass-roots community organizations of the role of diversion, screening and guidance.

In the view of the experts, the Wuhan government has done everything right from reporting the outbreak to closing the source of the infection, from the forced closure of the city, to opening designated hospitals to treat patients, but each step has been too late.

The SARS campaign in 2003, China has accumulated valuable experience in the disaster, forming a world-class capacity of scientific research in epidemiology, emergency response and social mobilization. These valuable lessons from practice should have been applied to the outbreak of COVID-19 pneumonia 17 years later, resulting in faster response, more orderly social mobilization, and lower economic costs for the government and the public, to bring under control an epidemic that is not as severe as SARS. However, at this moment, up and down but into the "late" embarrassing situation.

Why are we too late?

The SARS outbreak 17 years ago has given China valuable experience in dealing with an unknown epidemic. In some respects, China has come a long way since 17 years ago with the outbreak of pneumonia.

First, there has been a marked acceleration in the timing of the initial announcement and reporting of the outbreak.

From Dec. 12,2019, when the first case appeared, to Dec. 31, when the Wuhan Municipal Health and Health Commission issued the first public notice of the outbreak, which attracted public attention, less than 20 days apart.

In mid-december, when Wuhan realized that the pneumonia of unknown cause might be an epidemic, it quickly sent samples to the CDC. On January 9, Chinese scientists succeeded in deciphering the genome of the COVID-19 found in Wuhan, and on January 10, they shared information on the genome of the virus on relevant international websites. Takariki, the WHO's representative in China, said China was responding very quickly to this, quickly studying and identifying new strains of the virus. The slow proliferation and low sample size of the virus make identification a major technical challenge, suggesting that China's capabilities in this area have developed rapidly in recent years. The move won international acclaim. Fred, USA. "It's very difficult, " says Trevor Bedlford, an evolutionary geneticist at the Hutchinson Cancer Research Center.

In contrast to the SARS outbreak in 2003, the first case was reported on Nov. 16,2002, and Xinhua first reported it on Feb. 12,2003, nearly three months apart.

Second, medical experts in China quickly developed scientific and effective guidelines for diagnosis and treatment after the outbreak of the disease on Jan. 18 became widespread. On January 20, the Temple of Earth Hospital Infection Center in Beijing took the lead in formulating the first COVID-19 pneumonia diagnosis and treatment plan (Trial Implementation) . On January 22 and 23, the plan was updated in two successive editions. A doctor who has experienced SARS told the eight o'clock news that this would have been unthinkable 17 years ago.

"there was no unified clinical guideline at the time, " he says. "hospitals were filled with folk remedies for Chinese medicine. Especially by late 2003, there were no good limits on hormone use to save lives. Then I looked back and saw that all those hormones weren't working, and there were a lot of side effects."

Despite the obvious technological advances, the control of the disease in Wuhan today is far from adequate. Up to now, the vast majority of provinces in China have been imported cases from Wuhan, from the spread of the epidemic area, more than SARS.

In the control of the outbreak, the Wuhan Disease Control System still follows the traditional "tight inside and tight outside" approach, that is, the identification of the virus infected person must go through a series of processes, and the provincial and national disease control authorities can double-confirm before it can be released to the public, to keep the public from panicking. Wuhan also needs to strike a balance between the economic and social impact of the outbreak: As a transport hub in the middle of the country during the Spring Festival travel rush, any information about the outbreak is bound to have major consequences. After many trade-offs, policymakers have chosen the more conservative approach to political decision-making.

On January 1,2020, Wuhan closed and disinfected only the south China seafood market, which was the source of the infection. Doctors at Wuhan's major hospitals continue to treat patients with fevers during the flu season as usual in the winter. In their view, although the number of patients with fever has increased since the end of December, the proportion of seriously ill patients has not increased compared with previous years, and some doctors are treating patients without even wearing masks. On Dec. 31, when Zeng Guang, a member of the National Health Commission's High Level Panel of experts, first visited Wuhan, local clinicians were more optimistic, telling him that the epidemic was not serious, that it was still a generation of cases and that there had been no human to human transmission.

For the next two weeks, the outbreak was seen as almost stable and contained:

As of January 5, the city had reported "59 patients diagnosed with viral pneumonia of unknown origin, " according to the Wuhan Health and Health Commission's website at 8 p.m.

January 5-january 11, Wuhan City Health Commission official website no cases of disease notification.

Meanwhile, on Jan. 9, domestic scientists identified the cause of the pneumonia as COVID-19. As of 2400 hours on January 10,41 confirmed cases of COVID-19 pneumonia had been reported in the city. The notification also said no new cases had been detected since January 3.

Meanwhile, no cases have been reported outside the city of Wuhan. As a result, the outside world is feeling extremely optimistic about the Wuhan epidemic, there is an illusion that Wuhan has the epidemic under control. Guan Yi, a professor at the University of Hong Kong, once expressed optimism that the source of infection had been eliminated, the epidemic situation was under control and people could enjoy the new year with peace of mind.

The reversal came after new cases began to pile up in Wuhan after Jan. 18, and in other cities as well, according to the COVID-19. Around January 18, the number of fever outpatients in major hospitals in Wuhan has increased dramatically, and a number of doctors in some hospitals have been infected. The pressure on the hospitals, the panic among the people, was amplified in an instant and spread across the country.

On January 19, Zeng returned to Wuhan, and the clinician changed his mind: "It's more serious than I thought. "

"The biggest problem still lies in not paying attention. Since we have long been aware that it is an infectious disease, why don't we first do prevention and control on a city-wide scale? " A senior medical personage told the 8 o'clock health news, the closure of the south China Seafood Market, where the virus originated, came at least a week late, not to mention a further 10,000 family dinners attended by more than 40,000 households, with the tacit approval of the authorities.

"In general, the government's response to this is still a bit slow, " the person said. "If the market had been closed earlier and mass movement controls had been put in place, there's a good chance it wouldn't be like this. " "In special times, there should be an iron hand. Like this decision to close the city, as a Wuhan citizen, I support it with both hands. The only regret is that such a decision came too late. "

But the expert also admitted that if the government in the early stage of the epidemic "big fight" , will indeed achieve better prevention and control results, but it is also likely to be the people of the "unwarranted panic" label. The scale of the situation will test the judgment of local officials and even national team experts on the epidemic.

That we can't keep up with

This winter, as usual, according to the Wuhan People's Medical Habits, meet fever high fever and other diseases, first will go to a large hospital. A technician at Wuhan Lung Hospital, an equipment maker, recalls the calm of its intensive-care unit doctors in early January, some of whom were not wearing protective clothing or face masks.

Another doctor working at a top-three hospital in Wuhan said that while COVID-19 pneumonia was known in early January, patients in other departments who did not show any symptoms of fever during the incubation period were the biggest source of infection. His colleagues in urology at the hospital, when they were washing the bladder of a patient who was still in the incubation period of COVID-19 pneumonia, did not take any precautions and the patient's body fluid splashed on his jacket. When the patient was diagnosed with COVID-19 pneumonia a week later, the doctor realized the problem and immediately quarantined himself.

The same situation, appeared in Wuhan Xiehe and so on four big three first-class hospitals. In the week leading up to January 20, several staff members at the four hospitals were suspected to have contracted COVID-19 pneumonia. At the Hubei Provincial People's hospital, half of the paramedics in the respiratory department were infected; the Oncology Department found a patient and quarantined four doctors, according to people familiar with the situation. The Provincial People's Hospital opened two wards for this purpose, with about 100 beds. At least four wards have been opened up at Wuhan Central Hospital to isolate staff.

These temporary wards are not set up to the strict standards of isolation wards, the person said. "We have all the beds together, we can talk, we can get out and about. There are no hints or guards outside the wards, and people outside can reach these wards if they press the wrong elevator floor. "

In the week leading up to Jan. 18, doctors at the hospital, unlike the outside world, had begun to realize the extent of the problem. A doctor in the emergency department of a top three hospital said that the winter season is indeed viral pneumonia, but this year's viral pneumonia is particularly numerous. Although they are all viral pneumonia, for some experienced doctors, looking at a CT scan can give a general sense of the possibility of COVID-19 pneumonia. However, at that time, the major hospitals in Wuhan did not have their own nucleic acid kits for virus detection, nor did the staff of the provincial CDC receive samples of suspected cases for testing. Therefore, in the week before January 18, there has been no increase in pneumonia COVID-19 in Wuhan, which is actually an "unreal calm" .

The fact that medical staff have been infected with COVID-19 pneumonia is a very serious signal to experts that the virus is beginning to spread from person to person, and measures to prevent and control it should be drastically changed, with only one generation of cases being shut down in the south China market, has Fallen far short of resolving the crisis caused by "human-to-human transmission" . But this in the medical staff there has been the reality of the situation, the relevant government departments have not voluntarily disclosed. It wasn't until academician Zhong Nanshan went to Wuhan on January 18 that he learned of the situation and first disclosed on January 20 that 14 health care workers had been infected. The next day, Wuhan City Health Commission will release the news.

When the epidemic reaches the "human-to-human" stage, prevention and control is far more important than treatment. Public disinfection measures, the public awareness of self-isolation of the Popular Science, very test a city's ability to deal with the epidemic.

Spreading panic

On Jan. 22, a team of experts from the Huazhong University of Science and Technology, based on the primary source of the first group of patients treated at Wuhan's major hospitals, developed the COVID-19: For All suspected cases, we're GONNA need medical isolation on site. For mild cases, can be isolated in the outpatient observation or home isolation observation. All patients who went home for observation were requested to return to the designated hospital for intensive care as soon as they developed any signs of deterioration of the disease. Severe cases, critical cases, need to be hospitalized.

But at this time, the crowd increasingly into panic, fever, the number of infections, increasingly tight medical resources, the implementation of this guide has been difficult.

As the number of reported cases increased, people in Wuhan began to panic. Fever clinics in major hospitals are overcrowded. On 23 January, the government launched seven designated hospitals to focus on receiving confirmed pneumonia patients transferred from tertiary level hospitals and admitted new patients with fever.

The transition was the most chaotic of times. On the one hand, in the seven designated hospitals, The Adventure of the Resident Patient has refused to leave. At the same time, these designated hospitals in just two days, according to a normal infectious disease hospital process to do ward transformation. Part of the designated hospitals both lack of experience, there is no exercise, more the lack of specialized doctors, protective clothing, face masks and so far from enough. On the other hand, the original Tertiary Hospital has not received fever patients, let patients directly to seven designated hospitals.

On the night of January 22, Ding Li took his father to Wuhan No. 7 Hospital, where he spent the night in the emergency room.

Five days earlier, Ding Li had taken his father to the Emergency Department of a hospital, and the doctor had told Ding Li that he had developed double dark spots on his lungs, probably new pneumonia. To find out, Ding Li took his father to the fever clinic at Hankou Hospital, which doctors said was not serious, and because there were no beds, "he went home and quarantined himself for five days. He prescribed medicine and warned him not to go to the doctor if he had a high fever. "

On Jan. 22, when his fever persisted and his condition worsened, Ding Li rushed with his father to the Hankou Hospital only to find hundreds of people waiting in line at the fever clinic. She finally got in line, but the doctor told her that the hospital couldn't spare any beds. Ding Li and his daughter rushed to the fever clinic of Wuchang Hospital, which was also full.

That night, father and daughter after people pointed out that the seventh hospital will be the designated hospital for patients with fever, then rushed to the seventh hospital. At this time, the hospital fever clinic has lined up outside the hundreds of meters. There was no noise in the crowd.

By 11:30, Ding Li had been on her feet for two hours. At this time the streets of Wuhan, the temperature is close to minus. She wrapped herself in her clothes and peered over every now and then to see what was happening. And then, finally, he was admitted to the hospital's emergency room. However, Ding Li was once again disappointed that she could not be admitted to the hospital because there was no nucleic acid kit to test and confirm on the spot.

That night was probably the longest Ding Li had ever spent. One side is the father's increasingly serious illness, the other side is no end of the long wait. In the aisles of the emergency room, mild and severe patients crowded together, wearing masks, looking tired, relying on intravenous drip relief symptoms, some have been waiting for nearly 12 hours, only to wait for a diagnosis.

Ding Li seemed to sense that the virus was spreading through the hospital, that the smell of death was getting closer and closer, that there was a mixture of helplessness, anxiety and fear.

Until 2 p.m. on Jan. 23, all patients in the emergency room of Wuhan No. 7 Hospital were on observation, and none of them were admitted.

A top third-tier hospital doctor in Wuhan said that whether patients are admitted or not depends on the severity of clinical symptoms, not necessarily waiting for nucleic acid tests. The clinical doctor's diagnosis and treatment guide is, combines the patient to have a fever, the blood test result, unifies the CT analysis pneumonia serious situation, decides whether to admit to hospital. For carriers with mild clinical symptoms, hospitalization is less important, and isolation and prevention of infection are more important, said Dr. COVID-19, director of the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention at the University of California, San Diego. In accordance with treatment guidelines, patients are treated in general viral pneumonia isolation for three days, regardless of diagnosis.

"If all patients are admitted to hospital, medical resources will not be able to meet the needs of critically ill patients, " the doctor said. But for people in a state of panic, hospitalization is their first choice. The doctor receives calls a day from many leaders demanding that their acquaintances be admitted to the hospital, and he insists that those who do not meet the admission criteria will not be admitted.

But he acknowledged that hospitals do miss patients who should have been admitted. "It's a whole and a part of the problem, " said Ding Li's father, who had been in self-imposed isolation for more than three days and whose symptoms continued to worsen.

The worst case scenario, according to doctors, is that everyone rushes to the hospital, and the less symptomatic carriers, already highly contagious and mobile, should be quarantined at home. As a result, hospitals are the most likely places to catch the virus.

A siege

January 18, the National Health Commission high-level Expert Group Again Visit Wuhan, the collective made the "No in, no out" of the four-character principle. After their suggestions were reported to the relevant State Departments, on the night of the 22nd, the government finally made the decision to close down the city of Wuhan.

A high-level panel member said the decision to close the city on the eve of the Lunar New Year was decisive and correct. "The vast majority of confirmed cases in all provinces now come from Wuhan. Before the city was shut down, a large number of people left Wuhan. Where these people end up is out of reach. These people will also be human-to-human transmission, other provinces and cities are likely to become a second epidemic area, a third epidemic area. Now that the city is closed, there is only one epidemic area in Wuhan, and controlling the population flow in the epidemic area is a very important step in the management of category B and Category A."

According to Zeng, the COVID-19 pneumonia is not as severe as SARS in terms of current mortality rates alone. According to clinical observation, very few critical cases were treated with hormone. During the SARS era, many patients required suction and intubation in the later stages, but not this time.

To date, more than 90 percent of the country's COVID-19 deaths are still concentrated in elderly patients with underlying diseases such as cerebral infarction, heart disease, cancer, hypertension and diabetes.

Other parts of the country have quickly launched a major public health emergency response level. On January 23, Guangdong, Hunan and Zhejiang provinces took the lead in initiating a first-level response, followed by Hubei, Tianjin, Anhui, Beijing, Shanghai, Chongqing, Sichuan, Jiangxi, Fujian and Hunan provinces.

At this time, Wuhan, like a besieged city, the people inside can not get out, the people outside do not want to come in.

By Wang Chen and Mao Xiaoqiong

Recognition Qr Code

Check the COVID-19 tracking

We respect the original copyright and do not reprint without permission.

Reprinted with permission

Zheng Qi, WECHAT: 1281949389

Business Cooperation

Shanghai: Leslee 13916263824

BEIJING: Jessie 13911125922

Tips, feedback, join the core readership

Please scan the code and Contact Jian Wen

Let your friends see you watching

↓↓↓

Go to "discover"-"take a look" browse "friends watching"

Sent

####Send it to take a look

Sending

A scan of wechat
Pay attention to the account


-------------
title: There is no shortage of top hospitals, there are lessons from SARS, why Wuhan is still every step late?
source: ba-dian-jian-wen
authors: _
editors: _
proofreader: _
photographer: _
translator: _
via: https://github.com/2019ncovmemory/nCovMemory
link: https://mp.weixin.qq.com/s/woQXfBfQKVeAUML3A23vxA
archive: http://archive.is/OqcZL
snapshot: https://github.com/2019ncovmemory/nCovMemory/blob/master/archive/jpg/1025.jpg
lead: Prevention and control is far more important than treatment as the epidemic progresses to the stage of "human-to-human transmission" .
cover: data:image/jpeg;base64,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
