##To the forefront of the fight against Beijing Capital International Airport: flights are mostly normal, screening is very strict

I-CAIJING

CAIJING magazine official Wechat. "CAIJING" magazine, sponsored by the China Securities Market Research Center, was first published in 1998, adhering to the news concept of "independence, exclusiveness and originality" , and is known for authoritative, impartial and professional reporting, it is a must-read publication for policy-makers, researchers and managers in the field of politics and economics.

As the domestic epidemic situation has been gradually controlled, to prevent the importation of foreign epidemic situation has become the focus of epidemic prevention at this stage. From the customs to enter the Beijing area, how to screen incoming passengers?

By Chen Liang, CAIJING correspondent

Editor | Zhu Tao

After 2 p.m. on March 17, the International / Hong Kong, Macao and Taiwan arrivals at Terminal T3 of the Capital International Airport were half the usual number of flights, with 13 scheduled for the same day, compared with the full flight information display in the past. Four of the flights were from Hong Kong, Macau and Taiwan, and two were from Seoul, South Korea. There was no flight information from Europe or the United States on that day.

(T3-B district, Beijing Capital International Airport, photo / CAIJING reporter Yao Jiaying)

Beijing Capital International Airport's T3 terminal is divided into ABCD sections, and since March 10, section D has been designated as a separate disposal area for flights from countries and regions affected by the outbreak. March 15, the handling of the area to expand the parking range of flights, all international / Hong Kong, Macao and Taiwan inbound flights are required to stop here.

The increase in the number of scheduled flights has brought about a sharp increase in passengers.

On the afternoon of March 17, Zhao Ying, deputy general manager of Beijing Capital International Airport Company Limited, responded to the disorderly gathering of tourists in Zone D at a press conference on the epidemic prevention work of new crown pneumonia in Beijing.

Zhao Ying said that before March 15, the T3-D disposal zone in Beijing Capital International Airport received about 10 flights a day, with about 2,000 passengers. After the adjustment on the 15th, the first day of the disposal zone handled a total of 7,252 passengers, that's 220% more than before the adjustment.

As the domestic epidemic situation has been gradually controlled, to prevent the importation of foreign epidemic situation has become the focus of epidemic prevention at this stage. From 12:00 to 24:00 on the 17th, there were two new cases imported from Spain and the United Kingdom in Beijing. As of press time, the cumulative number of imported cases outside Beijing is 43, with 39 confirmed cases.

So, as the forefront of Beijing to prevent the importation of foreign epidemic, inbound tourists from the customs to enter the Beijing area, to experience what kind of prevention and control procedures? How is the current situation of prevention and control of imported epidemic situation outside Beijing?

Airport seamless closed loop screening

"finance" reporter 17 on the spot to see, T3-D has been closed state. "except for a single channel to transport passengers out of the station, it is forbidden to enter, " Beijing Capital International Airport staff told CAIJING.

A total of 248 international flights arrived in Beijing Capital International Airport from March 9 to 16, according to Fiyo data. With an average of 200 passengers per flight, nearly 50,000 foreigners entered Beijing Capital International Airport during the eight-day period.

Wang Hui (not her real name) , from Shenyang, returned home from visiting her daughter in Britain, and arrived at the Xinguo Exhibition in Beijing nearly 40 hours after 7 pm on March 17.

"We couldn't get off the plane as soon as it landed and stopped. We waited on the plane for more than two hours. We have to fill in the entry health declaration card to declare the health information, and only after the flight attendants have made sure that all passengers have filled in the information and checked it before they let us enter the health and Quarantine Channel and take our first temperature after landing. We have taken our temperature twice during the flight,"Wang told CAIJING.

From boarding to disembarkation, the detection of the crew is the first line of epidemic prevention. According to the third edition of the Technical Guide for the prevention and control of epidemic situations of Transport Airlines and airports issued by the Civil Aviation Administration, flight operational risks will be comprehensively assessed based on information such as the epidemic situation of flight origin, passenger occupancy rate and flight operation characteristics, there are three grades: High, middle and low, and different prevention and control measures are taken.

For Low risk flights, it is mainly to ensure smooth flow of people and goods, to carry out body temperature testing as needed, and the crew to wear disposable medical masks; for medium risk flights, it has increased cabin layout design, reduced personnel flow and other measures, passengers will be tested for body temperature during flight; for high-risk Flights, on-board service will be reduced and passengers will be managed and seated separately, while an emergency handling area will be reserved in the last three rows of each flight.

Air China replied to a reporter from Caijing, saying that rolling statistics from March 1 to March 15 showed that 76 passengers were temporarily suspended from flights "entering Beijing from abroad" due to excessive body temperature before boarding, involving a total of 23 flights, in-flight temperature detected excessive landing quarantine handed over 67 people, involving 44 flights.

The Second Line of Defense is customs inspection. "Customs officials asked detailed information about the place of origin, flight number, seat number, a few days outside China, whether there was any transit before arriving in Beijing, and whether there was any connecting flight after arriving in Beijing. When the luggage was picked up, it was sterilized,"Wang Hui told CAIJING, "You have to go through customs one by one, all the way under the control of the airport police and customs officers. ".

With the airport testing form a closed loop is also the new National Exhibition of the second round of testing and triage. "All the passengers are waiting at the only exit for the transfer vehicle to take us to Xinguo for the second round of body temperature screening, " Wang said.

There's a second round of tests

Located less than six kilometres from Beijing Capital International Airport's T3 terminal and covering an area of about 107,000 square metres, the former commercial display area is now the only place outside the country for a second quarantine check outside the airport.

"It took me nearly eight hours to check my temperature and register my information, some even longer, " Wang said.

(gate e 3, New China Exhibition, photo / CAIJING reporter Yao Jiaying)

At E3, the only entrance to the show, shuttles from provinces and cities move in and out frequently. "We are the transit station, mainly responsible for transferring passengers from overseas to Beijing and then to Shenyang. After the second check-up of overseas visitors at the New China Exhibition, those with normal body temperature will be registered by the staff of the New China Exhibition and distributed to the provincial Beijing office, and then to the Beijing Office of each city. The Beijing Office will be responsible for the transportation of tourists to and from hotels, airports and railway stations according to their itineraries,"a staff member of the Shenyang Beijing Office told Caijing, "There are two hotels in Beijing that have been assigned to Shenyang's entry-level personnel. ".

(photo / CAIJING reporter Yao Jiaying, Beijing Chiyuan Dalian shuttle bus)

In the e 5 parking lot of Xinguozhan, the reporter noticed that many provincial and municipal offices in Beijing have arranged feeder vehicles to pick up and transfer personnel outside the country. In addition, the Beijing municipal government has also sent additional vehicles to help. A driver from Beijing mainly drives to Dalian, "in addition to the Dalian bus, we have just joined the transfer these two days. ".

Unlike other provinces and cities, which mainly use official vehicles, Cangzhou used 120 medical ambulance vehicles, each with a medical staff. "anyone with an abnormal temperature will be taken to a Temple of Earth hospital for a nucleic acid test, and if it's normal, we'll take them straight back to Cangzhou, on the same plane, on the same train. When we arrived in Cangzhou, we were quarantined for 14 days at designated isolation points, at the full cost of the government,"a medical officer told CAIJING.

(staff of the provincial and municipal offices in Beijing Register and check passenger information, photo / CAIJING reporter Yao Jiaying)

Since February 29, the Beijing Temple of Earth Hospital has started receiving screening personnel transferred from the airport. As of 8:00 on March 17, a total of 1,601 cases had been sent from Beijing Capital International Airport to Beijing Ditan Hospital for screening of imported personnel. On March 15, Wu Guoan, deputy director of the Temple of Earth Hospital, said that due to the high pressure of receiving patients, the Temple of Earth Hospital had to urgently add 10 doctors, 22 nurses and 15 police officers within a few days, opening new rooms to provide isolation for patients in suspected wards.

On March 17, an online source said that from March 18, all international flights into Beijing will be diverted to other domestic airports, and that Beijing will no longer accept international flights. Beijing inbound flights were first diverted to airports in Tianjin, Shijiazhuang, Taiyuan and Hohhot, where they were screened for the disease, treated on site for symptoms, and then transferred to Beijing for those without symptoms. "Finance and economics" reporter to the Civil Aviation Authority for verification of this information, to the release, the other side did not comment, some industry sources said that the plan has not been approved.

As of 11:00 on March 18, Beijing Capital International Airport Information, there are still from the United States, the United Kingdom, Spain, South Korea, Japan and other countries to enter the port, most of the international flight information are normal status.

In order to share the pressure of screening for foreign personnel, Beijing has reopened Xiaotangshan Hospital on the 16th, which is mainly used for screening personnel, suspected cases and mild and ordinary confirmed patients among foreign (returning) Beijing personnel. At present, the Beijing Xiaotangshan Hospital has more than 1,000 beds, and will admit confirmed or suspected cases to the hospital for treatment. Passengers who do not find any abnormalities after screening will be transported back to their destination province in a safe and appropriate manner.

CAIJING reporter Wang Jingyi contributed to this report

Read more about the outbreak in pictures

Editor in chief | Ruan Luyangruan@caijing. COM.CN
This is an original article from CAIJING magazine, which can not be reproduced or mirrored without authorization. For reprinting, please leave a message at the end of the article to request and obtain authorization.

Editor in chief | Ruan Luyangruan@caijing. COM.CN

This is an original article from CAIJING magazine, which can not be reproduced or mirrored without authorization. For reprinting, please leave a message at the end of the article to request and obtain authorization.

Go to "discover"-"take a look" browse "friends watching"

Sent

####Send it to take a look

Sending

A scan of wechat
Pay attention to the account


-------------
title: To the forefront of the fight against Beijing Capital International Airport: flights are mostly normal, screening is very strict
source: cai-jing-za-zhi-/-cai-jing-shi-yi-ren
authors: _
editors: _
proofreader: _
photographer: _
translator: _
via: https://github.com/2019ncovmemory/nCovMemory
link: https://mp.weixin.qq.com/s/t5gA7ntP3SG7tOpFQ-Gj-g
archive: http://archive.today/8fh43
snapshot: https://github.com/2019ncovmemory/nCovMemory/blob/master/archive/jpg/3778.jpg
lead: As the domestic epidemic situation has been gradually controlled, to prevent the importation of foreign epidemic situation has become the focus of epidemic prevention at this stage. From the customs to enter the Beijing area, how to screen incoming passengers?
cover: data:image/jpeg;base64,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
