##Could the United States lead the way with a new $2 billion vaccine?

I-CAIJING

CAIJING magazine official Wechat. "CAIJING" magazine, sponsored by the China Securities Market Research Center, was first published in 1998, adhering to the news concept of "independence, exclusiveness and originality" , and is known for authoritative, impartial and professional reporting, it is a must-read publication for policy-makers, researchers and managers in the field of politics and economics.

Richard Hatchett, CEO of the Innovation Alliance for pandemic preparedness, estimates that developing a new cap vaccine fast enough will cost $2 billion over the next 12 to 18 months

By Wang Xiaofeng, CAIJING correspondent

Editor | Hao Zhou

Beijing time on the evening of March 16, the Military Academy of Military Sciences led by academician Chen Wei Research Team to develop a recombinant new crown vaccine was approved to start clinical trials. In an interview with CCTV, Chen said that according to international norms and domestic regulations, vaccines have been prepared in a safe, effective, quality-controlled and mass-production-ready manner.

Less than 24 hours ago, the National Institutes of Health said Biotech company MODERNA's experimental vaccine for the new coronavirus had begun its first human trials.

This is a competition, China, the United States, Germany, the United Kingdom, France, Japan, Israel, Singapore, Australia, India and other countries are working closely to develop vaccines. More than 30 companies and institutions around the world are taking part in the competition, according to German media.

As of March 17, nearly 180,000 people in 158 countries and regions had been diagnosed with the disease, bringing the total number of deaths to 7,426, according to the World Health Organization. World Health Organization Director General Tan Desai called the figures "tragic milestones" .

The anxiety about the epidemic has made vaccine development all the more compelling. On January 10 this year, the Chinese side announced the new coronavirus genome, which started the race for the new coronavirus vaccine.

The U.S. government's clinical trials of a novel coronavirus vaccine, funded by the NIH, were conducted at CӒSAR's Health Institute in Seattle. Forty-five young healthy test subjects (ages 18 to 55) will receive different doses of the vaccine, which will not infect them because the vaccine itself does not contain the virus and is intended to ensure that there are no worrying side effects, to lay the groundwork for a larger test.

Named mRNA-1273, the vaccine was developed by US National Allergy and Institute of Medical Science Company MODERNA. The clinical site was Seattle, where 20 percent of the confirmed cases are concentrated, because it is the hardest hit area in the United States.

Nih says the vaccine directs human cells to produce a viral protein that scientists hope will trigger a strong immune response to the new coronavirus. It is reported that mRNA-1273 vaccine has shown promise in animal models, this is the first time in human clinical trials.

The first phase of the trial will last for six weeks, during which participants will receive two doses of the vaccine by injection, about 28 days apart. Participants were assigned to one of three groups and were given either a 25,100 or 250 microgram injection. Participants will be asked to return to the test site between vaccinations and within one year of the second vaccination.

The vaccine could affect Donald Trump's re election

The company behind the vaccine, Moderna, based near Boston, has seen its share price rise from $18.91 to $28.18 in the past month. Unlike traditional big Pharma, Moderna focuses on being small and sophisticated and quick to respond. In late February, MODERNA's record for fastest vaccine development attracted the global media, with a 42-day journey from virus identification to a vaccine ready for human testing.

One day in late February, before the new crown disease had spread globally, Moderna sent the vaccine in small vials to the NIH for clinical testing. That night, Juan Andress, a 30-year pharmaceutical veteran who developed the vaccine, nervously checked his phone and tracked the truck's location until it arrived safely.

"Our pride comes from the fact that it is a race, and it has become a responsibility to develop a vaccine as soon as possible, " Andress said. After confirming the vaccine had arrived safely, the entire team celebrated with ice cream. MODERNA has at least 100 employees working on the project, and everyone is very excited.

MODERNA was at the forefront of new coronavirus vaccine development thanks to a phone call between CEO Bonsell and NIH. Bonsell was involved in the prevention of the 2009 H1N1 influenza virus. In the fall of 2019, NIH and Moderna agreed to conduct a trial at the company's manufacturing plants to see how quickly they could respond to a pandemic. But the COVID-19 offered a real test before it could be put to the test.

The NIH has previously said the entire clinical trial process could take up to 14 months. In recent weeks, senior health officials, including NIAID director Antony Fossey, have repeatedly spoken to Donald Trump in public about the long process of developing a vaccine. But Donald Trump didn't seem to listen. More than once, he asked the researchers if they could develop a vaccine in a few months.

"So in the next few months, you think you can develop a vaccine? " Donald Trump asked at a meeting with senior health officials on March 2.

"there will be no vaccine, " corrected Aleix Azé, America's secretary of Health and Human Services. "You will have a vaccine to test. "

"Well, you said within a year, " Donald Trump responded.

"A year to a year and a half, " Fossey interjected.

As of 21:00 GMT, 17 March, 6,436 confirmed cases of new crown pneumonia, including 108 deaths, had been reported in the United States, where the escalating new crown disease has not been able to keep Donald Trump's heart from racing. There is a widespread belief in the US media that Donald Trump's re election campaign could suffer if it fails to respond effectively to the epidemic and trigger a recession.

In this context, Donald Trump places particular emphasis on vaccine development, giving full support to U.S. drug companies as well as overseas drug companies and even antagonizing allies. German politicians have recently revealed to local media that the US and Germany are locked in a battle over a German pharmaceutical company called Curevac, which is working on a new coronavirus vaccine, making it a target for Donald Trump, the Donald Trump administration has been accused of trying to poach the company to develop vaccines specifically for the United States. The politician said Donald Trump was trying to make the scientists'work unique to the United States and would do anything to get a vaccine for the United States, but only for the United States.

A spokesman for the German Ministry of Health confirmed the news, saying that the German government was very interested in ensuring that vaccines and active substances for the new coronavirus could also be developed in Germany and Europe. In this regard, the government is conducting in-depth exchanges with CUREVAC. CUREVAC issued a statement on March 15 denying rumours of a takeover.

In response, the US ambassador to Germany, Richard Grenell, said the report was wrong. A US official also said that the matter had been greatly exaggerated and that the US would continue to communicate with any company that could help, and that any solution found would be shared with the world.

A time-consuming competition

The US move is no surprise, as it is a race in which countries such as China, Germany, the UK, France, Japan, Israel, Singapore, Australia and India are developing vaccines.

On the afternoon of March 17, at a press conference held by the Joint Prevention and Control Mechanism of the State Council, Wang Junzhi, a member of the Chinese Academy of Engineering, said that the research and development of China's new crown vaccine is currently in the advanced ranks in the world on the whole and will not be slower than that of foreign countries. China "already has units that are making relatively rapid progress in research and development, " he said. "They are rolling out application materials for clinical trials to the State Food and Drug Administration, and have already begun to demonstrate clinical trial protocols and recruit volunteers. ". The clinical trial will begin after the State Food and Drug Administration has been approved in accordance with relevant laws and regulations,"Wang said.

Australia is also making progress, with a team of University of Queensland researchers using patented "molecular tweezers" to increase the stability of viral proteins, making the vaccine easier for the immune system to recognize and trigger a protective immune response. The team has developed the first candidate vaccine. After more testing, formal preclinical testing can begin.

University of Queensland's research and Moderna benefited from funding from the same agency, the pandemic preparedness Innovation Alliance (CEPI) , which was established in Davos in 2017 to accelerate vaccine development to rapidly eliminate pandemic diseases, funding comes from governments and institutions, and the Bill Gates is a major supporter of CEPI. Chief Executive Officer Richard Hatchett has estimated that developing a new cap vaccine fast enough would cost $2 billion over the next 12 to 18 months.

Funding is the first step in developing a vaccine, and it's a long way from trial to mass production. There are many theories as to when the new crown vaccine will be available, ranging from three months to three years to five years, because the vaccine has been developed and mass produced, animal testing, human clinical trials, large-scale population validation, who licensing and national licensing procedures are required.

National Conditions and legal policies differ, so the time it takes for a vaccine to come out is different. Wu Zunyou, chief epidemiologist at the Chinese Center for Disease Control and Prevention, told CCTV that the vaccine would have to go through three phases of clinical trials, even if it was specially ordered. Clinical Phase I is a safety trial, with a minimum of 20 days; Clinical Phase II is a procedure to test a concentrated dose of vaccine, with about 200 to 300 people, with a minimum of one month to complete the recruitment process; Clinical Phase III is to evaluate the efficacy of the vaccine, if the patient morbidity is high, the sample size will be smaller, and the minimum time to evaluate such an effect is three to five months. That means it could take as little as six months to complete phase III trials and conclude that the vaccine works.

The researchers recruited volunteers infected and uninfected with the virus to carry out the experiment, clinical observation of this small group of people's drug levels, side effects and effects. Only if it proves effective on a small scale can it be used on a larger scale, as in the current small-scale trials of the vaccine developed by Moderna, and only if it succeeds can the next phase of clinical trials be carried out.

Given the number of factors involved in volunteer recruitment and clinical responses, it is difficult to speed up the process, and the timing varies from vaccine to vaccine. For example, the Zaire ebolavirus vaccine has a two year clinical course. Launched at the end of 2014, the project involved major pharmaceutical companies around the world, recruiting tens of thousands of participants in different African countries. 2016 proved effective. But it wasn't until November 2019 that World Health Organization was able to pre certify Ervebo, an Ebola vaccine produced by Merck & Co. . The decision is an important step towards bringing Ervebo vaccine to the market, but high-risk countries will still have to wait until mid-2020 to obtain it.

Vaccine Development has not been smooth sailing, there will be a lot of uncertainty, a lot of research and development to no avail. One of the uncertainties is whether the virus can be successfully developed before the end of the epidemic, and the vaccine needs to be tested in a wider range of people before it can be marketed. But in 2003, when the SARS vaccine research and development process entered the large-scale test link, the epidemic has nearly ended, there is no patient can do the test.

The uncertainty surrounding the outbreak has led researchers to worry about whether vaccine development will be abandoned by the end of the epidemic. The problem plagues many researchers, says Gregory Poland, Director of VACCINE research at the Mayo Clinic and editor of Vaccine Magazine. When an outbreak hits the headlines, the government pours money into research. But as soon as the news of the outbreak disappeared, the funding for the research disappeared.

Pharmaceutical companies have limited funding to develop vaccines, so they can't do research all the time, like Moderna couldn't afford to develop the new crown vaccine without funding from CEPI. "It's very difficult to successfully develop a vaccine to prevent or manage a public health crisis, and it usually takes a lot of time and money, " said Brad Loncar, an American biotech investor.

Donald Kline served as U.S. Ebola coordinator from 2014 to 2015. "I don't work for them, I'm not a fan of them, " he said reluctantly at a conference at the Aspen Institute, a think tank, "but I have to say that they spent a lot of money on Ebola. "

Read more about the outbreak in pictures

Editor in chief | Lilijiang Jiang Jiang@caijing. COM.CN
This is an original article from CAIJING magazine, which can not be reproduced or mirrored without authorization. For reprinting, please leave a message at the end of the article to request and obtain authorization.

Editor in chief | Lilijiang Jiang Jiang@caijing. COM.CN

This is an original article from CAIJING magazine, which can not be reproduced or mirrored without authorization. For reprinting, please leave a message at the end of the article to request and obtain authorization.

Go to "discover"-"take a look" browse "friends watching"

Sent

####Send it to take a look

Sending

A scan of wechat
Pay attention to the account


-------------
title: Could the United States lead the way with a new $2 billion vaccine?
source: cai-jing-za-zhi-/-cai-jing-shi-yi-ren
authors: _
editors: _
proofreader: _
photographer: _
translator: _
via: https://github.com/2019ncovmemory/nCovMemory
link: https://mp.weixin.qq.com/s/svzxs2WKzXrMjDF2mhBLLg
archive: http://archive.today/obWjO
snapshot: https://github.com/2019ncovmemory/nCovMemory/blob/master/archive/jpg/3776.jpg
lead: Richard Hatchett, CEO of the Innovation Alliance for pandemic preparedness, estimates that developing a new cap vaccine fast enough will cost $2 billion over the next 12 to 18 months
cover: data:image/jpeg;base64,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
