##US and Europe speed up money distribution to fight epidemic

I-CAIJING

CAIJING magazine official Wechat. "CAIJING" magazine, sponsored by the China Securities Market Research Center, was first published in 1998, adhering to the news concept of "independence, exclusiveness and originality" , and is known for authoritative, impartial and professional reporting, it is a must-read publication for policy-makers, researchers and managers in the field of politics and economics.

Judging by the stock market's performance, the market is more inclined to agree to trade short-term inconvenience and economic pain for control of the virus

By Jin Yan, CAIJING correspondent, Washington

Editor | Susie

In order to deal with the economic impact of the epidemic, the United States and Europe have introduced various stimulus and relief policies in an attempt to ease the panic of the people and reduce the impact on the economy. But so far, they have not fully worked.

More than 180,000 new cases of pneumonia have been confirmed worldwide, including 102969 cases outside China, according to Real time statistics from World Health Organization's China Standard Time at 23 p.m. on March 17. As of 17:00 p.m. Beijing Time on March 17, the largest number of new cases in 24 hours was in Europe, with a total of 8,507 new cases, bringing the total to 64,189 confirmed cases. This was followed by 2,234 new cases in the Americas.

The United States fell to West Virginia on March 17th, with the first confirmed case in all 50 states. The cumulative number of confirmed cases in the United States has exceeded 5,000 and the death toll from new coronary pneumonia has reached 100. New York state has confirmed more cases than Washington state, and the mayor of New York City has said he will decide whether to close the city within 48 hours.

The blow from the epidemic and the potential damage from the financial squeeze have been compounded by fears of a big shock to the global economy.

ECONOMISTS AT S & P Global Ratings told COVID-19 that the sudden economic stagnation caused by the outbreak control measures will cause a global recession this year, this puts enormous credit pressure on a system that relies on global credibility. S & P economists estimate that the global economy will grow only 1.0-1.5 per cent in 2020, with downside risks remaining.

Governments around the world are seeking to take steps to ease market tensions.

United States Secretary of the Treasury Mnuchin said March 17 that President Donald Trump wants to hand out cash to Americans within the next two weeks to stem the economic damage from the outbreak.

Britain has promised to do more to help businesses cope with the economic slowdown caused by the virus and the temporary closure of businesses. France has pledged $300BN IN BANK LOANS TO COMPANIES HIT by the new pneumonia outbreak.

Spain has banned short selling for a month to stem the severe market volatility that could further damage the financial system. The FSMA  announced that Belgium would ban short selling until April 17. The Italian market regulator has announced a three-month ban on shorting all milan-listed shares, effective March 18. The French stock market regulator also announced a 30-day ban on short selling.

Canadian Prime Minister Trudo is set to announce a stimulus package worth more than C $25 billion, the CBC Television reported.

On March 17 local time, U.S. stocks were buoyed by a v-shaped reversal, with the Dow swinging from a 3% gain to a decline of more than 1% , falling below the 20,000 level, before continuing to rise. By the close, the Dow was up 5.2 percent at 21,237.38, the S & P 500 was up 6 percent at 2,529.19 and the Nasdaq was up 6.23 percent at 7,334.78.

U.S. stocks also led a rally in Europe, where the DAX index rose 2.25 percent to 8,939.1, the CAC 40 index rose 2.84 percent to 3,991.78 and the FTSE 100 index rose 2.37 percent to 5,273.13.

The United States issues money directly?

As of 4 p.m. local time on March 17, there were 5,359 new cases of pneumonia in the United States, nearly 2,000 more than the previous day, and more than 100 deaths. In New York state, the number of cases reached 1,374, an increase of 45 percent a day. New York Governor Coumau told a news conference that experts predict the epidemic will peak in the next 45 days, when New York state hospitals will need 55,000 to 110,000 beds, compared with 53,000 in the state Of the 18,500 to 37,000 ICU beds required, only 3,000 are currently in use, and 80% are in use. New York's mayor is considering issuing a shelter-in-place, which would require residents to stay indoors.

Jeffrey Young, former global head of foreign exchange at Citigroup and co-founder and CEO of Deepmacro, told Caijing that the US government's initiative to maintain a safe social distance, in the short term, it could limit the progression of the disease. But it comes at a price. The greater the social distance, the greater the short-term economic damage.

China is one of the first countries to implement and vigorously implement the policy of widening social distance, while other countries, such as Italy, have implemented it later. By contrast, Jeffery Young points out that stock markets have a tendency to trade short-term economic pain for control of the virus.

Consumption in the United States continues to collapse as a result of the outbreak, and visits to restaurants across the country are falling sharply, especially in the hardest-hit cities such as Seattle.

On March 16 local time, US President Donald Trump said, the US is "probably" heading for recession. US retail sales fell 0.5 per cent in February, with the market expecting growth of 0.2 per cent. Analysts believe that this will be the last round of not affected by the epidemic sales data, it is the current economic situation of little reference value.

The Federal Reserve said it would start lending to US companies and reactivate commercial paper tools from the financial crisis to help calm short-term debt markets. The Pentagon said it would provide up to 5M breathing masks to protect frontline staff. The Treasury Department said it would not punish many Americans for overdue taxes.

In addition, the Donald Trump administration says the details of a $1 trillion stimulus package are still being finalised and the final total could change. The US government expects up to $500bn in direct cash payments in two tranches of $250bn each, with officials hoping the first tranches will be dispatched quickly. The package also includes about $50 billion in aid for the airline industry, which has been hard hit by the epidemic, and up to $500 billion to support small businesses and meet other needs.

Sources say the U.S. Congress is hotly debating whether to give every American adult a $1,000 cash allowance. Mnuchin told Republican senators on March 17 that the government hopes to send the first checks to the public by the end of April. MNUCHIN also said the first payments would be equivalent to about two weeks'wages, and that asset reviews would be conducted to ensure that aid would not go to the wealthy.

Europe is on the warpath

In Europe, there were more than 8,500 new cases of coronary pneumonia in 24 hours. This has led to more aggressive anti-epidemic measures across Europe.

On the evening of March 17 local time, the European Council announced that in order to curb the spread of the new coronavirus, EU member states agreed to strengthen external border controls and unanimously imposed a 30-day restriction on "non-essential travel" to Europe. France declared a "state of war" against the plague, becoming the third country in Europe to impose total martial law. As of 1500 hours on 17 March, 7,730 cases and 175 deaths had been confirmed in the country.

The prime minister, Johnson, has also sharply stepped up the campaign, calling on Britons to suspend social activities and advising people over 70 with potential health problems to be quarantined at home. As of March 17,1,950 cases had been confirmed in the country, an increase of 407 cases in 24 hours.

From March 18, the European multi-country anti-epidemic escalation measures will enter the implementation phase. Foreigners and stateless citizens of all nationalities will be barred from Russia; all shops in Greece will be temporarily closed. In addition, all primary and secondary schools in Austria will be closed and schools throughout Finland will be closed.

Financial markets were caught off guard by the suspension of business operations and the cancellation of large-scale anti-epidemic measures. Cinema Operator Cineworld Group slumped 43 per cent, the biggest faller on the Stoxx 600, while restaurant operator SSP Group slumped 33 per cent after the UK advised people to avoid social activities to contain the virus.

Central banks have also eased after the Fed's monetary easing. On March 16, the Bank of New Zealand cut its benchmark interest rate by 75 basis points to 0.25 per cent. The Bank of Korea also announced an emergency 50 basis point cut in interest rates to 0.75 percent. On the same day, the Bank of Japan held a regular monetary policy meeting ahead of schedule and decided to further ease monetary policy by expanding its asset purchase program and other means. And in earlier time, Canada, Britain, Australia and other countries' central banks have "pre-emptive" , the initiative to cut interest rates.

In the case of the epidemic, Central Bank measures are considered to have little effect, plunging oil prices have aggravated the pain of investors, many countries actively launched a series of economic stimulus policies, including tax cuts, investment and so on. On March 16, the Brazilian Economy Minister, Paul, announced that the Brazilian government had launched an emergency package of 147.3 billion reais, or $29.3 billion, over three months to deal with the impact of the new pneumonia outbreak on the Brazilian economy.

Britain's Chancellor of the Exchequer, Jack Sunak, announced on March 17th that the government would lend # 330bn to tide companies over. The government will provide # 25,000 to each small business not covered by insurance. In addition, affected individuals and businesses may be allowed to defer or reduce loan repayments for up to three months in order to reduce the risk of bankruptcy and to reduce economic pressures during special periods.

France's economic measures, starting from March 17, will suspend the collection of rent and water, electricity, gas, enterprises to pay, a wide-ranging promotion of "partial unemployment" measures, promising to provide a $300bn "state guarantee" for corporate bank loans, the government said it would not expose any company to the risk of bankruptcy or deprive any Frenchman of a source of income.

Spain's prime minister, Sánchez, soothed markets on March 17th by unveiling a massive $200bn stimulus package. The program amounts to 20 percent of Spain's gross domestic product. "This is an extraordinary measure, without precedent in our democratic history, " said Sánchez, Spain's prime minister, half of which will be used to provide credit guarantees for companies and social services, a further portion will be used to provide assistance and loans to vulnerable groups. Spanish stocks rose 6 per cent on the news.

"We want to protect jobs and we want companies to know that the government is going to help them, " Sánchez added

Read more about the outbreak in pictures

Editor in chief | Lilijiang Jiang Jiang@caijing. COM.CN
This is an original article from CAIJING magazine, which can not be reproduced or mirrored without authorization. For reprinting, please leave a message at the end of the article to request and obtain authorization.

Editor in chief | Lilijiang Jiang Jiang@caijing. COM.CN

This is an original article from CAIJING magazine, which can not be reproduced or mirrored without authorization. For reprinting, please leave a message at the end of the article to request and obtain authorization.

Go to "discover"-"take a look" browse "friends watching"

Sent

####Send it to take a look

Sending

A scan of wechat
Pay attention to the account


-------------
title: US and Europe speed up money distribution to fight epidemic
source: cai-jing-za-zhi-/-cai-jing-shi-yi-ren
authors: _
editors: _
proofreader: _
photographer: _
translator: _
via: https://github.com/2019ncovmemory/nCovMemory
link: https://mp.weixin.qq.com/s/gxMGO0tRREVMggQjVJbv2w
archive: http://archive.today/JtkL6
snapshot: https://github.com/2019ncovmemory/nCovMemory/blob/master/archive/jpg/3777.jpg
lead: Judging by the stock market's performance, the market is more inclined to agree to trade short-term inconvenience and economic pain for control of the virus
cover: data:image/jpeg;base64,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
