##Epidemic Period Special Chapter (only the dead grass-roots cadres are good cadres)

Micro-signal Mengbeiyu

Feature Introduction, an anachronistic cynic's thought and attempt.

As a special chapter of the epidemic: Only the dead cadres are good cadres

Today is Friday, but there is no difference for all the staff in Niaoyuhuazhen. Everyone has been working for many consecutive days. No one dares to put forward the idea of giving grass-roots workers a holiday. This is "politically incorrect" .

I thought of my dad, who worked so close to home but only went back a few times a year.

In the morning, there was a video conference on epidemic prevention and control work throughout the city. A very long conference was held. After the city spoke, after the county spoke, after the county spoke, after the township spoke. Although only three people actually spoke in the whole conference, it was still held for 4.5 hours, from 9 a.m. to 1:30 p.m. , the average leader speaks for 1.5 hours.

I have forgotten most of the contents of the meeting. Only one paragraph of a city leader's words I remember clearly. The original words can not be recited. Anyway, it means that the work style of the majority of grass-roots cadres is not true and the work is perfunctory, the city government gave grass-roots cadres 2 days to check the population data, the results of the check out, either there are a lot of information errors, or the existence of missing the situation, until now there are districts and counties in the report of missing personnel. Many cadres at the grass-roots level are tired of complaining, can not endure hardship, can not work overtime, and always want to be lazy. They are not aware of the importance of epidemic prevention in their minds, and their work style is very questionable. In this epidemic prevention and control work, the Municipal Commission for Discipline Inspection will focus on the work style of grass-roots cadres. It will investigate and punish a number of cadres and deal with them seriously to see who dares to slacken off and who dares not to attract attention.

As soon as the conversation turned around, the city leader said, we have fallen many grass-roots cadres in this epidemic prevention work. They are all excellent comrades. We want to call on everyone to follow the example of these fallen comrades and learn from them!

Unfortunately, I did not record the words of the city leader, he said the scene than I paraphrase a lot of wonderful, a lot of bureaucratic common words I do not say, a lot less sense of irony. What you can clearly feel is that the first half of his speech is constantly forcing the grass-roots cadres to tighten every string 24 hours a day, while the latter part of his speech actually seems to care about the deceased grass-roots cadres to come.

I really hope that in the latter part of his speech, he can mention encouraging the cadres at the grass-roots level to have a reasonable rest, but unfortunately he did not, and he did not think he would mention this, because his mentioning this would contradict the first part of his speech.

The speech of the city leader made me feel that he treated the grass-roots cadres as fools, and he felt that as long as he lifted his arms, everyone would go to the devil to die. It's not that you can't go forward, it's just that you have to give people a reason to go forward: for an obvious formalism? For a decision that the grassroots couldn't understand? To Save the city's leadership? For a city boss who doesn't care about us or even hates us? No, that's not good enough.

He doesn't care about us at all, doesn't care about these grass-roots cadres. He makes me feel that our lives are only a number in his eyes. Some grass-roots cadres are exhausted to death, and some grass-roots cadres are exhausted, it's just a simple number to him. It doesn't mean anything.

Just as I suspect he doesn't care how many people in Sanjiang have COVID-19 pneumonia, he only cares so much because it will affect his political performance, so he has to.

How many people are diagnosed, is very important to him, so he's very concerned about controlling the growth of this number, even if it's just on paper. I guess he knows that if we take seriously the counties and townships that continue to report missing members, we will find that missing members at the grassroots level will choose not to report because they are afraid of being dealt with, but at least the paper data will be preserved.

Unfortunately, how many grass-roots cadres tired to death collapsed, no one will care, not to affect the performance of the city leaders, so the city leaders do not care.

How I wish I could add one item to the assessment of political achievements, that is, how many cadres died under the leadership of that leader. I hope this can become a blot on the political achievements of local leaders, that, at least, would prompt every local government official to be more or less concerned about the fatigue of his subordinates. However, contrary to expectations, many people have a kind of sick mentality, thinking that it is a glorious thing to work hard to die, and that it is a thing worth showing off that one has subordinates who died in the line of duty, it is morbid that the misfortune of a subordinate becomes a shining military merit badge on the chest of these bureaucrats.

So, fellow grass-roots colleagues, I am not here to advocate you lazy, we all have to achieve their own value in the post, but the way to achieve their value in the post is not through exhaustion to prove.

In fact, it proves that you are exhausted, no one cares except your family, including me, if you fall, it's only a passage I read in the news, we are grass-roots cadres, in the eyes of others, it seems to be for the purpose of "working hard and dying" . We should take care of our own body, because you are not only you, you also have family, and they want you by their side, instead of getting a monthly pension from the Bureau of Civil Affairs.

Like most people in society, cadres who have no work experience at the grass-roots level are easily hostile to the grass-roots cadres. you go out on the street and talk to anyone at random. In their eyes, 99% of the town and village cadres are corrupt officials who victimize the people, including me and many young civil servants, before joining the Civil Service, we also thought so. If it is understandable that many people have a bias against government institutions because they do not know them, it would be sheer folly for a higher-ranking official, who is also a civil servant, to hold such a prejudice against grassroots cadres.

Many provincial, municipal and county-level leaders, well-connected families and high-caliber students who graduated from prestigious schools, rose through the ranks as soon as they entered officialdom, lacked sufficient grass-roots experience, and easily, like most people in society, possessed a sense of cheap justice, but to the basic level cadre holds the obstinate prejudice. In their view:

Only the dead cadres at the grass-roots level are good cadres at the grass-roots level. Are there good cadres at the grass-roots level? Yeah, it's either on the news or on the wall. So if you are a grass-roots cadre, and you are not living in the news, and not hanging on the wall, then you must be a corrupt official, at least a corpse of the cadre, certainly not a good cadre.

The entire city of Sanjiang has a population of one million, and this city leader actually thought that given two days for grassroots cadres, they could get a clear picture of all the People's names, recent trajectories, health conditions, contact with people, and the places where they were present, if he wasn't so inexperienced at the grassroots level, I'm sure he would consider the census-takers a bunch of losers.

Because in the leader's eyes 2 days can check out the information, unexpectedly every census, economic census to do so long!

Grass-roots cadres need to care, not just talk about it, but in real life most of the bureaucrats are whipping grass-roots cadres crazily while threatening the grass-roots with a chopper of the Discipline Inspection Commission, while Crocodile tears the memory of his fallen subordinates.

What the grass-roots cadres need is not the tears of the leaders at higher levels, what we need is a "holiday and rest" .

Since January 25, we have been working for 1 month and 5 days. The year before last, we worked hard for 100 days to fight poverty. Last year, we worked for six months to fight floods and provide emergency relief. I bet that after this year's epidemic, county leaders can also think of a reason why everyone should not take a holiday for several months. It may be "100 days of hard work in demolishing tourist areas" , "three months of hard work in revitalizing rural areas" , or "five months of hard work in protecting the environment" , maybe it's the 180 days of urban and rural sanitation..

Share this article with everyone you know

WECHAT SWEEPS UP Praise for author

####Send it to the author

People Admire

Long-press the QR code to transfer the funds to me

WECHAT's iOS version of the APP has been turned off to support public accounts through Qr code transfers due to apple's new rules.

Go to "discover"-"take a look" browse "friends watching"

Sent

####Send it to take a look

Sending

A scan of wechat
Pay attention to the account


-------------
title: Epidemic Period Special Chapter (only the dead grass-roots cadres are good cadres)
source: ji-ceng-xu-gou-gu-shi
authors: _
editors: _
proofreader: _
photographer: _
translator: _
via: https://github.com/2019ncovmemory/nCovMemory
link: https://mp.weixin.qq.com/s/Fq_cH0wFpKPK-lGuHGOQ7A
archive: http://archive.ph/gogSZ
snapshot: https://github.com/2019ncovmemory/nCovMemory/blob/master/archive/jpg/2242.jpg
lead: Only the dead grass-roots cadres are good cadres. Are there good cadres at the grass-roots level? Yeah, it's either on the news or on the wall. So if you are not in the news or hanging on the wall as a grass-roots cadre, you must be a corrupt official, or at least a dead-end cadre, not a good one. It is never the work itself that wears down the grass-roots cadres.
cover: data:image/jpeg;base64,/9j/4AAQSkZJRgABAQAAAQABAAD/2wBDAAMCAgMCAgMDAwMEAwMEBQgFBQQEBQoHBwYIDAoMDAsKCwsNDhIQDQ4RDgsLEBYQERMUFRUVDA8XGBYUGBIUFRT/2wBDAQMEBAUEBQkFBQkUDQsNFBQUFBQUFBQUFBQUFBQUFBQUFBQUFBQUFBQUFBQUFBQUFBQUFBQUFBQUFBQUFBQUFBT/wAARCADMAeADAREAAhEBAxEB/8QAHQAAAgMBAQEBAQAAAAAAAAAABQYDBAcIAgEACf/EAEUQAAEDAgQEAwQIBAUDAwUBAAECAwQFEQAGEiEHEzFBIlFhFDJxgQgVI0KRobHBUtHh8BYkM2JyQ4LxCRdEJSY1VJKy/8QAHAEAAgIDAQEAAAAAAAAAAAAAAwQCBQABBgcI/8QAOREAAgIBAwMDAgQFAwQCAwEAAQIAAxEEEiEFMUETIlEGYRQycaEjgZGx0ULB8BUkM+EH8SVSYoL/2gAMAwEAAhEDEQA/AOQwsKfWFIJ32uMefT04nMfOE+ZE06rO0h9VotRSADcDS591RHl2xT9SoNtW9e4mIcNiB+IWVUU2uONLZWWXlaglH3VXN8S6fqS9WD3HEnYu6Kk19cFlhk3KgdKdzvvi3Qb8tK9zs4kEpcsamHApKVDUEFNr+WCrt/MIIkmOnBqqP0quusa9EeTYKB6avun44rtfgqD5haF5M6Bp+XY9amOypCuXIQkICNX2awN9x6Hvigz3BOI16hUYErRIzb7M6Q8tKmGFctSibjzN7+lsKIm/JEZLFSF+YkZncFQpbtUQlKDHfCkLvZSgCOnpiy04KNs+YwP/ANTNTp1YK4kB5y5aeCQEJ3Cgod8CZueZXlOSBBuY6c1SKkVtRwt3V4bDxKHUj8MCKBDgQtTGxeZVclQs6uoWyt1h2OLKbTsL9L4Zc+pwZHa1GfOYPzDGbplClo1F1woOkK6qV2xKusDiYHLNmLMfMciJJZ9kiOQOYjS82sixV6Yh6ZTJzJlAw93M9eyVRx1x6YyVtNpOpSx9mQept3wdWUDibwvYSJxunz4a1IQ2tLfgTyx38hiZys0Mq2I65belRItPddHKlNWFidwRum/yxzFz7LiyfMdx6iYM6bpuYmjllFVU0t5KWgtSGhqPrYY7rT6gW0i0eZxx07G30uxziVXp1Zq0gojo5DFwpKiNygjv64MxbxAFAhIPeTQ8nLce5kx4qVp07Hc+uBqmO83uxwJc00XJ7Mh9x1qJzCFOrWoArI7403p0gueJNQ9nAiBmf6QVKpxWzSmFz3egXayb4SbWoPyDMfr0TnlziZFmvjHWq6vlSagmEy4dKWWlaSb7W2OEWsusBJPH2lnXRXX4iFmCfIpsp1hTJW8m2p1w3A2viOnAuAfPBjm3HE+8Mc5Pxq9JXUY7VQp7jZbdirRtoud0+uAdW0X4igCptrjkH7wtR2HkR1zVw4g0+gyK1QkGfRnAV6Ei62L9UkddsV/SetMznR6323D+jfcTV1BPvTtESLDjGnuu7rSsANp7pN+4x0b3FjiA2kcS3GdAeQpLyho6oSN74Ex4klE6QyO6tjKNNiJhuPOpZMhRCbnffHiPV8PrbLS/BOJaVgBBCVKqSKqX477DgDY8IO1zisuqNIDKe8LMJizszZyzTNoEdetiEtSkpNzpTqJt8Me79I0aW6dCvkCUeosWrJaallKtS8l1lNShtKKUICJUO3gcFtwf2PbBep9Fq1lRRhgjscdj/wA7xVLiOM94c4j0um1rLH1vTWVGIhvV7KoXcYWrcgjt2/8AGPPul3Gq6zS6k/xM/wBcSzcNgMO0xzMMGU2mkj2hppxa+ctq/jSkDa+OtCBRzBod2ZUl0+cqTCbioSZLd3PGbC2CoygczYwAcx4cqdWOVW0vyVRi66SoFVyQnpb0vipLg6s7ecCSCDZmDMs5yqseSp6VUlPxU3Q6lKTcjt8xguqqW5eOCOxmIuwxogINZqhkPrXNafQPZl3sEJ/nim9Yr7W7jiOhQBkS887LjcVsvMMND2VhAS9rJCDYXuR38vngX8M6Znx7h2+ZmcE/edBMZxTUkqLyipWrQ02yN1dtsdx9N6lba2Dj3E8feUOr04q/IePM9cPKm9mSv1umUyLIkxoKgX1ueHSs72A77Yjofp2+zUaixDgbuR5/xB6zXVVohbuR3miQlUaDnKn01LyV1N1suMpbT4Cke8SfMYVb6dCdXoFdmTgnPj7ymt1Ntmmdj+Xznv8AaNMqu8mY5TUoAdU5ov23749Iq05Ss0E5lZXpdyfiCeAMzm3inSTM4g1CPIQluXTE+0tEkWca0nb5HHm3V6jRrXTxjP7TuOnuH0yuPMwooS6/qP2YUVKN+3U45ck95fYxxG+lvRxFZo0oWSW0rQpR6L6/nhUkjJmhnO4TQKFJZh0xhhKCtKlKSopGwtittf3A4hMEkmNTzjT1IsEBTAsBv0xOx1sr2kZESVSt3fmLs90ux1IbX7PpIsb9R5YAgAHHEsAMcmQuLXFaUpshVxqCydj1w0RxxIjmBJLJmtHUlKze6m1bBVu2Abc8yXjEXcyRnTETGShsxnCQ4kDuPcRfyxZUWDGIqy85legBmgw1O1FxqDESAXmgdKErJuLY1a298Lyf3mLCCqmzTXXZb0tCqehPMWom4Xf3bYDWrk4HeGOMSFcSBV3WJ0VRfirUX2neg5hv4VDB3ssGVYwYAg+pV+bBqceJEaivQki0gqVdTqjfVo87YimlSwFmY7v2my+BKNYkpj0QTorbklpP+itR0qSo3G/w9cMUqWba0gSJz/QBFZrOam5L4KyFOFazuSbi+Ow1Rdq6mURNNoLToGrUcucNKW+ptRb0ApKvKwx5DTdjqNig85/3jLjKTnriYjlQULUQE8wjxHpj1noOdzD7Sk1Q9kw4OkPEF0KNwNPcDpfHbDkZkdwEqVJ1yCtLoWlBQrVq6K26WODVruGDF7G28zWnJX+O8jxKshX+aas1IA7LHRX/AHDHOtX+E1BXwY0jh04mTVttxT7CkqBW2vT16i/fF/TypzK+0EmNjEeRVIjZXFCkoGylCxt6DFc1iVMRujKoSJ6ixBAp7ri2+S8V3ABsfTAmb1G7xulMCarkXMLsynxmS77W86rQ5zNlNntY9/nil1agEibNeDmN8GmMMUabBlJv7RL5iwfvJI/oMao4Tb2MG5JcMPAiLxDEd6WxSaXHckvtCymWkbC/Uk4sK8VguxwIWonBLTQcnvQWqHS3Ku97H7GkIWHNiCNsBXa5yYvaG3EL5g7iNmmOlEmZTFtuoaUlLayr3T54wKLLdo7SdKFF98RmM7e2Wk0xChPcACmoqCoqV36djhr8M4OT2kjZXjB5h9ik5hzEuK/Mh+xISLLW6brI8gntiRVEzzmLBwOFEa2aNEcQ0hcZlbjPuqSjxE+eFnbMkoMIO5ddqEJ5C0gNlJBSepGFjaFOM8wqqe8xmO1JyhV5DEWnGW4pz7JS9kJHqcWRZbEyxxJH3dzHaLKlSJ7ofbKH3EglKU+EEDwkY5u8Ky7lMcp9vE3TgzmNtVMehPuJSGjqRrP3T1GLjpF42NUx7ciUfU6drhx5jVmTitl3LSFB2Wh10DZpnc4urNVXXxnJlXXprbPEyXMv0hKrUgtulR0wmDcc5Zur+mK2zW2HheJZ16FF/OczGcy8RBIceen1B6pSL+42q4v237YDXRbd3/ePDZXwoi6mu1WuvIixkCnc66UbXVbrcnDy6WtPzcyLOcZjBlDJEVOYYbUyQuXKU5zSpVyNjf8AbCmv1BrobZx4m6QWaMvEymN1KdBTGCUJf1LdWBubdBhbSkVVD9IdWyWzFiZlCTlqZBdZCnWpFkqVb3fjhs2b1IaTR1bM0SiZhqGVFuSWEtyGSkc+MtXhdR328/XHOa/pteuTDcMOx8iEqu2HEs1LJUHNFMazFlNQVT1K5kmEB9oyq9zYft+GKvR9Tt0l34HqXD+G8GFdAw3JEEwlu1NxwpCVyFBKbCw3NrjHV2WbULfHMAo4xOrqJxnyxw/psCHKSgutJS2eakfeIBt59MeBar6e6h1Gx7Vzg5PH2jVlYsBXdiHcwPQcxUhFfobTehb+ymvd07jfFTplt0tv4TVE5A8wteVAQnJmfcGlMZI45utVRph9qrIWC4ABYkXAOPp/6E1td61oo4xjmcr1+pmpJB7czbYPB2nzq3VpBWkRnEBxtI6KNztj2jU9KrGXx3nI169yFVe85kmZ5cyhxSq/ISH6VKd5D8U9ClG23qN8eCa/pFXUaWK+1wSVP8z+xne03tXjdyMDMWeJlARTJLFapqlTKRPXrDt7lq/3f76dMVeg1bXM2nvG2xfHzLMKAMr2i7SsxGl1ESXlqkNlBToUegHTFtsyIJlyMCFMz5yMCm0llbJWpUcukDoCs4S0um9Sx3z5/tJn2gLKVAqL1aWiGeWwEnUvl/8AUGGLqwg4kVbmapk6qxWViEtxRJfQlCUjcfPHNaykgFxGkbxClUiTX64HWHuW888ptlSlWuDsAT8hherb6ODzItnMNNrl5GiNNVSWXJSVKspvqnuP79cP9M1Fbvu7KIvenHt8xz+ilntvLFYzYK4pxpmoOIW3NWdSUlIVcK7km4/DHoX091Kql7VvbG7nJ/nOb6zo3uVDUPy+I7Fqfn/MVNrNCcMVuiOBtgOnxuG91LUPIjtg9pv1N1V+h5FfAz378k/YwFSV1UvVqO7f8Ea6/mJUfPcRtxkguONpU437pXexHwx0S3p+L9Fu58j5gUVk0pA/L/tF3NNJjTfpJJRUdDUFVNBK3TZKibi34Y5nWaauzrai4e0jz+kb0lrp0v8Ah8tn/eYHxIydGo+e5DcB8SqQ84OQ42PD13F/jjz3WUrTe9SHKgnB+3/qddpL2toBcYbHMH5j5IzK7pUEuIUkJPQADCRTgiNVk7czX8r+zzaNBJbs64lSybdd98JKiBdpHMGzEMTmMdUYaaoV0pOpdwEJHbzwo6qQQO8WpdjeQewidJditQm1o8YSnoDucDUIFBEtRnMoCb7QosuK5aSLpT+2Jg5ypm8Y5EC16QthJbbWpAHU279sbRQTgzXiINBXKaqUlJcfm810JcTIJ0lXUKQPTFnaFKDaAMDx/vFecnMM5lgypakMKaZloTZTSVp2cX0UT52wKlgDnPM3iUpKGUIZjJ06gQhCbXQlY6beV8EQknMkeBLjFQZyrGemTyp1SNLRbbRcOL6kpSNtsDZGufC95AEAZkfs8J9KJUcJ5S03jOqNi2T72oenXE0LJlW7zR5ixWc0zk1htmI6wulcst+zJF1vi3iUPnh+mhWUsfzSBJE5yq0J2v5/lRKWpTCFOElKrdL3srHcVulOjD2yqKM920Tr/ONUQrh/RqWF8t1hoayBYE2Ax4Loaf8A8hZcRwTLmxQoP3nL/E98vstIWoqSFKt2sfPbHtvQkALEfEoNYfaBMPnsy2Ku8683yS2rlBJ3tbqcdZWVKDEUfO4kwfIp8mopTrcBDjgsg9Ui9gcMLYtfaBZDZxNTyDKay3Mbpch0mnzEBh0+Sj7qvxxzusB1ALjuJZ10+muBB1XyWim5ukJfCkt7r6bXH93xOvVE6fC95D0gXzCBrKI+yARp2Fjb8MJeizckxoLBNTmqqMiwto9MN1oEUwyDEcOGNXjUyr8uWrS24PCq9rK+OK/V1GzBHiZYDtOJq2Y6guXSEVCEClKF6Vk7k4hjjdK+ke7Y0ii05NIU3OWW3S9Hu6sbaje6T+2A5J5MMfdlRB8yDGzwlCUrKXYklJebCjpWn1wyhKjIHJm+au8Tsq0yFVqvOpsllUiCiSVFAJt4VHa+GXcptbzCWjKTcYdHptEiMpgQ2o7NrJLbYGIu7eTKpR4kwsrYDY4FuhAMQDDbcpmbdSySxKRy9+gUNx+O4wO0+ziHrHMd2U+E2Fr4qsxwTPK3QWl5gCFJWptar/ZmwHffDb3ba/vAheYi1XOL9MnjloLoW4QUpPuoB64ImhD198GMI2DDL9UkIjKfiFSGVDmKKQbhJ7WGK+pNj7W7yVpVxEOTxFZlylx4TBkvqJHMd2HTyx0S6FlG5ziV/qKOBKkahZhzVTnH5bxaaKtIQnwpv8PUYcHo0n2CC3E8MYRgUKDRHI8eQnWoWUq/TETYXOZID28S7linuiuuzSCUh2yb9An0xpn4xMbGMRxoTSos+qzeUUuR2FltSuhJ6YoOoNu21fJjWnGBn4lGtTeWiBIJ0upSELR2v54YQDBAmKO4jPmmqQkZfjFDoLqgkNp6m/fE/wAwwICtTvMQIrVQfzc64+pwQ9J26i3lghZPS+8Z428RqpmZKhkhyPNoyw24hYQtpz3HUE7pUO+KfW6GjqFZqvH6HyD8iTqcq2ZqTOVqLnxLOYaPoizWhzplLvfe3voHx/vz4ttbqumZ0Os9ynhX/wBjGgFY7lmLz4Aq4S3VTccxZCjcKQQTtj0GkhFHp/AiZJycTbfo75lkvQKpllp5K4y081LbpuQL2uPLHln1doq0tr1pHPb/AO47SAxG7uIG4yoZpWcIr7anG3VKSlRSSNO2xB7dMdT9Dap0U7uwgeo0h0xHLJ/FyueyNQW5+tsC55m6gkA3F++Petb1500ZFTc9uZw1fTEN25hMgphVU6tVZElvmOqWtaD5lRP7HHKV1bUl4TzLFMzS1ldz6lrDanqfNXy+WRq0k/eGOU6p042/9xVxYvP6/aXOmfjb4ipnvJb+VqxFbbcVIiTnUpYUB2PYnzwLQawauot2Ze8MRtODK2cgHak9HIKSwENJT6JGGdEClYJ88yDHJlSgGXDiPSGmee+QeWEHe2GrArnB7QfGZpOUKTWWJdInz02Qu7q9t02G18UWsVNrKsMjjJE1qgVGFVJZS02mQtKgWVq/jBv08r45u+oqCR2/zCgkjBkeb6g1Lr6hWWVImSFbBsAISm1gME6cAFIX5kXTavt8Ro4DTITdUlUpbbPs6XVKHOG6r9QCcerfTmg0mqs239+cZnMdT1NtC7k57TpXKVLj0CNObiwAh6Q6CpxXfsBjvK+lU9ORxTzu55nOvedWQ7nGIQ4h0pleXxKSwgSY7rS0rSLFPiF98Hr01Rf1Co3Y7ytrvdTtzwZlX0r8vMIy6zXC4W3yERbDYqvc9fxxxH1LpAduozz2nUdD1By1P85z9kQmrQF0qU8DZwPRVX3TY3Kf3/HHmTcnaZ2LDYd4gOtPINUeW+lXMLt0gjfbCvcmOJwoxNkym3JFRhxFKCWHY6C2joQbbj54p7jj3CCZgqFviPdZkstw2UrTpXp3bA7d8B9VC3HeIaZGLsQeIo0/Ls7NU16NRqeqQG7bpFkpue5OwxYaPp+p17lNLWWI+P8AeWN+rp0iBr3xJc28PatlGCmbOiBpsmxXqCgD5Ejph3W9H1vT1D6mvaD+h/tFtJ1PTaxilLZI/lM7nTW5MZxZOp0DpbFUq+TLWLkxTtPgJW2lwuru208LeG43UcNVhW4MXYcyvkhLvITGKnnmipS0vSiSpo9yPQ4leRu3AAfpIrmT1Ivxa0EIaaQvmABBTcLR3Px74yrBGZs9uZBWWvrMf5OoBTQ+xQQQrkub3J8j64IBtIyJASrLqTOUopWuK7MfkkNctpPvpHvLwRKzaSM4xMJgmoQ4SmfaW1IQzb7N7qWkdVJUOxFsFqZh7fM0eZi1KkRpnE95EC6FqWVFwNlIIx02qVk6floqhBt4m+8T5SWqVSmkK5Ki34lFJNwbf3tjyvo1Ze6xjzzH9T2E5tzhVUtspCXEqRrIKnOuPZukVkMWPxOb1be3EyeLMdqVH5ru02GA0+VdTt4VfMbX8xjorKfSswOx7RCpyy89xPGXefXJ6GuWA0lQWVj0wO8rUmYzTl3xD0pYelK76D1+GK0cDMulGRHyZJ+v8tsz7pW8wkRZB+8Oulf7YrQnpvgQBG1sTOnHHFPLRcHfc+WLQAYhlxPSn0wmlLWoJHnjYXdwJhYLyZ7j1VK2ud7iQSQT0OItWe0kGBGZr3DmvM1HLBSl9TiFua1JO4QEndNsVWorZGKkRM4Lblheux5NSy9OTFlc11bZLQRt3uBb5YBQArjd2hQwBi7w7zJKfzRoeZ5Dr8coWgHYlPQ4fesIvtk7VymY8ZMapFEqciA+lTcqcpSyALhK79QfI4WDbmy/6ROzey5HiOEF9zlvxHT42lbeo7HEyeMHxF+O4k7RsOvrbA88Sc8VCOmS2FotqaUFA27jGmOVm0ODzKFQzKiO0VzpbcSOBv4tIOAJUGOAIyWIijFztDzZInxKMteqKjUqQtJSg+g8ziV9Jo2mwd5pGDZxBsCmRJwfjR3UJqkhJCebt062w7XzIOSvJ7T8lJobjUqPKUxKjp5bjV9SDbrthe7T16hSjiSrds5l2PlDLecpjFUjBqlVgnxIRYNPqt5djimOr1nTB6VmXq+fIhjWlnbgyFmDJy3VJVPqKVxmX7JbKh4QrsQcXmm1NWrr3VNkRSyor3gqo0EmNIbkvXmuIUUFJv08sOA7JoN8dpYyqlTNLRHXp0NtFRdJ9NsCd8kmSK5h0o9lyOh32hSnZRSNz2G9vyxQufU1YH/6iO1jCmCfrCKujCQ+mwA0HUO4xZAHOB3g9p3cRerVaRIpzDjBs6FgJwxXXhiGk9uIXy/mv2yUYctKWVtptt944g9W0bgeIMr5EH1etSUP8l1glC1WQo9gDjVdYPOYRQAOI58Pcz1XL0ao1IMezuQGkBl1e+oqV0I7jFN1TSU6v09M/IY8/wApJDt3MJo9Yy/R+MsGVUaNyqbm1pAXLp2qzckD76PX+z545WvUaj6esGn1XuoP5W+Psf8An6SQxZyO8m+i1lVSuL0v2uJpQzDWhbLwIW2oEb2xV/XOsUdJU1N3YYx5g7bGqpYg4MZ+M+TZNcjyDG0h5l/TrbRew1G+KL6d6mujdWPYiWjD1Kwf0iZl7h1MyVR5FVnSlPJ5DngI3F+mPROn9eHU9culRfv3+IhqKhXWXiFSMw8kSS4kJWAojT28sevbcic+veTUqloqtSiVqrnRTmX0qCld7dsct1VmFbVp3MtaDjiPNOrcDOk9yHLZQYbbocYJG7djsb/LHEHSPpFFqHB8/eOb92QZnPEaiy6fLnzG2UhhwlKHr3uPMY6zS3VXVLtMWAIbBilznIsCKpiQpLqzq1N9NPe/xwzgEnIhBNXy/Va27l2WJyShLbIS052IOwxRalQrAA8TabSeIeyTVXfbxEbDbbqtgpPUkC9z64rdSa0QtZ2hUUk8R1YeRxDnLhJQE1uAqx/3J/iGKzSoyWAp+VoWzhDmTZdei0Csu02oMuicXA62636Hv5Y9I6HWdRaOe3M5zXuKqixnb9DLUykw3rBXMbQu/rbHrIs3DE4GwkOcT1X6Wqr01yKlzlhZTqJF7gG5H5Y0Sw5EEO/Mz3j3lZrN2VFxXNREdC306eyrWBxQdSrXUqUPPBl/0lvTct+k4u4WxHhmyKlw6EM61eI9ClJ/fHi7ptbBno1jjZkTZ+HPDGFxVzGxOkMPikaXDIeYNvtEmwRftf8AbDPQ+n/9S1fpXA7Ockf2/nKfqOubQ0+wjcewM3bOvD+jU3K8qVT4TUSbFSlbT4uVjSel79/3x131H0HQafpb20JtZcc8k95zfTOpam3VqlzEq3BEzysxFKogkTGljmfZcztfHi9NFjV+rYP5zsqLQLjXWe3OJsPDzJsbJ1DDDK3FuP6XXS5b3tI2HoMfSn070hOk6MKCSz4Y/rjsPsJ5z1LXPrry7DAHA/TMDcdGkO8P5l0Ba0uIUi/Y3/l+uKf6zK/9PAxzuGP3j309n8cMfBnIzsjlpeK+Wl0XACuwx4qvJ5nqR4iP/iOe5V5bEx9C4NgAwyjxo3sFDFmtKekGUc/MWYndLmY5D8aAuMkPsKebClvMqF9A6JFu5wOpRuyZr7SBn2tinsnSqS4GtAU8buNp7qPrbBdo3GazK+WacqmPOBtKIbDqypyyrhxsDdRv0OCWH1O/JkO0sVJmLXj7RBnLeiOEAONqJ5Wnqk/HfAlzWcMMTAeIBruYf8MtoYRTlSzMVqktpIAS30BPrhqig3ktnGJottExmM97HxPRLacS3FW/p0ahfSegx1dqCzQGs98RFTi7M3jjNJmLYo60Oqba5N0K03Ke1h+GPLPp9VDWD7y21WcCcx50gsNx2S9KS0kLuo9dV/1x7F05zztE5zUqCOTIpnDCqVPirNagRg1Gmhbimlmw5Xoe9jbFz+KS+r2d/EAmmZG3k8eYPFFeyBGnxnklEorKST3AxUvYdQ4z4j9NXpgwHFeKiouGyibm4wXAEbB4hvKVcVCqbqHVaqY+ExZSVe6kKPhV8jiNlQZPv4ilr8yOuU12kVSVHcSA42rSrT38iPj1xpSGXIhqzxFmvRhUUNtF0ti/UDDVLbCTiQuXeNuZ8qbqKXR1Noc1EJ0pUMTpX1LcmCub06jiMPCV2oUnLFUktKcC0q5rQI2Jtv8AiMA6iUe5ViuiUis7puGSnGs2ZSaqcf7Jxo3caZO4UP2OKWygoxHxG9+1sHzD1LisVFDy41OQmrpQoIUgAEXG98AVyx245m3BXueItpRMdnRnHG+TVBpSUE+HWkkH8saBBOBC4AB+IxZdze1UJSGpR5VQiqU1IIPhWi+34YaI7RN6ynI7QvVc30Skvez+1CZNIJTGY8a9vQdMaFJ7ntBjJi09m+s15LjUZKKLEsLuLGt1V+1ugxsKijnmT2mC8lUJmrtVdyouOTnU3Q05K3KCAdwOmCbwvC8TLAVIlOiMTqbQg0hlKqjNkFtKmxbUhI963btirsxqNVwfao/eWAARMmfajl2q5elt1RTYmKjt3KEndJ+Hli2rwBt7RYutgxI6bU42YovtDqCJzqyjlDEXUqTNYK9u0sluMzPXDWnlSWbfZI64CUYjJmwTjIjbRM1R65GXRa/EXLg+6l1V+a15EHHN6jptlFn4nQNtfyPBjC2DGLORAecuHtRg1iDW6TL+saEgJSHG91I89Y/fDmh6zXcrafUrstHg/wC0xqMDKciU62kxo7LUVvmJluFvwC9h54sU9xJJ7QSDyYezJRloy7T4SVBBS34tW1ienzxWacbrntMLvCjEHTYENFDUiWmyUpAK77X6A4dVm3cQYYluIFodHj+zKceZ1JacLbabe96nB7LD4MmT4hqRCgslqT7KG7KClK77dcCDkjEHzyJbrTsOXynYqUqSfFe2xGNA4MimRkGVVxnouTag4h8rYlSwtAJ3CEjoPS4wsMWasHH5Rj+ZjAO1MQLSsxVOHLS5R1Ox6k0nmtP9CCOljh63S16hClwyp7iR3bOZ1HwL4t03MSXU1uM1TM4uMckvsnSH/I+h26fhjw36n6BqtGQdOxfTg5wfH/qHJN20DGM8/eagmsMxmDFQ0l6Qo6l6+vxOOJ/Ds7eoTgeI96JZ9xOBM34q1lFWyo63yg26t0JJb28F9x+WPXP/AI+6cx6m1uchF/cyv6iRVTtz3Mw9dGbEeS4WuW6sWAPfyx9DlcCc4hixmatSP8PRYCClLbLo1AfxXxz2sQE5lrR3Mu5Am6JcqSp/RpZcURfbYWv6Y5nWVgKBjyI2JHlfNSKrFXQ6uvXGcBDDyjctqJ2B9Dgeq0zUt+I0/cdx8yS9sGL82kSaTPkQ0t8os7Jvezg7EYfqvW5A+e8iZpOXc3SqbkiV7VDD63VBpCFHoANzitsbdqNg7ATAgxkSLJVWDNdgzHUcgPvpbSD1sdsVnUqt+ksVfAz/AEjNXDCaGw3PyvxMqkmMG/ZmIxcMgnqSOn64p+mXDUdPrBOCf9pK0QumkS3qhHzNZwtuhP8AqqubHHpP02/p6ha5zfU13UtOv+FlYlzqNBjuRXm2UNFXNcQQFC+1seqenizI7TgSylee8aqpXWYTnICwXiLkfwj1wPU3isYHeG0+nN2T4EW6xUGGcu1RxxYcbU2U3Jvvim0/LkHzLLYVcHtjmcM0Z9NOr1ekqH+XbQ4lCgbblQ6fIY8s6nSVusA+TO8pbfUg88TqPgVxBy7QOG1LisNlp9KTzAOq1km6icWvSerVdM0xHp5bPz3nOdS6ffqdSWzx4griLxrXUlOxWDy4t7csG5VY9Til6p1vUdSBXOF+PEs+ndLr0uHblvmDqlxCjSOFbLiylS0yLq1H3d+uK/0WbQBE75hVrFWta37YmuZd4x0SZRobsiU2hxSEhR1CxNsenab6hNVCrauSB3nG29Nc2Ns7TMOMfFR2qSHadAcZegFACilVzfHnXWup39Q1DFj7fA+J1/RunLQvqOPdMKqD/MkNlxAbSoXKzjn0XE6vnEXJzrEB9clbSUJuCClN9Z7A4bQFvaIu0E0WtT6ktxuc8JV3jyuUmwbP8B9MM2VIgykip+YWnOusTVJY5jTqN3FKVs55/LEEweZE9pJLYW5SlBPLa1pHNZtcpR5Dv1xIYVuYMHMG01tFDiuSJq0MR20lxxtoEIWk+6LDvg7j1WwvJmu0A1mNT66kT4ri3Yrq+aldyLL38B9OmD1s9J2NwRInkTnmrhpjiIkuEqmCYgKCRdKTrAH647JCW0bEdtp/sZWM222de8ew5ToFMZYXoQhJSEgAnv6Y8L+miHsd2E6HVdhickZ7jOuMxypBAsbA73N+wx7n0pgd05vVqSBNaiyJDktl5ATHlMXDEg76L9enUeeKHTWNU4O7E996r9I6Q6Jl0Y945H3+0QeKSWcyUdieyw+iqQlFuev/AKTpKidTfoNhvjp1VFAI7nv9/jE8XGnuQN6ng9vj9ZlpXyQVK8rHEgMwR4jXSYEBjKrqlqQ44+kly574TdrDcAOwirAAHM/e0DNWVW6kl0PTaaoQZljfUj/pOX/I4bao0vt8HkRfT27u0THiOavXsAbWt3wZRGy0sULLqszVeOy0C8lBK1IvsoDtjHvGnrJMXZPUIhOqcQZNMmKpSKSuIpCtGgiw2xqrQrYvq78xdtSazs2zY+BM1ql0h6SpOmLJJWpH8J3uLfHFdcSlxBh3/iKNsY1ypNamyJNAirYW2rSrUbXJxWuu59yiNptRNtpnyPAqcbmfWEVsNtnWX1LF9zviIQg5mmdG4UxWTERAp+aJXO8TroTcm9kqPUfjhtWLsuJJudoMV8iRoMXOCX4ji1tJNipQ8Th7k+mG73b0wGminBjvmVmbXKLGVlptSpD0klW1tCRcb4Uq2KxFkCCVPMOQEf4dhRKfMWHKg+AV8vYAYFZhAWE1za2R2EJsONtZgSwwpKGYiQUItvqPU/hhHRjLGz5k7uEwYs5urtQh5i0KChEdsUFO/wAQcWpUEFs8yNKKyz7AiRqmp2XEjlqax9osAW+eNAlppspwe0ihU6O2pVTfVzZi7qGk7o36HBNwAmsn8ohSLWw3Bcc9mDZbsS5574EW47SJr5xmV8rZ+lUnMy2Y7tmFmzjDgulYPmP3xT9Q6ZVrqs2DnwfIj1bmscTR4FKpuY2HZlHQ3EmpJ5kNz3Se5QccqdXq+ln0dX7k8MP94XYlvK94kzJNVqldqMRqPtGs2kOj3gOv53x1WkZbKg6nOYtYAneK1VzU61NbhzGEhClgKbA90g/exYpTkFgZpVBGRGx6ehhkMx4yNLniUEjocLE54g1X5MBKiPLqqTMXeOs8pDY9RvfElIAxC544liEzEj1yDSVm8W17XtbE9uQXMGckEjvLfEqniJKpbERQahspVqQk7aldz+GAaTBaxvnEKp9ozBDtSiMsMRHAGHFgBL6Tvf44sErd87RF2O3kmVnGzAdWpmQUy0uApfUqyj3FsQsqyCtg4hUsDcib5w44ts1IR4NVkpanrQEpmHovtpV6+uPJeufTp0+b9IMp3K/H6faWVF+fa81ukZGbzJBdcWoLCHFbH+EeWPbP/i/otNvTX1jjDsxH8hieffVXV30uoShRxjMyDiVRGsvTXoyQSVpsi3UHHoGu0noWlRAdP1v4ioPObK5TJFPmOqVzVM6tS7q2vffbHJa1cGddQwYRuy/EaYyhWnUKUFKQmOhSup1G5/XHJahs3Iv3zHATzAjdMjLjtPIfLb6PCU4Z3EyJYjiMuXMxxqmlqBUU8twq5UaQv3gR2P7fhin1OnahjdV28j/f/MIvIwYbqsd+l09uM4U3upfT3rmwthWlhaxsWE7DEqBsR3oyVCwADiHh0BBucFZdykHzJqZqNczbClZBnqj8svOhKXHCTrPxxw+g0Ooo6gA+doHHxGHYFYL4L8Rm6FmOEzV1OzqEl1HPju7hG+yh6Dy8sem9M/7bWLeBn5lJ1Gv1tOyDgmf0ip86NOiMuxXEOMOIStsoO2kja2PYU1FdvCNPMSjLwRMPzBmQUarVlUp0qcelqCbncJGwAxyt1xssJnZdPoxSpg+bmhLVAebfJMWST33Hriy09LPXle8He6q53Cc7Vajrp1IrK9epDroS2bfd3O3444LqVLV1O1v5t0vNJYHsUL2xKmSMxmPJ9n5mhlppR36k9P3xx1v5cS7ZfMicmrqUhx3nLKCCNB79bnCCJg4hiQBCGUq9GTlursSELmOJcSW45BKUjzPljpNNUvpkHxiUWoJ3giDHETX5SUx2Gm0pZJ5YJKRfva9hgzMiDBkK6mY5jDEZTBpcdCjdy3iI3N/XHK3/AJyROjpGFAlSpXeY0AABAupSj1Plga8w3aIE7McxNUTGkNsCCpJudV1j/cBi3roX09wPMVduZbkvilwNcc8uQ6ghpzl+G3deBoNze7tNeJJR5cqpQI3tTqZa0pI51tJcHYYmyqHO0YEie0FpRLXXFz0tqRIKNOpSyUDsEafLDOQU2mBziFq0Uyofs6JbZU2bPsJsdKj0NuwGAqNhziRyDFufKaypDdmS9ciwDWhtF+cs7kgdNsHCNe+1eJvIxMMnMxVcSYTjSV2lS2HNDgt1cFr46xSR0+wHwrf2MrLQDaD+k7K+kPDSosLSmxR4bfM48A+mbCMgy9tOaxmcdcWDJiOQEtpWrWgiyDbufzx7t0Bg6vnxKDVkgDE+VTNsujz3kMy0vta9aHE9CN+2B1aRbBkjBn0nqOsOhIU5AhWnZkn5zo8iPCYbccjJ1OpvbmA9hhllajCsePE806i1Rta7y8yyuRnYU9TK21IA3stNj3xaVEMuZw14KMQIAzFEqwpbT0d4oiuLKSEqtuPTFnpGq3kMOZQ60WFfaZd4VVtGUswJanK1UyoI9llIJ8KQror4g4Jr0/EV5XuvIiWlzS3PYw7Mor8bPBo0j/T5luYB7yeoV8xb88Ve4eh6ol4rFm2x9p0OBlaUp+Iw7rIFyOif/OKRms1Iw5jPCy7W5FAznCtKa9nnoNkSEp3SoeduoxGldTpG9pyvxIPssGDKOUsx/UNTkUeUUhqW1rYWnpzE+8PmMP2p6tfqL4iqcPtM1mdX26XkL2mix+c+4bv6PeB88KLt27e3zDKha3DxKyBNmVuqyZk0OyIyGy44h430KvsMZcqqOI3ZhRgQ6YKqvLksOwHG4ktoo1AWFr7KPwwsjFSCIJuF78iBabk6DkZmoVKZLbXLbBbbjA9Qe49cPM3q4UTW9nIAHEr8Oq7J+vFQUPLQ26SpBJvt2H4Y1enAYSbjjmOvscmtVdGlxIZbUCtwi5WR2virtbCETEwsrvKqrWa5EhcJcaGLIDn8Y88E09YrqXnmRd1YESnnOoVGmTkKLDcmLbWT1/A9sNptf2k8yFQBGRJ6bK5NNdmQ0qYW634ri4scRPsOBMYbjgyCSZ1DixnHmWnYklGpJBsfUHEsYGZoAOSAeRPMmWG4sLnrDaZKrMJHQeQONYJEzsTPcfLLTtWTLfUWZjIuUge+B0wFrSBshAeOIay7KeYrDrjAWpDqb26aCN8VOsVbKSjCGQYOYfydxPpVUqApNfQI1QsSmWEabb7BX5YqTodV0zOo0XuTyp/2k3CXDa0j4hZD0zA80w24xKKUtykkaCVGwJV264tOndRq1xCocMe6ngiKFWoBLdhKsnLbmV6l9U1t1mHMRZtbijqQkdlXHXbyx6Jp/pbWXjPAH6zlr/qDSoeMn+Us5+yZT8n0f6xdzVTJMhnStUdpRKik902wwPpS1RuL9vtFx9SVE7dh/rMeq3EmJLlo9lTGU82sBClagV36dtsOU/TtIU73JzBP1y3/AEJBmYOImZKm0+qPCjygvQlaWG1LDdjZI1E7X/PB6PpjRqu2rcf5wZ69qM7mwJ6yhkzPOZZLkp99yA4QVR2eYlN/MW3t06YvKOlrol3KmAP6ytt6m+sJrLZJgmux8x5PqyalWFPyaekgvOk6uWkHrYeXwwt1Lpw1NZOP0Ikum9SbT2Yz+oM0Si1WFWaa1U4DyH4xSbKbNxfy+OPKNTpnoY12DBnotOoS9d6HInZ/CmtJytlqIajO1BbCNbTvvpuOoPcY4v6Z+uLegdSehkzpmbnH+nnuP9x/SKda6InU6Q3ZwOD/AJiXxKhs1OpTnWrPNLsppwG4HwOPoy/XafqLC/TOGUgYInE6DT26Kr0rRggmc+16hTeXKiyNKllRKPNQ9ccr1FRtIE7HS2DIaRVqMul5SpzTVwX5IWu3kkY4NfdqW3eBLxDuGYJjMtPOtvhCgbaim+3lhwccTR+JPDSE1JDJbSsEbX+7fAbD7czazYGY9Or0WPRnlobqrKP8s6v/AKht0+P64oeajuXtMyRzE6c1Jpzj8NaNDrRsUq7/AAw0pDjiHXnmX26NUZOSJbzMZT7XO1LKb7Abftint1dFOuWtmwcQyjIMXafNLFfZceBDCEpCkdN798ddobBW4cxLUV7qyona/A/if7U+ySA3EaaCVISq+x6W+GGtR1dadYbaxwODOY1el/gBT38RY4lZgTMzZNbjtrdLjwKNI23O+LbT3DUVh08x3TOK6FDcYgGZmaXWm10xCEoRGTZS1bDHU6NyFxKzUlc5ibnSZJj0yJGC0OAklCkG4OOF+pnG9APMu+kjO4nxFaivtU5ic7ylPKSgDUPO+/6Y4ZmzgfM6TGZcgzjJ5rjTZSCi3iHujEWynImEZHMIZDqDtJfq8VbSRHebCV+fX+uGvxRRCq+Yq1AcgnxDVPjhuQ8pljlNupA19dt8JvczDmHWtV7T0+ylKkttA2v1VhJuTGlPmDqhMDxfjrjnwA2cvtfG04mz2ifMp0VlfPda5Sk+86d/DfcD44slckYEAw8yjT8wP1KS/GlBr2cLAYDQJUj/AGn44nZUEUMveDzJcwuCGlbaFPsvBIUQ0N0+QH5Y3SMnJmE8S5HlPiCVhtCpZNmwo/6q7dT8MH9oMUYwDEZfpb78o8tt1xQTrR1cN7q1egwRnDACCyBBs1xnNER1ceYVIaJaKWiSGiL+L5+eCKWoPIm1bMQ4tAky8+UlxKoyWUy2Uhx331WWOn4Ycv1yJo7Uwc7T/YxRnHqDM6O+kBVxOmrjpUUrZ3Kkg+Zvjyf6cp9NN/zL27AUKJzJxCoU7MSofsyH3Eto+6nvfv8Alj1rpOqq0gf1CBmVF1RsHEQ8wZNzDCefYkRlhxl0oKkG6Tby9O+Oy1mnPS9Q2m1GAwnpHT7H6xpxqNKCVMI0FytZJo85r2dTciWEqaX2IF7j98VbPVqWGDwJX9X0Wp0wVrVxA1VflV2kyZLpDk2OSVFI+73Tfzw1Wq1vgdjOOtyUJ8iD89yxTss0Ikkoda5lh3N98NaBd91gHiUuucIgMQGa027MZQpr7NxQSu57Ha+L5qSqk/Eo0vywE2sLfm5aYqYOurUJQhyiOrjB/wBJ38Da/wAccsVAsKf6W5H6+ROiQle/cQ4/mE5hgsjlFt0IstSNrjFatHoseYyWzMyz/Wp+VZsddOmRVxyPEwN1BX+7HSaGlNQhFgOZSau+yhgUM8Zaz4nNEtqNPipRKb8bLjZ6qHb54lfofQUtUePM1p9Z6rYcczf+H3saqc1MYqDulYAVGc3vvYpt5jHI3sVcq4wRL0PvGRHOEpr63cgxo6WYjQSpaB9/4+eAg7jgdpthhN5PM0BFLj1Chzak6QlLTZTZIsAAMWYrV0LSq3lXCjzOfxSqjnSXIda5bUJKxyy6N1C9tjiCBaxgd5cFxWMTxmHJFUyM5HqKilYB2U3cged/jfBchhtMyu1beJomTS+7lsvt6WwtBLYJtpWcU9gG7bIMfdBCs11yDIUxV4CENE6Eus3UFDzxYbFC+0wG1W5Bn2YkvaXI450Qp8Qvex8sAKyanHBlWsLjsLj/AGxZhu+822d9u1sZ54hEBOfmXqnGRVX3m473MZYZSkJUq2ja52xuaXK8mKuZYTk2oUaK2FgtrSU2+OCVNtViYQDIMfKnJC6gwiCFKqTaLq28JHrhKz3EFZCv2qd3aS08SYkSbJW2BIDZ6Kvc4r2rZ7FT5MNvUKT4iTKqMWa27LlMlE1KToKdiT/DfHQabR222CodjEr9SlFZfMhFZrv1WqnOV6WzFcTqREaX9la97n0PYY7rTdA6elgvWld4/wBWOZw9/VNQ4ILnHxEvONbzXUlR0VKsyZ7SEaGVSVayUC9hfr373xfWNZV7c8SsrSuz3Y5kM01ajOUlT01L9PXFStyKEAIKL2UkjvsTvhhb7BjLcfEG1FZzxCnFzLeW+H1ZcplDkpnv8tKjIKgotJWkGxsbBVjb0wC2w4IWarTy0W8nVWLHZfvKSy4FeE80C+1rEX+Pxv2F8G0djVg8zV6h4UqudJ9LlRXYVVLa0DWlQdHS+3S399LDDl+pfGAYvVQg5xzJImcnc4OOsV2ouB1Y8K0hC0OA3BChbv8AEfPEaGFw9InEjaDW3qgZgml0yfwykIXCqESoRnSUmIl3Qsi+32Z6EWv+WIajQacqPXAYQtOttBPpEqZpB+kDmmVFU1E9kGhKbIltFRsOoJBGPPNV9EdD1BZq6ShJzkMf/YnSU9f11eNzBv1EM5d+kvmBGuHWcqOSoekJKqcs3SfMau3pfA+nfTF3SjjS3Ep8MP7EQ93WU1I/ioM/Y/5ked8xpk1SPVwt2DGSnQpMlJR192/bF3remanYWK5/Sb0XUtMzbN2P1n1Lv19R6e2y4mSQyVEtqBFyemPNHosqusLKRzO0S6sgbSDKMSiv0+B/mEqS5rHv9AnGM+WhiwbtJqQyuVUHENeIOOpsr08sDuYBcmSUQlWK5IpuZEPpbKnWXBYDrfoMBprDVYM2QDkR7TUms6f5eWA1VUDVrG3NT3+YxUPu0x3f6TNqMdpr/CTLj5yYlqza2RrK2FbqIJNiceTfUGrr/wCoFhkHjmOo6oAG8znjOlJ9izbOYaR9kpZVvsBj1/pN/qaKt2POIGxcMRNRyLnJrKJTDUN0sousGwO2BVAXhm+TK7V0epj7QrLz+KjKS/DfslsnmJCbk+uL3TdRbRqKh2iX4HcMnvF+vZ0pyqcuPF1offXdS79cdDd1ao0la+5i9XT7BZufsIu1GU46zCY5usX1Gx/LHEai43MSTwJ0dFYQdpejaAxJSF8vmeFe3TFKpO4Zjh7SGM4gCQhoqUgJA8sONIAQjQW0ErUu+o2vve+FrODM7Tb8iZUMalvvSGguQ8ydCFJuG02/XHb9I6Uq1HVakdxwJyfUOolrBRQe3czOCtMV91lSis6ynl+QBO+OGZQrMPvOtrJZQYEqspDhcWLcvoSOgOIheeIWJdczTKamx4nIbXDWLOFarK+Q72xbUUKULZ5EXdsHE9NKYpbHtjISpS78pWnZxdtr/DEcFztMhIoFamTYbTkzlPvoUQl5tNgryBxN0StvZ2gmfA5izWasZVTbWoFLbCwGglwjx9z64arwFP3lS14PaWn1PVglDslllaUlQQdi4nuQO5OBooU5kFYucmVKJCbpaXHkkllJU4sNDbQNgk264PbZv4jasAJ5ytQ0VzO9IltRUoL0xkJbWogJu4Bqt2xS6/UGnS2rnwf7GVhbNob7zvl76KlLqk1VRqdUVLLm5YS3pQPn1OF0+jupVaBLatUi5APYnuM98j+0HZ9RBnIWr+phYfRoyQpmM2aY2gsXGtvYrN/vHvivq+mdYf8Aya7k98AEfyyeIoOt3gnCjn9pwPn3KAyNRXKtCnN1RTqih6KoEkW+95/0x9J/UX0x6VX4t9SruvBA74/rOr+hPrK2vUtoGpIRsEE/PxMhkZtZzCiFHnxliAXChTjRsq/QBJPQjHnVVJrbcTPaOrat9bpmpCjP3jFBy/T6NFeivIRzFNjWTYa0n72B22u5ys8nvoalttgwZjfE+kpUwxFfkpZjsOK9mURfwHtt5Y6fptnJZBknvOT6jWpUBjjEQWV0CjpK3HF1CQn3UJTpT8zi8Zb7eBwJRIaa+e5mmZIzhHkrj1R9kIivJ+rKiwncctR8C/kcc9qtO1ZaoHnuJf1XrcgtHGODAfEOJWcuOyYUWY4n2RZSdG3MbO6VD5fphrQ+lbhrB3/vAas2hf4Z7TL1B2S4lwqLjrirbm5Jx0q4UYHac2ctye8OUZv6ofRKWopdaUFD44Rtb1AVEaqUVnJmwUPM0pqI05BUlUaUvnBKBuFffA/XHL6nSo5O/uJ0els447TWsk1x2pNOzFJ5SAoISt5Wkr9N++OaspehsKcyxYg8TUKZmFbVElMIIdCjrUwdiUnqBg1OrCqVYxB6NzgiKmWVR45EZtKmw6tZYZdFigauhwwXGeId1OOZplbozdQpnJfbSoabkLG3TDToSsrUfa3Ezh2pfVURltTQ5Tsktp0jwhKe5xSqM2n7S2xlcyhJkpdlOIQsSYa+6Tflqw+DiQC8c95Ty3R59Bl1Rby0v0qUnU2UH3FDtbBWcMg4kThjLULKzFbZW+4La7EA9UnAEBIk2t2HEHTqXLolfs+1dEhuzKgrbYdD64IV9sIrB14jHQo0aW+08+kocj7KSraxt1wvxBnK9vM+1GemUxUWqSUGoKshC1G23fBNPU2os9NO5g7GFK77OwkuWcnyZVKdeZmJkMNqJdSpRAdUOpHp5Y9Z6Z9P0VEWWgFhPNOodbstYrWcCZ7LnorVUlOstobhMktpOgCwGx373Iw5bVWLSEGIKqxymWOYHnT1uOODWm7gHi9BsB+WHK1CDEUdt/M+P0dNVYjMBy0ouBN79R3/AAGAW1eqcQ9L+nIKwy7WarUm4bqG22GBEaeWm4RvuQO9hfA3GWIHjiNAgAZjbwx4OZXzhLe1zHFqaUjlpecJU6BYKCgSNreVhv8ADFcXelgWXIllXp6b0O1sGes8cEaZk2lLkvQm0PKsEOxXllK1aUkiyibe8Tv/AA26Ytq7tLYuV4b4lTdpNVQ3u5X5mXu5DptULTj78xuT0UpLuoHfcja/rbG9ivF97LHul8EaJTI7UgyJa31JP24UCB5/dIt138hiyr0i18g8xFtSz5BEVs35FhpEt6POfQhm7qEKjtXuL330/K3phW33HAhK2IEyL22sQpZU17K7fzQpkqHqUqthP0/IjwIjLSuLWZKKtszIkaTESRYB1Rt8SL/mMaLMvcSJrU9jOi8k5wpvF3LK2aXpVKDNpEN2wcbPS9j7yfUfli0Gqreo5iKaS31OIKyPHoVOzE41IdCXVpUlbcQWJUOhv088Ullf4kemVyPvL2pk0x3bv6SXiNmVFNqMceyOGlrbKbl0Fd79cctr/p5Bhqmwf2l/o+t4JDLkfvLORqrBlyUlh9FtOvlubKsBt8fljgOpaDU6Zf4icfPidXpdbp9ScVtz8eZehranTXVGPpUpZUXVHYH0wjgqoEbJxLaiqFUEusq1Oo2T5knA3AZSrdpNeZufC+soYzfHiQpKlmWwGpSbixIFxb5gjHknW9OzaJrblxtbK/pDttxk+Ih8XKK7EzzIYISrmPJ6DqCcdV9PatX6cpz2BkyN53DzFrMKHl15zksrW2hIQQgE3HfF7o7UWgFmxmbZcwzkTLUyoVNTTiVxUqSQNSTuD54rup9Sqpp3IQTmTSokyercNqhErSYyI7juxUFJ8sB0vXKLKN7tib9M5wI4xeBNQmx4jqJSGiUhSkKBuMc6/wBVU1uy7cibOxOCZJO4J1WPEkJQ6lxspKnFA7/LA6vqbTu4JGDNhkPAMQmYbtOggoAWeYW7X3Nu+OyW5bW/lmZjzDmXpC2Hm3EteMuDa1xe+GFALgfpFrfyNj4nVdDVGpeWlypKgDyrqUewtj0m670a8MeAJw1NS4LfM5mrFRRLq0tbNg1zFHWBa4vjy1zudm+87yjhADAipTTraYyUWaUuwV2vjFzDmLNfgNfWetwJOgEhz+HzOLClztKgxVzkwTFzM7NmuwloZTASAGikXUk9jb1w22nCKHB5kA2eJdnfYJR9qI7yFBSW7bFIG1sV9lkqddcETGYqwYyKjLK2V8xxFzpV7w87DBPW2L7pzddssqy2/UqtEU+ptbyzYhi+tA+PbBW1qV1nEcOoCjAjLmKXScs0Z5gLdDdwHFtpuVq8h6YqKLLdRaNveD/Fbe5mVy84ry7mCnyKZFWWQUucxNwtJBuCT2OOgXRrqqXS1ue0iLtzZ8TX6n9KDN9UhNuRcy1JwcuxaS4pJueg2tjmk6GoJS3JHbue36ZjS+n/AKVH9IjULjTm0zKm5WqzUnRYAFcpwgfDe18XF3Q6PTRdMgH7SINgzNvRlfK3s7TVWqrsNCr6m2muYehIPwJ2+ePfNDp+lCrOrvIbPK/b5zg/84nK2anqFNu/SVjjscznOu5ElR6tUWYkhhVGTqdQpYCbK7befTHHaynSpcy6diyg8H7T06j6k1jVq1oAbAyP/cqUuI6qiKGb4ja2Wk/5KWh/StkX8STb3gr1xXugUbdNnJi2r6m+ttFlviB+KGWsu5syqqnUmpoercdj2qM0Dc7e8yr1tf8ALENBZfobvUuHsJwf8yu1e3V17UPuHac8qpNOTSW31OqEtR0qbWbEHHceq5cgdpzorULk94TyjNjNpmQnHPsX29Kkg4R1aMdrgdpaaJ0AasnvNDU7/irITU8KLlYoZESYFdXI59xZ+HT8cVWPRvK/6W5H2MbU5XHkRCqdBYjNfWCIq3NB8aEnod8WdOoLH0yYndplA9RRFCfPcmOEJQWmgenW+LdECyldyxmgcMKy+iG9DbUOcyoSI5PmDun54p9dWu7cfMstFacFZ0lRkw84ZSlUoqTHM1Gpn7ulzrt63GOUANbmX+ezyHJ0xzLcduFXnHUOpXoQ84o9sJ30pc5IEdP5cpzNBbiIkOCYh1ie2mxDzDg5iR6jviufTWVe5GyIIWg+1hgwpWaxUZtCdZhSOYQLCw8du4wYa849Ow9oFaFDbsQRXWvZ6K3G9mUpHJuVdwo9cB0rLYXcfMYIwQIl5ayqWA7IbmrZhatSr7kj+HFqbdw5E07c4HeW38wUyqrNNjPPNLbVutJ2VbscbIITdjiaVGByZDCzC/Bg1EtWIYICSL2J8zjEUkgDzNsgPJg/M3E+kIoEdNQmtO1JpYPKaupafw6fPFtV06+7suB95XPq6NOx93+8pVrOdUjU/wBtp1JkPNuhOlb6gjmJPSw69sWtX0y7DL2f0lVZ15EOET+sTjxTzI0iWzCgwozzwKS45dTiPOxx0fS+h16Kz1Acn7yl13VX1ibCMD7QOnjNxHQ8zR4NabipeeCA21BQQSdr3Nz0x1D221A7TOaWitzyJqj0iEG2qQWymQEBbzqT767XPTYd/hiorS0n1Zdb6AnpYg5eW2XAZEeSHkIVZSFDxX6b/PDDXleGEVGmVuVMOv0yVQMvfXz8RaUOJ9njqKLJJO1/yP4HGJqKwCc8zR0tqnJHEzh+prpEYQG0IcWslbqlb+In+WA+pgYEwruOTNGytASzTWEOKs+RqJV4SF+e3kf/APAxaV0q9eGibWtW+VktYzm7LliFKkGpQI+zfNc2vv8AmLkG9++Kq3RIHJTiWlfUbNoD8iH8hZJoWY1vPOSfY3khIjtGydS7atQ/iAsR+GBm23TENjIjNVNGsBA4MK53pVRyLTl35bzLirNLSdhurqPgkX7eLFxX1Gu1cD80pr+m20tuPK/MxLOeYFpoUgLQlJUNGpHe5/pgGcwaoBMXlh3nFbK7WNilfQj+eIQwkwbQ82SAAVdU+Xw9MRK5kwZ5YjzqPLTMpEp2I62dYLCygp87H9sANZXkSYcEYjJk/M0yVVeZciW2sOKPQqubG3543XcUYEyJq3KQJpme2nKllwSg4FclQXqBBuDt++LHV1q9e5fET0zlHKmZxRnJCXSluQ6hROwQTb5euKdawQQRkSw3EHcOJtVCnSnqcqDPSEVAMpUNW3MSeirfrjzPrHSzobvUQew/t9p3/SeoDV17XPuH7/eWXlucunx4bpTUXHA00q99J6qWfRIGr8Bjnwow9jj2qMn/AB/PtL53Iwq9zD2RM1PcPM2tyYypE9hgqQtLqgSsHqr/AJX3+OKTqmhXq2jNb4UnBH2+36eJOsCs/Imzw+JNCzjJS/Lpx9tJsVuDxDyvjze3o2s6epVW9sslsrPGJVl8XMrUdb0eJTy+tpVnFhA3PxOGavp/qGoUO74B7cyfqonYTyrjnTHqc6/BpbiH9NmyQACfO/liQ+l9StgSywY8zfrDxAFH4s1tqpoVPdRLSbApSjTa/r6YutR9OaU1EU8H+sCt5BlmRxbrsKoOBdVeZjFfgbSlKrDyBIxGn6e0TVjdXk+Zotk8CWZPFCs1COWUT18laLLOkXUDgS9B0Vb7/T7feZulSG8luHykoJLgOlSuoPnizwA2ZHMtw2XIi47aHg4tSgSryF/6YMrEOCJBsMpBmicQOJXNo8aj05ZDVgJL3nbsMXOv17aj2KePMo9No/dluw/eZdLqgcccLQSABp023PrioxmX6jAkCUoeaigr0LuVKHpiHIziEzEzNdafhLK4pbdBd0OJc7p8h64tNJUD+eVb2EPKTKmILYmWPLvu6UdT5H4YO7k+2CsuWtSSZUl1WBUxz3pa7ITdGlO4t+2K967M4AnLam71jkmMGTqtl+rUsNMI0vKCgHUHxKPfFXqqNTU+WiSEYhjLVGbcZbktkJSwpaUlWytJ8ziu1VjYIkwvEOPZZozjipk9BkJPulSSUI+QwlVqLSNiHE3tHmAMwUONU4z8alOx1OpTZCowSlST/uBxZUWWVOGsyRIEjssyxqk1XKkwvVZ/2uMpQSUqFrC/W4G+Owq1dWo4rXBhaLXRsNIKtlOTU3UyIykojC6mlJX4dPcn1xbU61EG1u8u0G8ZnS7mTImc6m1Hpq1wg0lKS1LcAUbnex9D2xbdV6302pg2hqZvsx7n9fEqtBpNSwI1Lj+Q8RG4/cHZcrhfEqNOkxXKjEfdRIhsLCXDoNwtIvdQIG6T3wTSfUC69FrOmWsDyO//APrPf9e0afR+gzYct+vb+U45qWalyG2anmF90QUS0pcpbBLbi2rbqQflbHQpV3SrvjvK8v8A6n7RNg1SpyM7rqOWGp8tll/VH5jd1hB6JXbbpscNWpSum9PVEDI55gKza1u6kEyzxWy1PolSjzZNOdgRaijnIQtNglf30g9Ov5HA+l6mrUVlUfcV4/xD62l62DEcGJ9OQtLvNaO4PbFtZgjBiVWQ2RHrI+bEZazC09IuadLSYs5o9C2ra9vTrim1FHrVlV7jkS2rs2MCe3mOf1a5RMyy6RKs9DIvFetcOIO6T67bYpbW31CxO47y60+QxRu0BZyyvTqRDM9FOW6wTZZaVs2ryI8sOaHWWXN6bNg/3iOt0ldQ9QLxFygS5DEtL8CMiMlJ1WULkjyxZXBSMOcytpBHKjE3jh3TU5hnGCqcqIh5IksK62UDukY5u9SCCP0l0lmxfmbBHbgVJxEKrcpZT9mHlmwUR0+eK4EE4aGBZVyk/O5KoWXpSZEJRbf5gDjanTZQv5YJZtIxmQWyxu8aPZ0TGrsJ0ONEbg7qT54rtVSr18Dmbrcq3JlOq1hCZCWKi0Hoq/AlY2Unt1xRjQWUr6mmbB+PmPCxW4aIeb83ZOyAgyHq0wIqvCuAF65HyQNzi+6bTrNYwRqj+vj+sT1OopoBYuP95zvmXjVD+tKi5lynrMZ0/ZyJwspJ8wlJ/U472jouFAtf+kpbetHGKl/mYNyNNreeK82iqVOQaetY5rKVFCFDp0GLhdPRpyNiAH95TvqLtRku007iXlqn0hFNEKM222pBS4pI3Kgbgk+fXrh1xxElPeMtIlGu8PEIB1So7OwHXYkD9Biw0vK4id2MmZZmGStTrFQYZDZJ0PtJ6E/xel98PpxEjGbJVJZlVP65UAtENGoXT0WenxxG73YUTaHaNxjRFdaei1Oev/VUoEnYEYarQKuInY5Jg7LMGRV64iIhWlDtwsqO1vM4Ver1TtjFd3pjdmHeIGdai+uJQWZrr0CmpHLbUkKVzLEAfIW/PFRdp0S3CjtLavW2WVe4xXy5lhcieh95JHLOsq2ICuwN/W1/QnD+n0xZtzSvsuAGBGyryXKBCUlnSVvHkpuRYDcA28rDf/kMWFmaxxF1IcwBTXESJbaFp1rJ02G5Wrp364VUbjiY/AzNEZ9jgxUtllZShBOy9h139Nrn54sfSRRyOIql1in2mAapxWemVFLUpKpEdi6U85dyN77E+t+vbHN3adCxasYnSVa5wALORFPNdYpNUaQltsMuuKupBAIuB1t/LAFtsp4eH9GrU5K8TI80UpaH+ahRaChZK0Xt/TDy2raOJXvp2oOG7QVTVPRnQHyFtdlg2IxMQRxDpkc1SEtosTYDfriZxiD5JxNly1k/LMHJ6nqm22/KebKbEaXUg/wm/W9zv5Dz3URfVfEsHJpqJmQv1Op5ZlToEUuTKU6T9iqxNu+3n8MMsrVgovIleu2z3HvGDh/Njyay2I6kPykkcqOoeNaj2A7n4YWUgHmEfOOJ0lx2y5l7hPlnLFTqdUej5pkBJeiuoCUlBRqUhKRuAk7Enz7YpNU3/UC2nK8Y7/2lhoydIwuUxTyWzHqSf8QG4emJKmWlndhrewt2J6n+mPKuph6GOk8D9zPR9G4vUX+T+0vrWkLKWEBpbfi1Hqq98Ir25lhLtDkqi1USVEkcs6j2OFdWnqV7fvJ1nmVK9B9qQ7IhgHVdKk3ta/XBNNZs9jyZlqI+WqJEjOt8lbKdKUgbrwViHckSI8z5HqAcdbL90BJtp8sY44xJAYhJjT7Q3pQJPLVcFffCZ47SXiXojDvtICUgrO+kdsKuwwZniMTs9phkBwJUrTayfPCAUkzYlV6WpxOtv7MiwCQcFCgTYnl58bIKxqHVN8TCyWBPEOUAmQlDaUuG3iPW2NtwJHzPMybyZzR0+40Sr12xiLuEzMTuQ1UppDjHMClFVx0B7YcssNK5B5lJqrdmSIHzxXFwae+0XEtgnQlsfdT3PxxrRIbnz3nNW6h2OJnFSz00cvSo9PKGHlaY4Ud7Duf0x01WgIsDWdu8UPbmM+TKA7lZmNWpEtC6VDQbKRuXnFDcW8hfFPrtQNSTRWvuP7CRCleRNGy47UKkZZfZ0MvKKkJR0CCNj+mObtWtCADkjvJgk95Yy7m+ZFy2tmQ2657M+psaN1ddgfMYFqNInqgocZGZpWIGItZhyXGfzAMyRZMmjznAEut2Jbcv2uNr4stNrGFB0tgDDx8iaarPPaXYmVKhWDGjJqC+WlzxlzxhSO+xwu2pro3OV8TF9p5jVGytAoiZMBx5LDZ8SkHf1vfsMVqdRtsIfGY/VqtnBjrmOk02jzZC1T1y1EK2U7cpURf7v4g4s+n69tSQy14B7ZH98zp/w4UZzBlEzdlqOgfWULnOJcSpYcBVzAnv+xx0N41lybaWxx+n8uIv6aqcwTSvoY5U+kXUsxVCmVFVDpHtCX49OZSAYy1C6wOtkk9PK+JHrmv6ey01oCwXkknn4ldfVRUN1uSCfE2ykfRaynw7y+ig0anJ9klsFtbyhdYfA2XqO9yRjitb1HVam5Lr3JP7fpLPR2VhGVBgD+3zOQeMuQF5ty5NoDhHtMR1TjGobpcTcG3xH647Lo2v/A6gWg+0jB/SMavTrqKihnIKJUDL3MQW3X5raigtuJsEqHUHHrwV78EHgzjMpTle5lJMtdZfUXw2wkptqSLA+WCFRUPbNIxsPM1uiVI5w4dpUm661lw2cNjrcjX2V62xzl9foanJ/I/95daawsmPKy5R8xMSWymRZcV8Bl5BItv3xW20Mhyncdpe12LYuG7GZ5mVH+FKu9EK1cobtLTvdB6Y6HS/91UH8+f1nMasfhbCh7eIcyRxGXTi09EBEinrS+kqPvpv4wPlfEbtIQfd5kKtQGUgeJ0nmyp0ys5Ti1OM+G2pYQ+0UmygvyxzrV7H2gS30zkmUf8A3Do8XK8Ko1mqR4rzLugqeWAtQT026k4ENJa9gFakmEttrpyWOBFGt/TFpdLefby3R3aq+4NAflqLLKfluo7/AAxfr0Cy0fxm2j7cmc6/U0U+wZmX1fj3m7MknlTJrcaK6SPZ4aNAsf8AduT+OLmvpOm049gyR8xZdfbY2GPBmc1RSva3i4nxlVyVbk+t8XVYAUYldbwxzLFGpTtQSVqIDZPfv8saZgsgqlpqmVKQmlto5TjiFLtdWkADfyxXO+THFXAmpZ6hNSMjpe1qW8lKHdSlXIPe/wCeLGv3rEmG0mfeCtMm1lxmOw1zG3GVlRJATpC7E/ng9dyVZ3GaFD3H2iAM15Ni5ezLVaPPmMJ8etlTI1EX3A+G9j8MFTV7vyiDs0YrOHae6S2mjZe9nQkqL6ipSu4Reyfxt+eHafcdzSstIHtEnfWqMw1F0nU6LhKRuL/rhzJPAiWBnMcKPFZyTCaceRqnyCPkfL4DvhzaNPXuPeK7ja20doPnUI0ZtiQ+yVTZpLhVe5CSdgLd8Vdde47j3Mca042jsJajwVRoxQQ2O5WVXv1Fye4G5xbpWEEWLEnMTqxUBUagSVFMds6Ut3upPmf2+AxWXPub7R2tcCNuU6OY8dU6RYa7JauLEjv/AD/7cHoTHJgrX5wJ4znmlunsKjsKHPfTtbY6djt5G2kb9d8SusCpiQrTc2ZmbziZAANvD0KeuKgCPiKmZZz7U8JZXYspA037/wA8BsrDd43TYyjIn6Nm2O9DcZqMYOqWP9RQ3HXcjCRqNZyssxqRYu2wQTIopkJcfp6lOtpFw3e+3of2wytuOGiRpJyUEO8NKWmp1FL0pK1sMkjlg2N/nibPxBVpueOdbqyHHlN8xKAxcDRsPj+n4YY067F3fMHqX3Ns+IkynVPvKKLjY3tiRaBUYlAQ1Jlty40hcWc0pK232jZSFDodvW2+AMgIhQxEJZ34mV3iXmCiyM/1R2otwG/Z0zAm61tlV/Ge59epHW+AUolT+7se8I5Yrhe81jJnECmPSAIykMxl2aKrWTfsfQdL3xQdf6ZRrq91X5hyP8S56NrbNM+2zsf+Zjm4+ZbjTjKdSVqIWpIva3bHlDVGklH7iekI6uNwl1tSDHkku7hsJJv03wq3JAhRkTylaEvfYupW0pIK0H7x774xlyPvJAnzCNRke1hkBJJQkFI6WGA15GczYwJ4iww+pDrqQlJFym298Y9mOBMziEWnG2tKAgpUrr8MKEk95rvPzEpbDi1IBDpv364iVBHM2TLjTyURwtdlOHsN9ziG3mbBzLcU8+MfdQpAvv1OIkSWcSqWAh5RaPOFvE55HBewk8z3JDkOOFBQ1HdW2+B43SJlOfVA6y84tekBvSCO2JohBxBM20EzKMwZr+oYn2UkpW6qyEgXUq5xa06Q6k4I4nF6q0nIJl7PEKJKpFPcX/mVpaSXSVdb9Thbp7tVa4HEQX28mZkrh4r/ABKiBrWKck+0EpHvjrbHWHqI9Df/AKu0i4ycTTJOUsxzm40l1TEbL7adLcBXhWfJeOXOq01YZQCbPmbs4XiablKpPtJZYRYKS2ErKhvYDHH3g7iwPeARsnEp1erFqPUYtBfYjhALj+sXeKz33wzRWW2veCQe3xDbwMhe8xtebq5VGVQ36tJbciO61FtzwqRff8v1x2Q0dFR3qgIYfvAGyxuCY75X4nGsVht9LXJpqWlMRyButYtvfFNremmushuW/sIN3x3h6vZzhpU7Lnp1MEhJcbPibPS/qMVWn0LEenX3mt/GTHfhu9By7UUO1LkSQysrCn131jukj0/THr930d1Fs+q6Jj5YHOPjH/DL9+p0k5TJz9pbrcygGtvt0lbC21ucyO2lu+m9/D8OotgOr+nNNp9Pi7Wg48qD/I5htHrrWb/xH+cbuCWa2MhZuRKAfRClp0uJ06UJSTuT/wAT+AxS9To+m69G1yax3vUDHt4JPcN9vgjtDXDWakek9YC/v9p2RRozVVjunQlyOtaXmXNiD3BBxQdI0C9RSyll4OCD9/1nPah2pYc4I4M4T+l5w1n5Xz7In09xTEZ95MkLQNkhV9QPzwZdONBqH0t/J8fp4nZdO1A1GnVv5f0nDXHTIrMbMBrLSAlmdu+GvdDw6n0v1/HHf9F1rNT6DHle36Sq6jpFV/UHYzO4SW2inQlNgd8XjknvEqlA4jfRMzJyhmeHWW0gwlp9nltHo60rY3+HXFc1Xr1Gpu45H6x1sVsLB28yHO9OdynmCS0wq8B4B9hafdW0rdJB9OmJUBb6wT3/AN5trDUxx2i/VpicyU9suq1PseEKPUp32w3p0/DsQOxi2qYalB8iU2qVKyxFFSmMLitHZsOApLt+wB64uDQ9gGRwZQC1a88w9R8yVWs5cVEiSvZIjCl6UpOpxJI6XJ2HwF8MJ0uon1COYM9RtVdinAmcPtvuS1pkqW66klJU4SSPxwyFCcCLbi3JOZfgtaDqIxozAMz3LWUuIIPTe+I4EmOIei0WRmJcd1hpSr2Quw21YV3ivKmPNWbgHE0mk5AlQ4TN0EL1DVt0wm1wJhE07Y5Eco9GaiRx7S+G2r3JRY2thYuzHCiOClUGWM0DKdWgu0N2HFpQmPi4D0v3NKvNNvjhymi232hsCAe+ikZ25MXqMZNDq7EJt5xhtlRaJbUUBQPUbdRi1ro2t7pUPqCw9vE9Z2obD9fgzPCFJYcW7v1CRsT8yMGsQKYoWJ5gotF59lASFtpaFyDbYdP0w1SQIhaI5ZcprSlKrM9pIYYH2BVsQN7qP5gYu9Oqgb2lXYT+UQQ9LkV+rOyXLNxW7hva+gD9PU/DFfqby7RmqrYI0waPKr7gqBcJWm3J1n3khNgq1rj7lj64HRcin3SRqY8iAs9VNyiRRCabCHHtSRqOwQDpJB73tbyOrD12pG3CeYOuk590SqfBXU57EZpkla7lRA2AHn+nxIxXopdsRokKOY6ZgnN0KkpaDt9AstYN/DY3I9bBR/7sXCqAsSPLTF5VaXUak9LdUTrPQG9hv0xTP72JlgvAwJ+dqR2KQUAAb36+uIAczZMSZNWWuc+6slZUoq8XfAWbmMKuBB1QrHOuFJCE+nXAHbMMoxPdDzTIpjmiP40rBSWzuCMKsmRmN1WlDxNZoDsJeUFLjSUwqstRXyVGxVfr169jtv6YRFzrZgjiXX4atqCynDGKVQqAhnTIWpbl9yrF4t4I4nMWadlbmC0VllCx9pYddxiW4SG0yGo1SOCeWvruCk7YgxklGIJdrmscp1Ifa9RvgROeITHGYTyxAqbbcmdTg4/CbIDjYPiV8B/ffEhQbFJ8TXqbCPmaxwu4rpbqyKSp0KZkNqLgFwAoDYgH3T2IPXqDji+u6BTT6q/mGP6fE6vo+qZrhUex/vNmpkWPUIDi0+EKVcJv1x5i7FHxO5BxxPZhqhtpWhhJVq9w7X+GM3Z7mb7yR5gtuofQSsXF0ntbAszY+JI3OKHX3dCkpB93riBXPEzHEuR5q5snS03zVJTrJG2keeIFMDmYOO89Qw37e8h3mKdUjUFfdHzxojjiaPMmYS4FFSUgJVgcms889YWhaXNSAroO2NgSYlqFKCFrFlaVHwpPQY0RmZifZL17oN9J+8d8aVcGRMV67UGYsGRzFDQBv6gdsO1VF2AEWt/IROYa3mGTXMwcwqOlLuwvsEg47+nSLRRj7ThbssSTG2n52cqNOebdcB5CtAT/ALcU76Ba33Ad5pRleZbq2cJM5MNTJMPloCFrGxWB5fhiCaNKwc85hHAC5EPZMmzM2V5pEmoPrYY+2WlxZ0gDsMU2tVNNSdqjJ4leGLHBmwZoq1Pp1Si1WI+lhXKSk2VYEdLWxx2lqd0NZGeZosFORMq4jZ19mqjdSaQkrUhSFgba8dV03RG1DU36yIO5siZdSZ7tUlKZYcKZEhzl6QegUdxfHW20ipckcCTPAzNFzXVoeX65QKVCaCI0VvQCNt7bkj43OKCmltRVba55MTsBbtAdQr7r6ajCWQtt0Ag9OhwarTqm1x3EEgIyDNodND2delyUTAs3QwjwLT0B36Hsceg9O03TVpLau9twOMAZBHzmdTq31RfFNYx9z+0JQ5dLYZ9pp8aS4EAKKXnN9uoB9Oowxdd0BBsWt3HncRB1JrCckgfpD9F4yeJaIGX2i82m6ufdd1edgOh6HFUlPSa1YUaDd2PJJ7fp+/zHnfUH/wAl2P04nQ3AL6RT1RQmizYqYTzSyUtK8DYbPZN9wRvtjhOo67VaPWNbp6RVWx/KOAD5wD2/TtNN02q+vO/c2O/zNi4r5Mpufsryn3WETNUYoG17p88C6radYo1iHJwAf5eYj029tLb6D8Amfxe48ip5D4gVTJlT/wDxT/ijPqSdQuTpVf0Itjt+jJVqtKurpPuHeOdQ1TrZ6D9jMeZL8Na2HDZxJIN8dKyhhmVFbFTgw3T185tTDo1hYtvvhIrzlZaK+VwZoUWIjMuSWKTVlOQ50BZaiykpCiuOeyvhidOjsN5tHCn+8Qv1iJX6Y5IixU8wUPhi8WqW03VKqmykvvHVyj2JHQfC18dHVp1Q7iM/rKKzUWWgrnA+0JSp6uK+XHJkxZXLUDsOjKx2T5D+eOjDV3Vc/wD1KsK1TYEz7JHOptf9ldR4XFclxCtrHscVa2BOI3s3RtzhkCYxMblsw3VMvjSVJQSNQ9cI32KrZzHKqXI4Ep0/hxVJi03bEZB31OnqMItqVHbmOLpHPfiH2eGlJaWn6wqC3SDcoYFr267nEBda/wCVYUUUJ+dpodDqdJo1GkQ6bAbaQghYWtGpYt64UbTuz7nMfTU1isqggybmZ2QrUX1aLe7a2LCvSADtKizWMTjMipsyRUuapltS2Ue84fdGG10u7sIk2qx3M0LIeZWmZaIi7JSUkXHniz02kKnAlbdqQeTLeZVCPW0vNgFLgSsbdSD/AOMavRq2ElS6upxGROU28xR3XgVsy3EhtKjuAjrbSfXfDJoV0LHgxdrSrbRDuWuAtVKl1J9r2unND30b7jcjT1t52vhJOOJJiCMxZzdUXMwVdui04KS0V8vWke8em1uww0HZFOYsEDtxGzLHBJ/MtQQxGl2hMpAdK7JCmxcbEfeK9/hbbFez5JYxwIAMQ1mmkPZQiuqqDPsSUNg3Xct2FidJG1tS0Cw8sBBzC/rOc6xXJFfqb8p5vZw+BKT7iB7o+Qtc4YBgwJo2RsjOx6G3Mc0tS5NnGyvqhs7JI7gHUD8U4couCd4CyskcTOeKdVphnMUV2Xy3XDznDbdI0gpB+I0fgfPDt9ybdoPeLV1ODuxEN1qkNps1NUoW2JTY4SAX5jHv+IBrFaiQ2Hgy6VFINj1wN3AHEKlbE5MQXKkbqKTa+E8Ex2UHJKnl73JxrbN5xG/J1EKVGS6QkJAPi8vLCNzj8oljpasne3aeq9VnFyuayopS0fBbb54lXXgc+ZG28lsr4lhust19nlylfa7DWet8CKtUcrGksr1C7X7wHVIDsBRG62z98YartDj7xS7TNV9xBvNuBvv5YKTiJSenw3alLajNAlThtcC9h3ONKpc4E0SAMmauZ1PyfQ+W6rwNJ+57y1W7ep3/ABxaj+GmIsPcZmkF6p1jMLtWpY9kksq52pv3R5C3ra1um+KuzTjUBkYZBj1drUEOhwROo+DfF6mZoZTBlIRArsYHnQ1bc0Dqpu/XzI6i/ljyHrHRrdDYbU91Z/b7H/M9A6d1JNYuxuH/AL/cTQm3zUmm3gToSs3v1t2xzZ9uRL8cSB6T/mUIsrST2OxOMVeCZIDiW2m31slaUgMG+u/XADgHE19pHTojzC5clqRobCdBSBvbE29y4Mz9YSgPISwWk25hAOtY64CVmESmZMhbym0ubA7DyHljYUYkhxJmVISoKWCU3uQDbGsSQ5n114ly6QoAnt2xgWSxPhklZQNXTqB54kFkTFDPTgdp7qUNiyQb3xb6FcOMxW38pnM0UoTVpChcqSTt88d3YD6YE4u0e44hPL6UpbkkpA1KNie4thS7JImq1zJyhx6QhRKkNo7fvgZUBTJPUcQ9Q8wJpNPnKYWrnSSWkqTtYW/rinv0/quu7sJWhSpMKVnOaKxlCEyQRNaPjUe9sI0aA06pmH5TFcEtgxaqUuVVYjIcIUEjYnbFzRUtLHEOtRHIkOQY+rNLAJCAySsG3UjDWtP/AGzY8xtad4IhnMzjzuZ0PKVdJsOl9R/bCGmRV05WbOn2iRTo7zDxkJaUpjVa4F8QXBG0xJqH7gTqfNVAqNBrEynLy1FBSkPRpFlKQ6P9qvUdj3x2vQ+sUanTi/T9LJyRgMrEjx/MGW11JfKvqeR35AkWU5taqcJyLHpLLbqwlDoW2AL3sDudvI4u7eodSuV6dP05R8+zkfHfHaIehQhFj3nj7wi5Qs70uUlApjLMZesJUVoSoEHpf8x543pNR9UBGp09ezAPcKP1H+P2kmPSj77Hyf5yJ2nZjp+aY8qbLgocKk6wHxa2ntbz/XHM9T6L1rql3o6103t5LDH9f2llptboaat1AOB4wZ079HLiqMyUip5bbmNSJ8QqVGClhSVfxNnHj9um1fT3s0Vh93OPI47j7gxnWV1W7NWO3Y44P2M5g+nvwMa4hZZGc6JGUmoU3V7SwE+NIHvoP4XGL76a6gdJf6Z/I/H6H/n9YbW6Y30//wBL2PyJxJQ8qJqMZhye2tcopAShI8RHYn+uPVRW7E47TnRcqjmOyskry7DRPbioit6LrccUCR6knoMMU0lW9wg7rBYmVMzzOfE559lcCjo0OElLspABJ9EfzxbAqo5lUEZjECLliozipzkKAO5Uvv8AzwJ9Sg4BjK6S1uSMTevo75Fp4qEtmt1BQYdaC22mLnUsdR+GE/xd2dtK946mioUZueNufci5dy9mpEynQVIQ8hLgL+/jGxI+OxxBk1Nn5+Mwivpa/wDxjt8xxzpmaZXsmpUt5ltpCEOhthsJ3At1+Zwavpyqu7kn7wNvUWb2dhMZk1ZxOopSXDe2oq6YKmnWJtqXIxA61PSXCpSlA/thoVDEW3nvDWWRIkSFw2UKeU6gpShIuScBuQAAxvT2ckH4mz8MPo1rrDCKhmd5RZULtU9lWkrO9gVdfkMWdFRYbmlDqNRtJVJ74msxcvvKpsZluMyAGkoSkJ0i/lh9FC5AiIYtyZn+Xqg1Eq8ZCmb63AnUN+u2GamCvNOMqYwZ8jTYppykBUcrWptJO23W4+GA9QdVUEd4TRBiSPEe+H2b3EVSJTp7SpLY0h19r30JPVXqbYQqZ7RsEPYAh3TpHNHEelwsuIpuXJDbrqmy2pSNvZ0dwR1Cjv28zh7TaUh91niI23ZGFmbZnypReGeSPr+qtXzDUXA1CaQrQpsWurb4dfinffCursWyzCf/AHG9MpRcsZo3C2sUibl9k02Qlb7yUvSEKsHUk3CUqA8gCAe4GELqXrHuEYWxXOAYt/SAzLH+pW6CdLpmjU+2o78oX2sRuDY97gpTiWmr3EsRxJufbiYjkLgb/izMLzzCyliGErfadJLajt9ncG6bjVvv0OCXolUih3CT8TahVsktSPb4TsJpLSla0767dNB6G93CB6DCWSRxDKBOQa3XJNcry6jKTy5C1KUU22QCfdF+w6AYDubOTGQoxBL8vmlQUqyeot0wZSZHAEFVV8Nw1WHiVtfBB3moDbc1Ai9yMSmQpR6cX5CFEFVyLA+eBO20QlaF2xHOfObhQhDRbX9+2K+tC53GWV1grT017wDIUgtm+4th9RKswSh4x3CUbC+2JYBEwEr2hKHXCEFqQnmNnv3wo9PlZZ06nja/InqXQlqZVJiEOs9SkG5Hw88QS7na/ebt0pK+pVyIyZWhN5egPTZSVNzFD3Vpty09d/jsfTF9pqwq7zKK1iTtivX6xJzfWEMRwS0FWQAOu9io/wB98Qcm1tqyajYOYwqlMZLpJaH+qq9hbda+lz5bYZJWhMQQzYYjSK1LcqgqLb6mZyHA4l5o6VJUDsQR0xS2oLQQ4yDHq2NZBU4InW/AfiXLz/QJCalHU3PiAJXISmzT4OwI/wB224+ePIuudMXp9oNZ9rePI/8AU9H6Zrm1lRDjkefBmsoixZMdKnUBDrPiSAepucc0CQJb5IMoJrB8cZaTySdSiBYjyxgryMiFAA5kzshpuwjtLasnxaj19cQ2nM0B8z6xHaUlp1Ky46roCemIk44mfaeAyuRIU0jZzc6u2JjtJDifm23ISUoXdaj3tjXBkpO8paGVg2Bt1GNAYmoNkRXmyiQlXhUm2nDCkYxImAc4AinLsEAlBvY3xY6QgPFrPymc0rjtsVp1TqwhJUbDzx3v5q8CcuyAucwy3Rn3HmSyNaVbhSenphMuoBBhFoP+mGMzrZi0stR3G1Smxd0J6A+mFqQWfkcQ9+AmB3i5ElhRjJKRpSSo27dcEarvKbZkz9FmKWtbSLKbBtfETUByYsKwHloxpi3EKK9lKGlKMSUJH0pLRsgR1UhS3GWP8wtO60i9vO2FHAcbSeJaJSFHEJ0jLD0+kS5a21uvsuEqKjYqAN9sAtdVIUdpL0ciFsmxJTj8oSIqizJbCUNEe7c9sV9+0KMHmEqpxnInRWaI6p9Bi1NrNHJdU9y0xZS1FxKet7eR94Ytel9T+obazZbr1xzwG579+P8AaVT6fSJYUFB/XHH6QDnChUenVhuS1m4Q1lm70VCVFKl7G49CN8dbo9PqbaydX1NSSTzlif0P+YtY4BxXpjj+U8qjZelqDsrOchCUBRSA0pQVdOx2xqzSaHGW6nyD2w3b5/r3/aQrtuwR+H/eA49Sycl5TaqlMqKCi6y0gI+HX1xV6nT9MQey9nPk4x/eWFLahh7qwBPOQqzNybxNpdXyVT5jheUUSkvOAIKh32OOQ12npurCVvlh2+Y4nBPqD2kcyr9JDjDXcy58rNIpMyRTaa+ltE2M0uyXXdPjufK5x1vQOi1UULqL1BtPP2Hxic9rddYWNNZwo4mLCbGyfBkznX44cCdKRruSfhju12pzKI5cxJRnR/NiJMB1p15l1JKdZ21f32xVaotkNnE6PQNVhqyueIFplOky3eUGmmAk2ICOgxtay0C+oC8ARtg0CNDSOaS6oj73bDiaYeZXvqnPYxgyrNXT65B5QDTaXkg322vbDVVSqwiT2kgxq4z1BtiFT3rXWlxSRoPa39MPWIFGRF1yZVo9YRO4f6EIJdLbiAOtiCf54KvNRgse6Z0Cla0sarbi5HniuWME4jBAyo9JUDY6VAaSBucNpXnvF3tAmv8ACzh+zGrDDjqOWQQVEDoO5v2xlyLt4mU3NuxNjj1JEaqvNtlYQ2spZVr3aQm/r88OpyuFlW6nJz3nOXEKqScyZrmrZjOONpUQgBBNt8TCNIqQBPWRcmVWqVmA7HhgBEhGsvWT3Fxvv3wpaGHeHUgzXsw5HbzXmk0xZU85BX7M27HN7LOxsf8Alt8sK2FcAHvHKhtBxCeYeDsnhVSvaVSG6hz02LiRpXq620/wjrfFtpCqqQo5ldfuJye0Vst+0JliqpcLa2VeFZGxUOt77WHkcOKdxJMTA5gTiRmXMXE2siqVZl1qk01IjxlraKG1G9+nTUs2v6FOKOlVu1B28KJcODXUM9zKMfNK8rqalOTHkSW2y4CyopcKbKFwfM+M+uoYvm27Du5lcinf7ZXPFSqV6pyKnWIvtC3li7jbZBSkAeG3Q+4PXFILSPaF4ll6Yxy3M6y4ORKdGyk0IDzcmSv7WSrYLCiehFgQOux8zhLVLabCWGBJIU2+0zL/AKR2eIj62suPpjSm2iJEhCxq0kXsAQbhQSF3HXxItgAyBzCqvxOIuKOX5MJ5p6IA42pOktBNnEEaR87kqt/xOCrU1g3KJMMF4mZofdTrBSq/cEWtge3EJmD6pPDuhA6p6i+JLx3mSOnRzIeSNwm+6sbyBMAzHulR26bEXKdAUbaW0nFe7F22iW1KCpDY0DSZKnHHFqJ3OGlUAYErXYs2TKi5QKTvt54KIOUlualnfa+JTJ5U4lA3NsaxmYDiNvDSqSqHWotZLCZUeK5zExXjZDhAI/K9/jjTaP1qyTxGqNWaH+RGfiXm5ni5XWIuX6cWZarIcskcyQu/3tO1h5/EnCdTW6dSlh4lhalWrIaoe6B3ctOcMkvoq7HKqG2re9xvYJ8wdjf+WLuiysVeoDKO+l0fY4xEGr1Z6ry1yHdifdSDcJHlhRmNjEmbVQowJVpr8JuoxjUA+qEHU+0JjEBwt38Wkna9umA2Byh9P83jPbP3hUK7hv7ecTvPJiaQMuU5ygNN/VHJT7Pyh4Qi22/Unzvve+PBdab/AMQ/4j8+eZ6xphUKl9H8uOP0htbL7xbDagmxvq63thLcI3wJYQltTDuoJU6ob3xHOJgB8SwsLl2fXo90JCQNrDGFviYBjiOOXuHMd7K1SzFVJTlNgpFohLV+cv03vbtti803TBZpm1OobaPH3lNqOoFL101K7j5+0ToYQpxSzsL3B7nFGxHYS6llSG3QpalgnyGIczcqBtlJvcqIO4xPmZzPk0svs2QShIHUYmucyPMSc1hDaXEaxywgm3fFtpQT2i1h4nPVShpfrR3sCvwk/rjukbFc51xlo60nlU8Mw3ipTj50t6R7va+KxwbCWEbVtowYTmZKp1PdT9ZyA5zPeQDYfjg1ZYjiJWWZ7RSzo1SGEBqlctK0i3hVhpQ2eYtkEcQFl72bnJaluKBUbKCDvf0xp0ZjkdouB7uY9yqAqiuaG+tgtKFe8kEdfjhDeMy7pXiFso0xw6g4DpvqupVyk4V1DgciNqIwQ4c2NWApCVIYSdm0q8I87/HFezoUOe8KBHYxFxoIcjt6XCNIIO7d/LCBx3kx8TSpdVfzEtDE2k0yTGDPLDaVqSEEfe232/fEen/9L/EequlI/wD5DHH6ymdNQtfprb57+f0i/mYF+m//AFjLUWWhSREjS1BY5QB7KH8PXfscX7a7p99jppaCjDvyf+EQ9VV1X52yDAlMz5OpEBEVGSoE5pl1SPaCyTrI6i/oLHEKKqqM2WV7s/MyylXbIbE+O51qEOpu1JnItObSi7qgmP8AZpKk2ta/Q9fjhPT6fTZ2Nn+p+eI0bmHbH9JDQOI+YH33NNOiwGQEJJbjgFIB2I36+uLOnR0C1TWnP8/MVuclCWM504m5lfy5mWsSKm4UuuPKc8J3cubi2PSBSawEHxOC37mJMysz52c3lP7BlKgAnsn+ZxvG2EXB7RtyhSY9Onx3pGspCrfabD8PmMAuUshjmmcLYMwnV6uzEnvtwmtDaVkXI673+OGtOPYMwOqP8RtsAu5mnKdIS5ZP+2wJw9n4lfJ6ZU5L9RjuOrWopcT0Pr0wHPuk+Mczbc7ZDrGaKNHMdly4eC9S/ClIINyonsMWDqzDAiosVTjMZ+B/BaoV2lPxHJbRZLqgX0A2Ce5F/wB8Eqwi7Wi9tozkCO54HZWy5S5L8GnMyJUdQC5EgqcUo79j22vtYb4yulCcKIq17n80WWaXIcWsMR1JCha+jSMFVGPAEGWA8x/yLl91+kzEzHUtlKkaRa6hc2J+GI3UEIWMY01ubAp8wtLjQcpMV1TroUUo0c13fcnY2+AOD6RVatX8yGtBW5kHaYvOzxSkc5TPMeIJ2Qi3zF8WZdQOJXhCYGg8XnKSZfsUWzziRyVOq91fS9h5dflih11ygZA5ljp6cnntNd4HZmkcP6eKrXwZSFNkpLqrupuTuD3Uo32OKigM3LmWFxA/LH6m1B7jRmTUyvlRGh40ncstX6Ed1En8/THSb66KsqeZQDfa+Glbjg3QEPQKDSIGqeFJbdVGVbUkWu3YbKUfCD33+OKiy+wVkE95bUUqWz8RyixKdlvK0KnToyZD+jxRAjXrdJubjva4/DCaZQcQrHex+JzHxoobpq8iHlOnw4U8eKa5JPNSgaAA0lA/07ctJsTbxg9zi7pe62r7xNlStuTxEzK+R82qqLUmt1OoMMMqu2pLTYZcUFabDw72Vpv6XxpEbfhjCOUC+1Yy5uz0cg0SVU41XkokNkclTPg1K3CQbbdEn/8ArDFh2ruY5ECibjjGJhNE43OV6qPu5redkvvKBM211KAI2WB6JSL+WKEgOT4loBtGBCuYMwUtp96S5KRNkqSAyI6krCrKIJJHQE8xVjuLjFvTikYijA2TOMyf/dAddUymCSbjkDwgX7jv5YhYgs57SdY2RAfo0iNJKFoKrnZQGxxWOpXOY0OYyUCj6ylOk2HvnCTvgRuiou32lisVXnr5aCOW34Ukd/XGV14GZK+7edo7CBHpJOx69sMqIn3ldS7pVvieMTJXDyUIOrr2xLPEyWKPTnKxLtYhpO61jt6D1wWmo2tjxBu20ZhquVhEGMmBDBSop0qsdkjyHqcPXWBF2LAVqWO4y7k9l/KpTWA87DnNeNtxGxbH9R+WF/wylCbIwmoatx6ZkmfOKM7iVIaXV1JBjp0shpGlI81W8z1xSLX6THZ2lxZqBqVAcciZ/MUWrhJBHnfDinMrnXbKSFm+53xODm4/R34rv5Nn/U1VdV/huUvdajtEdPRXolX3h8/O/G/UHSBrajdQP4q/uPj9fj+k6PpGvOlf0rT7D+xnZ0aODHU4EkpI99O4t2Ix4wSwODPQ+J6gUXnXUb6L9QOuNFzJgzP+J3ESPld5dMpy0rntjmPrPibjpG9j5qPljuPp/oja7/udSMV+Pv8A+v7zm+q9VGl/hU8uf2/9zxQ/pb1DiFT2IGYojMOlQkBDL0BGhCrEi6m+1h5fhjqer9H1GtqVNM3A8dgf/qUHTdbTpLGs1A5PnvHujv0ustInUmY1NhE7rQq9j5Edj6HHleq01+js9O9cGd7RqKtQm+o5Euy4DLiQUAoKTckd8CQ7hCk4lRMHQFKKtKQN9sGAM1mUClp9taAtI0dPXExkGZEXPRQmKs6hcC1h1xcaIncItb2mDVKUafM5qEBSkq1bnHaVLvXE5607TkRhgTDWUsTmbMutkHc3AIwm49IlYRPeMzQ2Mox+J8BSVTFRJiNlFk39L2xGqxqznEVtQdpQg/RWEacp9VcdeSRYgt3OHW1bsMbRFUrVDnMccv8A0eaFl6Uak62ubMR7jklXhSexCemENTqLfTIBwI3TWhbOIQjcJPrOeuXLUiQ64offIsPLHKWa+1BtWdHWleO0faRwWRDUl1EVoAi1go2IxVtrtS3eF21Qujg6mQ6VCMlJvvpWRfCrarVHgCSVagOZcY4EpWkhLS0A22S8cBOq1Q/0wmKj2MxOCmVSZTr7rUlEJweCzpBQfMG/T+eOp0OsULtVuRKV6yeZcVUGZdKmNvZgnLW4tRYiuBSkN+R62vfbBrLbmsDAjHn5MJWF7ERbdklhCUP1mTHQ2BZIBAJtueuHltdxwZAqPiSh5byylFQkvxynUoBarkjv62xhZgZoKMdpA9VkwI5BeWuQk8xtFje43t13BxZ6Df6oIgNSE9JgZjWdMj1XP8+TVJEcz3lpC2mG3rBoHfp9449TRfVGTPNrGFZiC3Tq1llHLajPQkBRC0LRb9cQagkZIm0tx2M0Hh1kvMGd57Igwi6orAU468lAHzJ/bCr0vtIAjdNyhxkzYst8B6c1Nlys0uqksNhalR4y1NpB9VAX/TDOk0/HvgtXqMtiuLacq5e+tFoYpjHLbV4NQ1H03vviyC1gYAldvcjJM0TIuTmJNSjrYpDKbuAANMWB38wMKuNpkgxYcmb3nrhfVqzld5mzcCMFo5quYNShe1rDt0xOp97bZF/YuZofCHI9Go+Wn0NyS8UrCHGkWQE7dL/uMEvBQgCKV+/JMSM/5spWXmXojDzN3CQpKRr8+p8xglOVbmRdQRMbfzmyCoNMqc32JVYYsBYMwASGU1qc3l5jkLLT0t3UW2hvpHQ4WvclCIxpwA88ZyodSOXVx5YXGckL5zjjqrqIAsnb5/kMD0K7lJhNcCtvMzJGQIsYKccluulRvy0pAv1xaemD3iIaCIuWI83MTKWWFphRd3lqVcLX1AxSamoW3bQOB3lpp39OvJ7mFMzVmdm/MlPpUdHLiMvhS1JJAJHU/BIwm9RNgVIfcorLNNFqGbWuHVPSilSFN1HqHEHSpPYrNu22w+eJXMQcCJ1oMTMnc3yY9Wj5vrLzq1tEIgRmlfaypAN7gfHdS+guCcVj7rHyewlnXhE2iPND461/K9KXUcxKYqlZeHLab/8A1RYWCj1WQN1Hue4uMMoAx93aCYYHtnjLk1Oc5rUenuCVUJa+Y4l57Speom1wewAQL3Nh8MX621ivKntKrDbsNOmqHkqHTcsx6SpLEphtI1h5I+0Xe5UR0uSAdu+OfcuzlwY+GUDE4g+lpkBNLnyU06oRWaTCSn/KPvfac3SdQQOqjZCev8Qsd8GZ3dQGhasZ4nHcmoPlSm0JU0E7XIscCEYnyBMkQ1KW0vTfYg98TVivImiMx7y5VGKylLCU8uadiFkkK36J9enXD1dm4Y8wTDEeaJlUuQ3GnWuep0A8vTck9QhItvsL28zgloVayWkKt1lgVZNxD4YO5BpzDMSUiVKeaSp+Oi+tv3grSbeJIKfjuPPHMUK95L44E6XUmvTVhF7mYvKfUlakkWt1GH1lHKinAAVHpiQmSuZAJ3O3lieZk/RmFTX0st+8r8BjajccCaJwIzLkIy9Sy2jSp1QskHe57qxY7hQmB3i+N7Snlqk+0vGZJuUJN0gi+o+eIUV7ve02749okWZK97UtUdpd2Em5UDss+eIX3b/aO03XXjkxWelEmyT0wjiHkAWT1N8TAmS5T45fcHZN9zgbHEmgz3jtS6a2WVlZ0M2I/wCRwMA9zJs3gTevo88bXYkdGUKs6SgkinyHN7DryVfqk/Lyx519RdCFjHXacc/6h8/f/M6zo/UcY01p/Q/7f4mi5v4tTsqiRBgqSJTydKVOC/Kv9/4+Xwvik6R0Vda4ss/IO/3+0uuo60aZNifnP7fec45hqrsx2bTYTqpLzi/tpRNy8s7k/DHrqr7RWgwBPPjgEsTk/MNCOnLlKpUUJ1+KzxA6gjf9cWAq2JiVnqlmJMLUKtS8uVMzaTIVFetpVo9x0dgtPcfniq1mho1tZr1C5H7j9JZaXU26V99Jx/vN9ydnsZgpaE1Bg0+Z0LazYOf7kX6jHlvUvp3UdMBsUFq/n4/Wd7oOsU632E4f4/xGOSpQiKs94CNwRvbHM4xL8HJgCUyhLIdSFBI2xJO8n4gCuQGZsQ2GskdT54sKWKtmKvyJlL/D5VcqjjDaleI7npjp01gqryZTW07jGf8A9pYlCpS1qlOtBpBUo32wp+ONzdpAL6Y4irk6pxKJmBdTp9dRTCkaFoljU258cX1YLJtdZV2kZ3KZu9KfzdX2YkuFWqOmIohXMCCeYPTfEv4Kgggxf3+DG/iZ7RFyDNkJkBmQyyVhaOhUB2xT27W9rdiZY1Eg5E5GpfH3ObLpCJ4VpNgC0Dh1+kaQ91kl1lp4E0Sk/SfzemIluRKakONCwSG7fnirfoelJ9uQI4mrfHMZaf8ASlryGo5MloLPvpKLgfDFe3Q61bKk4hheSIfY+lTXUXU0624U/cLVr/A4E/RlYYzJC5orZXzRKqEQR1z0OOcwEpWkWCfn/e+KLVaVKH3KsMGyOYRzIl+Q61LiuRXY7Ck8tpakhdj5gdd8OaCxMbGByZEgkZg1ch6qvqd9mjLej2PLIAv18+uL1NtfaC+0vUgONpWkR22w4NYtawwYe7vINxBrMVyfXGmBHDjQKgVEiydjc/LF305MWCVGstPpmLtAzHVpFIMOIgpbbWWfaGGAla03OxNsej0scYE4e1FJ3GMTeQZ9Yhob5bUp0gFIeSU6R8epxZojGIl1HaP3CLg5LgVhp515qO4tQAQyiyUne+5O/TAb6SqFjCadw9qgRzzpDolEpz8RctDr3MKn1uqCRbew6/0wxpqwE90HqGYWGZxTqhltgl9kwlBO4UygLJN99wMO7ax8RXc57w/lPivSk1J6Kwl4ltaVKc0hKE27XPW+K69BY3BjCMUHM2et8U5OYKcYkKnoS24E7klajuDt0xurSiv3ZzIvdvG3EG5WplezO/Ibhc56E294tauW336/LDDWIgy3eBAJ4EQ88ZTn1SvzC6uPFQySkpZ1OXsexJFumFEsDvzCshC8wTSciR5c9ptKVOLJANlWSflbFiVUCKE8Rk50NmptQonLIYs2Ug2CbHe57b3wJmULibQEMDM7+kBxnfVVxFp7bTaOQlKXAdYNtiR8cIaS7YpRJb6ure4ZviYgnN9ezHUGYhnOuOOqCQho6QfkMM22uQeYqlSg9ps8JIixY1GpySXi2A4+euv71/54HXZlfTUc+ZF0wxYmQSDFys2tLH+amr/1FKJslPX8PIYm9i0DC8tBhWt79ogZmzIEe3vrCwlQspxw3tbr+XbFSQW79zHkAH8oEyczUapX3Kmh4RojTYSp51AUltII8KfMgpI9bC/XDtWkFiZ7Y8yNt4q48mFcx1BytPpfbX7Oy2nQynUFLSgeh3uTvfATWMYEGHPmN/CrLkuirVmWXVG2WGxzGtKEt8nTdWq99r6beur1GF2BUEZhVIaXOIH08F5Xp7tGpaE1iplBbRVgAlDe1gvSffOoKPYYXJxDCrPecs1/NRzNJMg1Bcx52516jqSOwsen9MEr955h+FHErHLjEtsJfSpSlbJVptY38/x/DD61BgcwG7EC1PKUinEqbSXmfNI3HXr59OuF3pZeRzCK+ZQjx1NJc0bE2sfIjAM4k8Zmt8I+ILGVnmZtcS5JZjBXs7gNyhekAXHfdKbHqN+uFNTbZcPTzLLSKlObCIQrOc/8Sznqmt9C0vLFkhQugEbDbqQlKUk97b4uaK0qqCpKnUWtbYWaZ9mGmx6uVuJRypZuS4LAK69fP44jZWG7d5BSREKpQJEBel5BAPRXZWEipXvDg5lVmOt1aUJB1qNgBiGZuMZhDL8YPKIW6qwuD1PphitgBBkEmUoMZ+vTtTqiGgbE+Q8hiSg2tz2mEhBCWYq21Dj+wRSEEAJXoOyR5fHDFt2F2JBIhJ3GJbz5NwDYYQEZkB273xuZPraCtVu2MmRpocEnQVAhHXT541t8yecDAh5hzkOLvcov7va2NyEtCNY+0sL0rBG6TbAiuZMfaX5WZpdUD6VyJEicqyCtw6tW1iq/UmwA+GF6qUqG1FwJOy6xzlzkxsy/lcsSPaGRqdSlCiVdQm3isMPooSLO/qDEr1qpe1VEpbJISdIuNzhrvFlWPmSaRBoEU1etp2Si7bKj37E/yw4mmCL6jyDWbjsWTSqgrO7pnOrVEp0dzU2UHSpKh3SfP1wsVN+d/wCWFXFP5e8Ysu8VJzCjEqsVx6noOlNVCDfb+MdPmMeadW+m1sJt0XH2+f0+J3XTuuFcV6r+v+ZobMmNOZSsKDjax4FA3B9ceauj1MVYYIncBg6hlOQZ4fy6ExisqNz2xtdRg4gmXMNZO4ahCFSltXUd7nzwO3XnOBFTVmJn0jYTmXsjyOWvQ6+oISm9icXfRn/EakZHaVerXZWcTlzJGYk0CoE1COJMVeykLGr8sehW1ll9neUNTBSQ83ml8ZcptssoUwNSLaW0oIAPoBinsr1B7LGlWs+ZFnbi7Lz7TF0enMuMsLTYur8It5DCS6dlcWWnt4lgu3bhJnkHISYEtKTKb5vdtO9/nh5tUWHaDSgDnMKsZUZbTI5rfs6QPChKrqUr1wD1z4hxWIPbgpDiGiG0qV59Rv3wXdxmaxjiFBBEKSpnUFgpuVpG2Abs8wijEZ8lZdzNJW2qPQHXwvYlDCx+2KTUaf1chQYUWKPzETVKTwZzpPdS6nLSWrfcdWACPjgFXTdWeEQwbaqhO7QkvgJVoT5XPp0FouHUhhMi6wfkMXCdN1YGG/vFDrqieCYJRRGqXU3aVLyo666VBCVx3Nj6453W+ppWPqW7cSxqsW0ZAzC9Jy7T4mcMt0mTlxyEam6Ulx1zxKbSlRV0/A/HHW/SjHqG+9LdyocfzMoesuKlFe3kyvmCpUTLlcrVKEliMlp4gR2xcpGq42GPTqXNb58Ti2G5cRdXnBpAUIrZcQk/6il228xbfFn+Jx+URQUA9zBT2cqwqUypqoOMFK0+Bo2tc7fHCmo1NjIQ3aO6SpFfgcyJugTMwIfL6XtRdUFPPqsD6774Z0YaxN3iD1pCWFfMMU/hu+iB7OiY1HCx43kJKtI8k9N8WYqJEqC/OYy5T4fUhpRYUtwtsrSBYhOo9b3wjexqPEMgFgyZ0hWKZljKmSqg80xGaeQxZKidS/hfc3wvVa7uNx4k2RVU4HMVuGHEWNSqTV32oweUVpCUuqIF7W+eJ6lg4yPEhUCpwZiWY8+Vyt1ypgqbiNGQtJLbYGrc9L3wrVkHMMRkQrDrDFBprHskomolQU64pe4A328zizJJHMU28wBn2txsvInJhqTzpI8Lql3sk7k/ieuIvXlDJ0Z3gmYDmiWuryWJIutKkaUqN+gxXac+5hLrUrwGl/IlMdExTsVlTs82bYSBuFH3lfIYZvc42r3MRTAO4+Jrc6U3RIKYLTmqeW7OODfQfUnpjRsFC7F/N5gQnqnce0UtIk1FUmRrQoAJLijYaQLEgfeJ64EgH5mmHP5VijGyzNz9X0QYqVpp7KtUl4b6De6E7H3j1I9cH0lXrsXPabusFC48w9nytUzJ0WPl+mlLcdlIRKfBsFHfwXG5AsN/MYsr7FA9NeBK+tGc725JmPys9Zcp0p3ks/WsjfdBslJ7XUflipLV5+ZZLW5HPEWs38Ua1XG20THgmKj/AEYDQsykdB13NtIFzfoMKWnmN1qFEQHHXZLinHTdajc+uFMQsmiBxpYcQotrBuFJNiDjecdpkd8t5qQ0tDdQSDbo4RcdyAR8bfnh6jUDs8C6eRNBgJjqZU8oNvC5DZACkq7Dp88W67SMxPntBcnIq8zz1fVSI8eRoLi0hJCLC5v6E2PxOKHX2JV7h5lvoqGvO3PaZ1meW9CkOU5SQ2WFFKxbqodfjhGpd3vPmMXttPpjxAsSpvw3g4ysjpdJ3B+OHkYp2iBAMPQswsy06FjlOE9zsfnhlbQ0HsIhRMVp8KL6ErYAurWP09MBubAwJtRHWNwMbp+VncxLnN090pLiY8oWQlvtud9R7fLzwiMk4hNw7THnkzK1U+WUqQE+EaxYITgxG3vMhCszmKJTkRmCA+Raw8u5PqcGS07cCQK55iW44VEqPftiEJIDc3xkyekJKgUjc4yZCdIg85RUd+wxsHEzEc6fG5DFyADbbzxrOZLEuJpwDIcdVpCuwxsCRkUdrlyFpSFBHUXOIkzJpXCzhYjMK3apUF8hDB1NMrTcPd9wNyNjsPxGNNWyKHPmD3AkiV+Ks+fljlyqeoxErPLSyFAraI+6fNPkrofPrjRJM3WoQyXhoql1OE9VqjLYanMf/EdNlKPZSb9SfLDWntWtv4kNZT6lZKGEJz7+ZpHNlrLMRCrJTft6Ys95u97dpW7BV7R3lwy/biiOwksQYoB0gbWHn5k4VsY2HA7CFQbeT3llmUipKUzcoRawUjYj+/LCrLDKZW4dcSF5Bzi1Rq7JLtDfe0peUb+zKJ2Vf+HzHbrjivqHo41lJvpH8QfuPj9fidR0fqTaZ/RsOUP7f+p1xTqM1VpTKG7OINlBSehHb5Y8LvuNIIPeejKAeRNbpuWmocBtBRYgdsII/kyDATjz6XteYlZgj0pLg0RhrUB57jfHpX03Wdr2kfac9rjnCTmg0JyU+CjwoP3jtcY7sWhRzKY1EmHEUFyMUFOkECwuMA9QNCCvbHihZanmnl5tBUV7AgXxVW2puxH0XA5nr6mm06ShclSUKUqwbuNXxOB7lYcQoktVedflpaihJIslWjdSjiCqByZLMmpeXvYlrn1JkrQhN0NXsSb9/hjGt42rNBeZdXDXNbee0BltQuElVj/XAQ2Ib7T+msSmstCyG0kjySAMdUizkS0Vsy5sUiYul0pCS8BZ2Yo/Zsn9ziWT2WazxkxUU2Ke44StUiSv35Lu6lfyHoMaHt4mDnmJueqMqdB9takyIzsY80mKbKUB29cc51bQ/ia9wGSPGM5EtNHeKztPYznuucRPrjMeXmaQ5McmxXHGHZryyXVE3NgB0G9tsd99M9OXp2gVQoXPJxOY6rqfxOpODwOJAnhxXImbJz0yOYiHgHuY+qyyCL9Nzvvi8wrWHHmIPkJDcXJbLLrinJClBXj0JGlI274sl0yjnMr/AF2xCdJfotDvMfXHjhLqN1G6jvt54jetaVsvHMNpS7Wq3wZDWc8NSqxKTBjuPpWsqS85smx7264X09/p1BAO0Nq19S5n+YvVfOs4JShp5TYv7rXfBTqLD2ioqWVqdmduGpSlrdW6pVyVrJJ/E2wo+X7wipt7Tc6hmJMvJCw2hQTISklRtsBY9MMJpyo3Zi5fJxFun1tUelriMrShalBThA8XfDlFKkciBsY54Mz56osGvTEvrKCFnSSdr+uAPUA5xCLkrLNXeivU9LpeUZiVGwuNIG1vnieyaHMzTPNdkz30sKcC3CAlWk7JSO2NkcYhEODmB3bCkRrblKinbe2KpfZcwEuW99CkzV8u5Yay7k+HUWpiDVJaD9mPEplPcnyJ2xXWa3FrfPiHGhPpBgc58QNHeROS6kyHHSLlRUPET3J/nhqjD8kyrtVk4xJKbEi5wrSoyFPONJQCtxJ0jY2JH9j8sM1lNTZ6a9hAOr0V727yLi1xJpvCDK/1VRA1Hqa0qbQEHVy73urz1bkgnuDi5udNNUFX+UTqpbUPuecey6tU8zzdEiW+8VqudSye9yT+uOc3M57y6Cqo4hxiJGpzGotDloAKt9wevXz7YbACCQySYtzJhmyFOKPh+4nyH974r2Yscww4kSUlw+mNTISYbCWxc4HJT7zRuBvjJmIQo+YZlJeAbXrZJBU0onSoftg1dz19jI7A01iJn6m0rKXJpbiUV6ak+0WISplA2sNrEbJ2N73UcJqjam8s/YS29VNNpwifmMz6bHjzUFBaC2wbAdCB0xeBFxgyjz5i3UMtPxrqjgvN9bfewBqiBlZINmA3DySoKuCOxwrC+Ix5KzHIpNRjypDKZ0JlQUIz6yEEg9flgqpuGTBk47TRK/xLkcW6tAo1OQILSlhCGHl2Di7HxKV5Df8AXriVSqmTBtkTRM81HKHCnhyKB7KxUak8gqsseJbp2Lqj1SB2Hp8cJHda2ZNOZy23ARMcfmSnFhhJuVX3Urskev6YYxjgQwHGTB5ZSCog3/bE8CDBzIFoCbjviMlPcRGl0Ei47jGjNjvzHqDQ1Q46Hii7arEG2Aq4biMvWVGfEIMJQ6SlaghI+8Be2DLFZ9+3lvBDaS4okJSEg9MSALHAmuBNFyrkAJbRKqWlbthoa6pB8leZ/LFhTpgDl4q9vhY2VDNLOXm7RXUvzwAEIQPA35aux6Dbvgl1ihdveQRGPMzufT5mZp7jjy1zJjx8YP3h2sANrYpm4PEcEWMz5FqmT6o3IlPh2EoEsSmSdNx1QdtlDuMTGHHMmpK8iaLEzpHztQ4BRDYpz0ZHItHFg8R94jsfxxNC6DvkQtjLeckYMuOOqp8JUbSEnZShbfphlbNwxFGr295WbkpjBpxpRABGoHEyOJFRzBOeYDJloqL6QgFolsfxnoTiutyxwJa1KEXc06B+gJxUTmGryskVh4rlsNmTTnHDcqaTbU1/29R6X8seLfXHSAhr11IwCcN/Psf5zsuh68uradzkjt+nxO2c1TG6HR5cpRCUtNlVyfTHmaAmwKs6Un2Ez+Zefq4M450qEtwJst1WlRO5A2/b88e26Kn8Np1T7TmrDvafKbDXJDiEaAtI3NxfT6XwZmmwslekoiPIadYS4tNikrG+IDJGQZkPOVx9UVpLFwo2uWja58hhXYMnMMMGVHWptTmBtqIpDiR4lKVqUr4YINqDJM33hGDrgpkJ5YamW06lovbz3wMkGbxPAkKCEgBbiwfE4RcXN+2BkSQntTSpC0qClKJOySki/wAMAZsd4QCd8ZqzRIjpEFFQbUr/AKqo6dJPpe+OxGVGCZxQOfEUW5fi0JulPW2NibhRtXtsci9nEC49RiWMiYDiVVICgUmxB2N8DxCZ8zBI3DumZFoNOzg4+y/VV1p5+U4h4KQykuq0osDYEJHx3x2ejuHoemfic/ZWTaTIvpDcXGYdYirpMT2lb8YASHbpRsT2G564W9XY2QJIqSCDMim8Q502hKSuatD5bU2W2/D39OuxxYHWO694qunUHtKuV2framMQ0OlKxJDjjawSFJvub4Qb8vMeqGHjXNaLTrqQvwlW5R94eWLHT4K5i2o4YiQvTCiLymWm0A9V2us+l+3yw3tEUzKdDoj1UqPLCVFpCgVrT2GBMuTM3ADmbpObbi5dCFuFtlDI8SxfYDpizx7IgDzM/wAnTHKjUJ61K8AKdNh1G+N6fsZlnGIv5qaDeYJRFwLg/DbALeLDDV/kxBsySW0c1xwJbP3v4cYpm8fEVpQjTpipBdCG7gKIFzgb2KO8OlTN2EtUimMzk6v/AIjDodWsAi6R237np88Ul1m1siXVafwiDDcitIgx1THyUrkkrDIG5TeyQn+7YSGnNozIjUCk4i2oT823aZirjIKhqKFG6hf7xHnbpgFinTD3R2tl1XC94+1BEjhJlBbshpUCqOt81SnB/pp8Wn0PhSuw88dB01qq6924ZPeUGtqtezaykATjPNGZpeaa1LqE18vvOqPjPlfsOwO5t64Uts9RiYatAi4EI5Zo+lBfdOgL232sN/2B/LDFFfG4yLN4lfNFQ5K/YkbBJ+0t5+X9+WB6hudom6x5i+k77bYUhZbi+E7414kgJcU5ZNh1tgc3PjYACio2xqYOZ+S/yUFwDbtjXeEHHMHOvrccLiiQo9PTBgMQRJPJhem5ldiDQ+C8gbBY95P88M13FeG7QJQHtDIr7MhI5VlK/hSLEfHDPqrjMhtjHw64ZNcRau4/PCkU6Pu842CCtXZAP6+XzwizAnMkTtHEB56yi1DzGqiZZdeqidXL0hIKivuhJHvAdzt+WDtkpNLjzFGfDk5ZdXHksuMz09ULSQU4iAEEkPdA0qoS57qlypDz6z1Lqyo/ngOZMTw5LfU0hhTii2i5SgnYX6nG5v7T9HUpRIHXGZMySndWkdb9cZMhekU4uuI8OIkzI/0l0PtCnvuFLB6X7HthJ8r7hLKlgw9NzxLkTJNSlS0tclTLRPhfdQQlVvLz2w7ph+I/KYnqUbTn3CaHQ8vQMuRXHAQSj/UkOgHz2B7C1+mLtEWkSpZmcyvKr7k8LYgpUwx3dGyz/wAfIYTt1HGFh0qxyZNlnh/Jr7/LaBbaKhd1V7Dcfj1wmMt2huBNTpdGonDltx9brZkaAl9xdlFSb7g9LC/a/bfBdoIMjzmYvxZ4l0nNq5NNhR3o9Lf8KtWndxOyFJtsLDyte564quVbiNYEWOGFELLDpcXreaVpbab3U4onwlKep9Ld9sWlLBkIirZDgzok/Rk4rScvfWs3ItXTGSjmJXoSXdPmWgrmettPTAM7GysdBW0bX7zORSUUhwt1FHLk28DRG6vjfEjebOEkxp/Q5s7xM4lPvSaMhZXs2VIT/L8sMV1jBJidlpPEzTIOeqnkLONMzBSZBj1KnvpeaV2uDukjyIuCO4JxU67SVa6htPaMq3eNae9tPYLEPIn9LOJHHyBn7gPTK1Sjy5FVaCHY2q6o7vRbau+xv8RY48Gp6JqNF1M03jhT3+R3BnpCatNTpw9Z7/t9pyElKWCfaY4SUm4WT+uPQxyOIjDlNdieyPuqUhmQtQCFAdB5YAytmSBEqzWm5mlOtLzyU7unqcTXgSMlpMGTAlNFccyopO9tvwOIWEEd5JY202rLo8xTrbSeW4fcc94D44QZdwhRLFTjmRLUWfs1LSFKBWDjVeR3mbsiFaDRJLCuQoN8tz7TmqsU4hY2eJgPmNkZyOmlcyehnQhZCXEJ3sO2KnUFm4jNf2j3TJD1Ul+1hDyF+6S4duvW2PRwc8zhc8xpbVt6+YxPElLsWoIjPpaU4kPFOoJJ3IxualeBXFVN19LkZTGlwpBG4P8ALGvvNK2eJzPncJXxBzJliU6YrC3PaIpQdKCojUCodzud/TFrTlgCsXfjvFfMLya5k1nmAOS6estOL2GwNv0thgcjnuIDzM3JIbOkgi+2DLwIPEIUWpOQHWghwp1LBVY7WBxEscGEQDMenMxNvOuNuABF9lg9MWGkuBX3QGqrO7iEaZEYmPpMiSliKSPtLagfwxZhwRK1lYdo/N5qyjSaU5FjsumUpXVpBN7feuexAO2Ib1BgvTc8mWM1VNypZbfSyhXL5INh1tt5fHFmSAmTAKhZuIJ4Y5cqEyTJYYZIsgEqUdKeu364TXV00g7jG/wV1v5VgriJQG6RmNwTqgy2tTaV6G1att/LCFur9R91akgx6vRCtcWtgxalTaaqLIYSyuWgjYq2Fx0NsBDXOfiHI09Y45ixUp0RiFHDLS2OYq60qj6Qkdje+/n8MHOncjJMANXWvCiTSn32aaptMuMptwpcSXFhlKutiAqxN79hhU6UE9+Js6suuDFl5NQmTNOtlx1IJuHUkpF+g37eXbDiV7RgRB2zyY98J3ahCq77ykocW0jX9unmWWFeAW6EEn8sV9tA1L7DLDT3NphvEUfpG/SETniI5loQkICXEuSJaXCQ4oG6NI7CylfMnywg2lbTWYBlz+NrvrwRMTyTw/l51qy2YKkhplBdccVuEgX0g/8AIgD54n6y1kF4oNKbc+nGXMkKTlaL/m4imggEIuBpNrCwIFiPdFx139cXI1FbIWQyteiytsOJlzz633VuLOpSjcknriuJJOTCAYnxsgfyxqSluOPexozcmKwm91Db1wPEyeA+HSUg+EdTjMYkhgzy5ILqbDZI2GJqJonPEgJG+9sSkZXcetex+eMxIySmwnZr+lpRSRuVDsMZiZNAj8XazlOhLoUBbaEEaS6EWdQD1sodz59cbAHeQK5nvLnEKk5OpL83lOy8zSLgBweBlJ9b736nuemJuS/Hia2RFqOY3a3OemTn1vSXTdS3P28gPLBFIAxN7cSjImod+yaSNCTcrI3Uf5YjkGT8YlZbRWdXRJ7nEJkkaa0pv0H64yZLMKOXnb9sQLYmwMxzo0MK0ICFLcVZKEp6knAsljib4HM07LPDn3ZVWSoJ2KGEGxPXcnDqabI98XN+D7ZusbMOW6rlH2CrPIjTYSQWmWT9ovyIT5W2J+eKlkfQX7q+xl8tia+jbZ+YTHp4frM7StCW0JVs02PALd7d8Wh1HqDMpfR2HBj7lXh6h5pMmoEMNi32W4Urr37YgELd5m4CWs75+p+VYC4sYCO2gWTy9ir0tguVrXLSHLnAmAZwz5MzS6oFSkxgTZAPXc9fPrhN3Ln7Q4GIsto5hAI+XngeJsTo7/0+JdEjfSgy61mJTXMEeT9Ve0EaDM0fZDf71tem33tNsSUkHEwif07zLGcy7lhmjw61Wpk9t12rqqDkhTkhDDL3PcCy2grcb8QaS0hOpYIQCLFQLIA4nNf0gvotf+4kmrZvpFVU7W5dO+v3Kd9TOw2FNhI1FCyVaHT7xaWdR8RsMbQbDmFNu9dreJz59HbJUTNc3NMeuZVpleogoc4uS6g/yzHcDadITZYKdRUPHoURtZSThpnO3gxbbg8yt9Ifg1QcvZG4efUWQaLTYYqcxFRqMaWtyQ0r2lhKWVFTgUsK1WKShRR2Kbm8KVDN7jMckDiap/hrKNIztXIcLLNPiUWJV5DSaSvL4R4GpCmwOYG13CkpsF3JIIPXCN+mTU4axQSPJjdOos0+QhIB+IO4S5UyPXKzAzDVEONRVZudg/VMhK0tRG2+W7ynUFhalWS5Y6tCdCbki+OcGjSm0tb7Ru4+CO/3l8dZZZXsr5O3k+c/tLtU4aZRlcQMmwKdQGo8iXW0Rn4kKSw1rYUlK+cRZaglHUlSQCg7e9cHupp3IFXuccSFGou2OWbPH9ow5u4VZKTmBmmwaHJnsyM3SGZU2mT2mywh99loFKuQdbDXMYSE+HS48tJvoKsTu0tJGNp/N447/wAu0HTqru5b/T55zj+fcz5w/wAh5aqGT6M5XKYum01mupnv1STVY+8Bu7ZeLIb5hZU6kNaB1Wq+oDCtOjqNfuBxnvkdhn9vmGt1Vi2e0jJXtg9zjj9fiVavQKFT+IVHgVKgPx3ZjUiXVY00tShC1POhpKEhDSUjS2lVzsEupAB2Kk7NNSmpQbfzE5B7AZOMYx/L7Q1V9rUOQ35cYI8n75z/ADjHn3IdBeylDkUygUtVSZy6mS3yIqF2PtTiVLXZSTpCSTqFzcJFiL2sr9LQlJZUGQD8/wCYjRqrzbtZzgn7f4nPt6nSi6wpIft2Qq4tjjiqtOqBEvU6oVBdPcQltTYaXfQRrA73wo1IJ4hVcCdGtsNx0aQAlP4Y7kTjpSXPS6VtodbChZSUavGoX3+GMM0DPMylqqjseVGd5LrZCkrIvbzGNYzNRophShK21BN17kjbfBAR5mj8zmb6TVK+pOIFFqzaNDkhtILgHvFCiLHt0IxZaU4/lF7ATFl6E2mr1GG4Oc1OY5iUjYE7jbF89YLEY7xAHj9JkE+OIslxuziFJ8Gi+3XFZjBxGsCQsvOAeFBsn1GNHtMA5ht6o6Qw4UKAcQAbb3I2wsj7CRH3TeAYcok9xlOpx0MNEg3We3mBg41RTtBDShhzGuNMojxW6gGU6LaUAGyj3wVbns4BgmrqqOSMmazUs5zH8nrZhRI8FCollIbQL2077/yxdVaIEB3YmV79QKkrWgWZ5kivSJNUcbLi1FTfiBNh16Ycopr3YxE7tTaBnMHcQYXMrDLq1JaQtq/MKrDYn+74lqFUERaqxmzEyVV2IagrTzyeqR0+WE9wWNYJ7ySlUk1GsJqs0hylNNJAbJ3UoXsB6Ab4HZqDjCza0jzKk/izQX5Mpr7FSW1lCVzAOW7Y2Nh8f0wn64AxjMN6WfMKUuqZVrKFTJkKkOI07R20+Jdrkq8ABFreYvcYs6PeMsvETdWH5WmVZ84vyKdGmUmghmk09w2U1EQUqUPLWSSBv0Fvdxu21aQQoAzJV1ljlzmYuuc9JfUpZLji1En54pzljkx4cDiN+WKxJy6A5HddiSdQuts9bEWBHQjYn8MTNAZcGFr1DVnKmEc3cSpmaIjFOlpQphpV1qbBHMIAAuO1rHp3JxXCkVsSDH31RuXawikqntLClMrBHYE4IHPmL+mCMgym6ypq90n54KpzAEET0ws2sT1xuaHM9eyc1dgbkm2IZxJBMyd1lLY5aOncjGLyZthjiV1DlpO/4YJBGVHpBUSB0xICanmOwqQ5pT07k9MbAzwJrOITVIbpjQQ2dTpGDHCjHmQGTBypC21KWo3eVvc72/rgMIJSWpSySokk774yZPlrpOM5mT6wLuC++MmRgRSlvwlOKsAgXSOmDemWUmQ3jOIK982HTC5MmOY35ay1JqekNI2FtSz0TiKo1hwJskIMzasq5Vi0JrnICXnEnxSHU2A9N9gMWFSLUM+Ym7M8qVzP6QtUenvpSrdBf03sLdEjz67+mIvqMe1ZiU+WgSivvrma2kOypCty44vp1JuTiuKG2PVv6ZyJ0JlfLUGp5aNSgttu1tjdxkIAAsbgAdzsbH9MIVWHTW7be0uLKxq6d9X5pmmceLUumuKYbeJlNkp0jojc7K+d/wAcXL3qvCShWpjy0xuq1aTV31vSXS4s+Z7YU3FuTDgYGBKzfi8PXGpqWEIsFW62vjYmS1Sqs5Tp8Sa0hDkuC+3JYLqLjWhQUm4uLi4FxffEgBMnR/BX/wBQHPuUeIqa7neoz86UhxlyLKhOFpt5lK3A5rYISkApULhCvCUkgFOxxL7SGJ0rnv8A9SnI2Yci1yDlGNWm6/KhqbjuVOEG2UKWdC7lLijrShSlJ+6VAC+DKu6CJ28zjWhcb1cO6DOZ+rVz2ZgTzG2pCI5eCb+BxRac5iOh0K8IUNVr74my4k1YP2lfOv0v3s61+FU38nttpfrzNdl0n6wSuK+pt4O6Up5AU2VKSAXAorKQUkqBtiaVnGAeTI5HmHn/AKYDuV6HldiVlc1ebClSKjIQ9mCYhibIkLJfddZQQPEkhATeyUpGmxuSa6haBjPJ+0Gjlz2hzhT9KaPk7LcZEDKr81nny5C2nquoLeLqmwkOrLSitSEMtJC9lXCj94jCjKLFH2hFJUmEKz9I1/Nk+j1ONl6VltUAIYUhuoF1LjQShLif9JJu4lCQpZJuABYAAY57WUPWVZMjb/z4l5o7VcMtnOf+fMOZX45VaPmqTWVPVR+ktzZFRjUVmolqK247IL4S4nSeYjWQSAASQCCMVA1zVWktnbnOP8y2OjWykBcbsAZ/xLdC4ksryumLIy7R6vEjUtVJcW+h1EiS0ZCpGlxxKgQjmEEpSASBbULk4VXqITCOgPBHfnk5hW0TEko5HIP24GJUr3FKv1musZlSwzFzOGuVNnR7oRNSAEta2PcBShITtsQlBsCm5g+uZ3FoGG/bH6SaaNFQ0k5X98/rCuYfpEZpr0T2GIFU2F9V/VS216HHnGytS1rLiEo0qUTbwgAAd7nDVvU7GG2sYGMf8xF6+m1qSXOecxBgT3HXHApwNW6Ai2n0GKUrxLYywmWYrqtLqvHsVEm34fLAdpkgeJ0pJ0S0uIlBIcvdKdW1sdkDjichBrGWQKmJqdHNSAgaegTjWJoCM0VsMNhIJPmcaAk+0sF0NqFja3liJmxzMf8ApUQ0VXJVPntp1vU6YkLt2SsFP6gYZ07EkiBcYmUolJW7lieofZqTyyb97Y6rfhVeVpGSwibnKhOIzTNZbQFBataU6drEX6/jipucK5jlNbWAYinVVRqIpKXnkqcWdmxuR8cLby44jpqWv80Js51is0rksRUe0NnXzjuSDsbD8MKeixfJPEd/EKKtqjmBJ1ejOtKdkuBO1wpRtbrizSsCUz3EnmKk/ie/THgaYogp91alXB+WChIu1meIepv0oM1IhogvKiFCU6EqLCbEbgX/ABxZVallXaTEmpUnIE/ZZ49VPL9bZeqMFiXHvZSmhoJB+GNV3sjZ8TGqVxiaBmfjXQswQoay2/GUElKgAFJ36HscHvuLAGQrqCZEDUVDGZXw3TVmSj3nLJN0Dz9MLm4bc+YUJzK/EbPBZp7WWcuJ1OlOlx5KrqKjsQn9PxwFWLDHmbPBye0E8POH7lUQmJUafoitn7UvoIN7gG1x73iB+GD0aRnYluBAvcoHEZ81wct5KoMmqx5XsykNKZRC0lRKlJPgSetthv2xYBvTB3DAgeX7TmlxD1QdW8VX1Em6u++/88VLEucx0DAhqn5dfjNFamkKWoX8R6d/l0H44PWmBkyBbPEpVGoSGUqYbWE/xaT0/v8AfA3cjgSQWBw26smxJPxwtJyVr2hk3ST+ONYBkwxHaW2572nQ8zqT5jECuDxDB8jDT2EodBKAUnyUMYCZrAPaWkJVDYLixbV7t+/riGdxxCbSgyZRfmhN7XJwYDEWLZlJx1TnU2xPEhPjDCnl6Ui/niQGeJrtCK3G6ezy0eJ04LwgwJEc94PUrlkrWdTh7HtgeZOVHHCSpRONTJCVXvjJksRmysX64yZLTMMtrOrY7Y0ZkZWZKpkZppoXWfCfIeuHVsGyA28x4ovACvNOxZdQhuRoL6Oc046NOtIO4PcfDrY36Yq2YZwIwvM1OLTMv8PstNTqg0p7m+FqM2dN1C9x62I6/DbE0uI9o8SBTJ5mP5wzNOzI46Glriw9V0RUrJSPj5421heSCgCDKFRahIkoEwKYZuPe2UoHofh64NXSXHMG1gXiadGqMSj07TrSw0gAeI73tvfzva+GvbWJBctA54r1WNKUaXJchBVgtbZsXPjip1G27jHEsNO7UngwHVkJqaDNYupSvfQet/P88KVnYdpj9qi1d6Re1WXfcD44cErTxLDRtvYY3I/eWEyigX0gpOxxMCangXC9jYXvcDtjYGJqfn2VKOtk2WnZQA3IxhOJm3MqyUO01xp5hdkkXsD0PcYnW0G647yWtVdVYjRkABKkDx3274eKb1gE9hkD8inO1+bUIyS3T2UjkpX16fzwbSnbl38Ql+CcJ5itNnOVKY4+51Ue3bywlZYbGLGTVQowJt/0ZaRFzZWZtKmKK1MIEptB2SU3som3kbH54JRt3e+CtDke2bdneq5dptMdpxaMl/cIUwQkNHz6X+WGdRZW6FCM5gKUdH3DiCeFNdoc+QaPWoojz3No0q2lMhPYHtq+HXHmnWOnW1A308jyPidx07XI/wDBs4PiahM4fxn2eQxzGRfcp2BxxgtYHJnRYgqZw6caka+e7sLFVuuGVvB8SBWRReHpS8HC8tZ732xJr8TW0mfX+GUvmOOR5ISFDoodcEXUAjkSO0iQSuGdTSlsxlBdh40rP6YPW2fEgT8zouoU1hwtuFPjBtceWOuI8zkgeZI2yhpBSgWAxvM2CZ4OwNsZNxZTNekS39bhsklIANgMD7zM8wLxRjolcKsxIdGoIjF0E9dSSCDglPDjEi/KmYvQ6YzM4cQJTmrmNSRpANhuo3xeWOfSUTWmqV2JafOPM5carRUR0txgmGQS0mxV8ThDbuAZuTHmb0yUQYAnL099bspbijdZUbqw6oAEqCxJyZ7hyFpqCWwrwKSQQe+IsOIWsnOItVma8++ppayUA9MMqMCKOfcYG28Ww26Y3BGQO+8oeVsb7TBDmWECopeZfJWhKbjGZ4meZ+ipvOdgqUVMb2BO4+GI5yJLGJLBzLVqPHlRoNSkxWHPCtDS9Osb9fwxFQCeZEz7lSoPz69DZeWVAuoBUNle9bqMbK7TxI95uas5VSjUNpuM8AlKEEFY1EHSg3ufXF9TawQRFqlJJmPcTM11PMlSiR6hILzMdtPLRawF0pv0+GEb3LcGM1qF7RbpRKpu/RCCoD1ANsAr5aFPaFps55qM6UrtYHa3lhhiQpMGBFtP2m6tz54RhPMkCQnTYWvjJsT6VFN8ZNieQTcb4gZuStEpWLfHEIVTifZ1TflOWdUFADYWtjSKB2k3sZ/zSkpAKTt3weAkekJSo+tsazIiEWkiLDUtAGoi9zhke1ciDPJlFsktuOk6l36nEBzzJymskkkm58ziMyQK3JxkyfLb4yZD2WoyHpBSsXFxidYyZFu0v19hDL7ekW1J/fGXAAzSdptn0OMtU7MGdpy6jGRLEJlDzLboBSFlVtRHe3bA84QzR4xO4eIdHiS8i1JDjKTyGVOtECxQpIJBH4YrV5bmFHA4n885FVlVsPLmPKdspakjoE99h2w1tA7TAcxoyll+FIpMiW43reZLakX6Aknt8sPadFIyYs7EcSHO59kjIfb2cQrSFHyP/gYaYlQcSCjJwZlr9XlVIlUhwrKSQkdAMVbsWPMdVQvaTxx4L98DxJQtR31tvmxuCkgg98AsUYzHtOxziVqq0luSSkWuNVu18SqJImr1APEjZF0fDBx2ig7S4loKaUd9tsEEhPCE6jYk2HT0xo9ptBkw5DYRFhJfQLuKG5Vv2woSScSwChVyIvL+1enNqAI1Ej02J/bDaDBlYxzmLlWcVHhqKFEEmxxaE7a+IqBkwlWmkM5Coq0ISHHHXQtYG6gCLXwjuILLnjiWDqPSVvPMVWO/wxEwIjrwprUyg5/o70F9TDjjhYWUn3kLFlA+mA2DcvMYqOHE26uoCKg4epNl3PnhjTndjMhqVCscT5mWG2l2C2kFKfZ0OAg7hR7g4duUYiNZOZt3A+vTsyZSdVUH1PuxZKoyXj76kgCxUe53648g65patNqSKhgHmegdMve+nL84mloRqTYkn1OOdEtp5SwgBQt3643N+JZU0kJ6A2GHE8QJhnLsRlThWUBRtffFtTxE7DP/2Q==
