##Kuang Shi Xie Yinan: How is the AI temperature measurement of the Railway Station Airport realized?

Micro-signal, Rancaijing

A feature presentation, a daily in depth report, redefines the innovation economy.

Original by ran CAIJING

Author | Yu Fan

Editor | Wei Jia

The outbreak, let AI enterprises busy up, not only urgent research and development of anti-"epidemic" products, but also efficient resumption of production, but also to weigh the impact of the epidemic to the enterprise and industry.

Kuang Shi is one of the more special ones. On the one hand, the AI temperature measurement system, which has been on line for ten days and nights, is reinforcing the fight against the epidemic in public places. On the other hand, according to previous media reports, new Crown Epidemic before the company has submitted a listing application documents, the original plan at the beginning of this month, but due to the epidemic, the process was delayed. Recently, the Hong Kong Stock Exchange website showed that the application for the IPO is "invalid" status, the company responded that the listing process is still in normal progress, is updating materials.

On February 27, Caijing held an online salon with the theme "what are the new opportunities for AI industry under the epidemic situation" , huachuang capital partner Xiong Weiming, Kuangshi Vice President Xie Yinan, Kuaokang intelligent co-founder Sun Yu respectively for the theme of sharing, and financial editor he shulong made a dialogue.

Based on the theme of "experience and challenge of AI technology enterprises to deal with epidemic situation quickly" , Xie Yinan introduces the difficulties encountered in the development and application of anti-epidemic AI temperature measurement system, as well as the layout and planning of the Commercial Battlefield of Kuang Shi.

Here's Xie Yinan's post, compiled by BURNFINANCE:

How is the AI temperature measurement realized?

Ai has long been seen as a new technological opportunity after the Internet, whether it's AI + or + Ai, if you solve the problem first, or in an AI temperature scenario, depending on what's going on first.

One of the existing methods of temperature measurement is the frontal temperature gun, which is used in companies and office buildings where the flow of people is not large, including hand-held infrared thermometers and on-line automatic infrared thermometers, which are used in public places such as railway stations and airports with large pedestrian flow, but hand-held infrared thermometers have low efficiency through manual screening, at the same time, the staff will be exposed to dangerous situations, and on-line full-automatic infrared thermometer also has disadvantages.

The principle of an infrared thermometer is that when the infrared heat radiation of the human body is focused on the detector, the Detector Converts the Radiation Power into an electrical signal, which is displayed in units of temperature after the ambient temperature is compensated, it can take the temperature of 100 people at the same time, it tells you that one in 100 is hot, but it doesn't tell you who is hot, and it can be affected by some factors, such as people leaving a cold environment outside, or holding hot food in their hands.

A lot of people say that AI is "looking for a nail with a hammer. " During this epidemic, AI saw this nail, and the problem was very prominent. That's why we came in. Ai Temperature solved three things: How to mark the temperature of each person in the temperature group; how to find an effective place to measure body temperature in winter when there is very little skin exposed and a mask is worn; and how to find a place to measure body temperature when the temperature deviation is large, how to calibrate.

Vision has always been human detection in AI recognition, and this time we combined an ordinary optical camera with an infrared thermal camera, we call it a two-light camera, and this modified hardware solves the first problem.

To solve the second problem, we scan the mask out, then quickly through the mask to locate the position of the forehead.

The solution to the third problem requires a standard for improving the accuracy of temperature measurements, known as blackbodies, which are currently in short supply. The solution to the problem is to use an algorithm to ensure that even without blackbodies, the body temperature measurement error is 0.3 °C.

To sum up, in the case of AI thermometers, the value of broadview, which offers face detection algorithms, dual-light fusion algorithms, and algorithms that remove blackbodies, is that it no longer requires dedicated thermometers, and it no longer causes congestion because of temperature measurements.

Vision isn't ambitious because it has an algorithmic platform

Broadview's strategy is "1 + 3" and "1" corresponds to the algorithmic platform Brain + + , hoping to turn it into an AI era OS. The current timetable is to open source it for AI solution providers by the end of March this year; Broadview is not ambitious because of the "1" , because AI can be used anywhere, we do only "3" big areas: personal networking, Urban Iot, supply chain Iot.

In terms of personal networking, take the current android phone APP as an example. People can now take beautiful pictures with their phones, not because of the Lens, but because AI optimizes the Pixel Blur and overexposure point by point.

Applications for the urban Internet of things are mainly buildings. We've all had the experience of visiting a building or park with an invitation code or an invitation pad. It's inefficient and unsafe, so now more and more scenes are using face swiping in and out, not because it's a high tech experience, it does make it more efficient. Beijing's China Zun is now using our solution, after testing, than the normal card efficiency of about 15%-20% , but also to ensure a higher level of security.

The supply chain iot aspect is primarily a logistics solution. For example, Kuang Shi provides retailers with a set of visual algorithms that can analyze data to figure out where the most profitable items should be placed, where items should be promoted, and which items should be removed from the Sku, this solution is equivalent to providing a virtual store manager for a retail store.

For example, open view in the warehouse logistics to provide solutions.

We once entered the largest warehouse in the north of an enterprise. At that time, it was January. The temperature in the warehouse was about ten degrees below zero. Inside, more than 300 workers pushed a big iron cart to carry the goods. The staff told us that, a person has to travel 20 km a day, so the labor costs are high and the turnover rate is high. In the end, our delivery plan was to replace the staff with nearly 400 robots, pick up and deliver the goods according to the order, and only two people need to be kept in the warehouse. This configuration supported the delivery of this enterprise's double 11, which not only met the normal flow, and we're dealing with a massive negative flow. Negative traffic mainly refers to the return and exchange of goods, their staff told me that e-commerce platform in the field of clothing return and exchange rate of about 60% .

The "1 + 3" strategy has lasted for 5 years. We believe that the algorithm must be integrated with hardware, and the ability to transform existing logistics network equipment through Ai is the core of a company's competitiveness.

Dialogue Xie Yinan:

Every technology has a way of getting to the point

The process of first falling and then rising

Fuel Finance and Economics: How much does the Epidemic Affect Kuang Shi Business? Absenteeism to see how the current resumption of work? When is the full resumption of business expected?

Xie Yinan: In an epidemic, there are a lot of scenarios that suddenly come to fruition, including all the non-contact needs that arise from an epidemic, and those needs become a trend even after the epidemic, this is the big opportunity for the CV.

According to national requirements, absentee last week (February 17) to resume work, but because of the "14-day quarantine period" and the requirements of "one meter interval office" , only half of colleagues to resume work offline.

Burning Finance and Economics: What are the main challenges facing Kuang Shi during the anti-epidemic period? Open view many businesses have hardware support, during the epidemic demand growth, how to solve the hardware supply chain problem? Have you completed the scale delivery?

Xie Yinan: the first challenge is to get into an unfamiliar supply chain at the speed of the internet or the speed of AI. When the outbreak broke out, we had to look for infrared cameras, black bodies and so on, which were not on our list before. The second challenge is how to keep workers safe, from supplies of face masks to less risky commutes.

There are difficulties is inevitable, now the vast majority of enterprises are facing difficulties, in the case of insufficient capacity to find ways to fill capacity. We are all in pursuit of large-scale production to do, has been in three to five provinces and cities to complete the landing of equipment.

Fuel Finance and Economics: during the epidemic, many AI enterprises have launched and open view AI temperature measurement system similar products, each enterprise AI temperature measurement technology differences? What is the cost, price, customer base, sustainability of the product?

Xie Yinan: in the epidemic prevention and control of temperature, the first AI companies involved in not much, more is the application of traditional equipment, the cost will be very high. Then we got involved, because we were ahead of the game in AI, and we were able to solve the blackbody-free temperature measurement using AI, which cut the cost of the whole solution by a third.

We think the customer base is very broad, residential, community, office buildings, schools, stations and these places need to be used, and because the current increase in the number of cases of clustering, the most urgent thing is temperature screening. Now and 2003 SARS period is not the same, a lot of movement after the norm is hard to erase, I think non-contact access will become just need.

Fuel Finance: The epidemic for the application and landing of AI technology provides a lot of new scenes, but also some people questioned that many technologies or Gimmicks, not smart enough. Do you think that's true?

Xie Yinan: This may not be true. Standing in the industry, every company that really does testing and development, rarely does it with the mentality of freeloading. These days, these companies are all carrying the epidemic, developing products during the Spring Festival, if only for propaganda purposes, there's no need for that. From the demand point of view, temperature measurement is the current many scenarios just need.

Burning Finance and Economics: burning money and losses is also the AI industry business model is the most criticized point, many AI companies can not make profits, what is the reason? How should it be resolved? What are the most important "KPI" in the next three to five years?

Xie Yinan: I am inclined to think that any technology will reach a peak and then go down, and then slowly climb up. I think all AI companies or AI technology need to accept this process, who can first find that inflection point is very important, we think that inflection point is the ability to product.

The most important thing in the next three to five years is to find out where the technology, the algorithms are going to be used. If there is no scenario, no product, what the company does is just an attempt at technology, and it doesn't work, which is why many companies can invest a lot of technology in the early days, do a lot of testing, and get a dividend, a return on capital, but this trend will continue to slow down in the future.

"product first" is the first thing you learn in an epidemic

Burning Finance and Economics: The recent very hot fitness ring, behind is the sense of body technology, in this regard, Kuangshi what research progress and application?

Xie Yinan: the sense of motion technology in broad view is called skeleton recognition, I talk about two potential applications of landing. One is that at sporting events, the gymnast, which used to be described subjectively by the referee, can now be used to judge an athlete's posture. The other is the motion-sensing game consoles, many of which use a worn game controller to sense and influence the user's movements, such as running and arm-swinging. At present, we are trying to remove the controller, through the camera can capture and simulate human action.

Burning Finance: Since last year, there has been much controversy about the application of AI technology in some fields. How do you think we should protect privacy effectively in the process of commercialization?

Xie Yinan: This problem is very valuable, this also is why to ignore to do business at the same time issued"application criterion". Any technology in the process of application is to sacrifice a part of privacy, the original exchange is based on the roar, find people based on dogs, can now find people through a number of ways to find, any technology in the application process will bring some changes to the industry, the change is required technology itself, the user, the country has a handshake.

I think the first thing to do is to confront these issues and empower with fairness. Therefore the enterprise first needs to have a set of restraint own standard, next unites the country, the user to push the standard production together, the enterprise should rush in the front, lets everybody see this question.

Burn Finance: Many company founders have software backgrounds, but as the company grows, many products require a combination of hardware and software, so the supply chain becomes more complex? Has Kuang Shi ever stepped in a pit? Can you share it?

Xie Yinan: no enterprise in the entrepreneurial process can be plain sailing, are bound to step on the pit, if not even the courage to step on the pit, then in the AI industry may not have too good prospects for development. If you're walking and there's no potholes, just like there's no weirdness in playing video games and no competition in starting a business, you're going the wrong way. Our current wave of AI enterprises is an unprecedented way of development, business models looking forward there is no one standard answer, so AI enterprises can only step by step.

Finance and Economics: for Kuangshi, affected by the outbreak of the listing delay, but also get more opportunities to show business, how to look at the outbreak of the company's internal development and strategic changes? What will the long-term impact of the epidemic be on the AI industry?

Xie Yinan: now everyone's algorithm is more in the server, the cloud, there is no ability to write AI into every device, I think this is for enterprises need to really think. This outbreak tells the AI industry that more people need to take time to practice internal skills, such as whether your Ai Algorithm and now mature iot devices, cameras, switch sensors, access control, strobe, etc. , it's very important to make connections or other morphological changes. "Product First" is proposed by Kuang Shi, which we believe is the first thing an enterprise should learn during this epidemic.

* in-depth reports on the "Innovative Economic War Disease Plan" and the Salon documentary can be read on the public menu "war disease plan" .

Where would you most like to see AI applied?

You are welcome to leave your comments in the comments area. Please click on the public menu "reprinting cooperation" for original articles.

First-hand Information / Hard Core Report / daily Red Envelope / offline activities! All that's missing is you! Speed Up Wechat rancaijing02 reply "reader" one button on the car!

Where would you most like to see AI applied?

You are welcome to leave your comments in the comments area. Please click on the public menu "reprinting cooperation" for original articles.

First-hand Information / Hard Core Report / daily Red Envelope / offline activities! All that's missing is you! Speed Up Wechat rancaijing02 reply "reader" one button on the car!

I think I'm watching it

WECHAT SWEEPS UP Praise for author

####Send it to the author

People Admire

Long-press the QR code to transfer the funds to me

WECHAT's iOS version of the APP has been turned off to support public accounts through Qr code transfers due to apple's new rules.

Go to "discover"-"take a look" browse "friends watching"

Sent

####Send it to take a look

Sending

A scan of wechat
Pay attention to the account


-------------
title: Kuang Shi Xie Yinan: How is the AI temperature measurement of the Railway Station Airport realized?
source: Burning Finance
authors: _
editors: _
proofreader: _
photographer: _
translator: _
via: https://github.com/2019ncovmemory/nCovMemory
link: https://mp.weixin.qq.com/s/EJVRNyoVtgSxbTYMAlm1DQ
archive: http://archive.ph/gFz16
snapshot: https://github.com/2019ncovmemory/nCovMemory/blob/master/archive/jpg/2379.jpg
lead: Any technology has a process of going to the peak and then going down and back up.
cover: data:image/jpeg;base64,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
