##Chinese students who suffer from "Sinophobia" are even exposed to the "virus" | in public

MICRO-SIGNAL BQSHENYIDU

Beijing Youth Daily reports from the official public number

Reporter / Yan Xingyue

Editor / Edward Shek, Jianhua Song

A passenger wearing a protective mask stands at a ticket counter at Sheremetyevo International Airport in Moscow

February 26, the new pneumonia epidemic in the world appeared an unexpected "inflection point. ". For the first time, more new cases have been reported outside China than in China (411 in China and 427 in other countries and regions around the world) , with outbreaks in South Korea, Iran and northern Italy, according to WHO data.

As a result of the people to the virus transmission unknown, the fear and the misunderstanding, some sojourns overseas Chinese are labeled "the new crown pneumonia" , faces is discriminated against the sight. Some people like the fear of the virus with the Chinese people to maintain a "safe distance" , the foreign media called this psychology and behavior "Sinophobia" or "phobia.

Compared with the Chinese and overseas Chinese who have taken root in the area, the "fear of Chinese" is more obvious for the group of overseas students who "drift" abroad. At one point, a reporter interviewed four Chinese students studying in Russia, the Netherlands, Italy and South Korea. Some of them were invited into "small dark houses" and others were directly "coronaviruses" in public places, some people change their life choices.

Yu Jie, a Chinese student studying in Italy, can understand the "distance" of the new pneumonia, but she believes that precautions should not be taken only against the Chinese, and she tries to explain to those around her, "It is not only the Chinese who are infected with the virus, everyone should take precautions. ".

The Chinese Embassy in Russia has sent a note to the Moscow government

"Hard core management" in Moscow

To date, Russia has reported five confirmed cases of new coronary pneumonia, of which two have recovered. After the outbreak, the Russian authorities adopted strict epidemic prevention measures. On February 18, Russian Deputy Prime Minister for Health Goricova announced that "from February 20, all Chinese citizens will be banned from entering the Russian border for work, private travel, education or sightseeing purposes. "

According to RIA Novosti, Moscow officials ordered police to search hotels, dormitories, apartment buildings and shops in order to "track down" the Chinese, and on public transport such as buses, subways and trams in Moscow, using face recognition technology to track Chinese People's dynamic state.

Zhou Yunting, a junior at a Moscow university who was one of the "chases" , was taken into a "dark room" for questioning by Russian police on the subway.

On Feb. 24, as Zhou rode the subway from near her school to work in Red Square, several police officers approached her and asked to see her identification card, without explaining why. Zhou Yunting presented her passport, Visa and Immigration Card as required. She was then taken to an enclosed room in a subway station.

"You go through a code door, and then you go through a dark corridor at the end of the corridor, " Ms. Zhou recalled. The room had no windows, just a table and a bench, and she was placed on a bench. "Next to the bench is one of those little cubicles where people are held. "

The police entered Ms. Zhou's information into a computer and asked her, "when did I arrive in Moscow, where did I go, did I go back to China, and took pictures of me. "

This is not the first time that Zhou was photographed by the police. From Feb. 22 to Feb. 25, Zhou was photographed four times in different places. At noon on Feb. 22, the police arrived at the school and gathered all the Chinese students to take photos and register their identity cards one by one in the dormitory downstairs. This was the first time Zhou Yunting had registered for a photo shoot.

On Feb. 24, Zhou Yunting experienced a second photo shoot in her subway station room, where she waited 20 minutes before being allowed to leave. On the same day, she left the station in Red Square, and was stopped by the police to register and take photos. At noon on February 25, the police returned to the school to take photos of the Chinese students.

"The Moscow government is using big data technology, and every one of us (Chinese) can be seen through the street cameras after we have been photographed, " Zhou told reporters.

In fact, Ms. Zhou, who has not returned to China since arriving in Moscow in late August 2019, "visited Morocco and Murmansk during the winter vacation, which are all recorded by the police. " Ms. Zhou considers herself lucky. One of her friends, after being ID'd on the subway, he was taken straight to the hospital for mandatory isolation. "My two roommates, who are home for the Spring Festival, can not return to school. "

Chinese students at Ms. Zhou's school have been quarantined, and Ms. Zhou has had to move to a new, empty dormitory, where every Chinese student is required to have their temperature checked at 4 p.m. , regardless of whether they returned to China during the outbreak.

Normal classes are also affected. Starting this semester, Chinese students will have to take temperature readings at the side of the building to get into classes, Zhou said. "We have electronic cards, which we used to swipe in, but now Chinese students' electronic cards are invalid. "

'The only people targeted by these measures are Chinese, ' Ms. Zhou said. 'native Russians and people from other countries are not regulated in any way. '.

On February 24, the Chinese Embassy in Moscow sent a note to the Moscow city government saying: China has noticed that Moscow buses, subways and some law enforcement agencies have targeted only Chinese people for inspection on the grounds of preventing and controlling the COVID-19, in the United States and other Western countries, there is no such thing as form-filling. China understands the need for anti-epidemic measures, but hopes that the municipal government will adopt "appropriate and non-discriminatory" measures in view of the highly friendly relations between China and Russia.

The Dutch Chinese girl was stabbed in an elevator after she tried to stop a local from humming an anti Chinese song, she said in a statement posted on facebook

Dutch student who was exposed to the virus

Peng, who attends 2011 ABN Amro World Tennis Tournament – Singles, has not been treated unfairly in any way since she arrived in the Netherlands in 2018, but that has changed recently.

At about 1 p.m. on Feb. 20, Peng Lizhen was walking near the Schenkel subway station in Rotterdam when a man in his 40s and 50s suddenly approached her, "He saw me and yelled at Corona, and then he said something in Dutch that I didn't understand, and I didn't know he was attacking me until he called me corona. "

Before Peng could react, the man turned and walked away. Not long ago, Peng Lizhen heard something similar in the Chinese student union at her school. "There are some Dutch people in the subway who yell at Chinese people when they see them, " she said. "Many classmates have experienced this kind of thing, and some students have been beaten. "

Peng, who also studied at the Tilburg University, heard from classmates that a Chinese American student had been knifed for trying to dissuade others from singing insulting songs in an elevator. "She was hit in the head with something and lost a lot of blood. Then someone cut her open with a knife. "

According to Dutch RTL news, the 24-year-old Chinese girl's name is Cindy. "I was standing in the elevator and they came in and started singing a carnival song about the coronavirus. I told them to stop. Then they pushed me and pulled out a knife and said they would destroy the coronavirus, " she said in a statement posted on her Facebook page

The song that caused Cindy's discomfort in the elevator was called "Voorkomen is beter Dan Chinezen, " and the lyrics were adapted to read: "It's all the fault of the stinking Chinese people" and "don't eat Chinese food, or you'll get a coronavirus. "

Although only one person in the Netherlands has been diagnosed, Ms Peng is feeling the change in attitudes around her. The other day, she met a Dutchman who liked Chinese culture. He talked to Peng in Chinese on the subway and said he felt sorry for the Chinese epidemic. "But when the two of us were speaking Chinese, someone was filming us with their mobile phone. I don't know why. "

Peng said she was sad, even though it was only a small group.

There is also a shortage of masks outside China

Three times in one day

Compared with the Netherlands, Italy's "fear of China" sentiment is more obvious.

As of 1500 hours on February 28th, Italy had 655 confirmed cases of COVID-19 pneumonia and 45 deaths, making it the country with the highest number of infections outside Asia. Before the 21st, only three cases had been confirmed in Italy.

The outbreak of the outbreak of an unprecedented panic in Italy, many supermarkets have panic buying waves, large numbers of people to the supermarket to buy food, disinfection supplies, masks, most of the supermarket shelves have been emptied.

In the panic over the virus, some Italians have "targeted" the Chinese. Yu Jie (not her real name) , a Chinese student studying at the UNIVERSITÀ per stranieri Di Perugia in Italy, told reporters that she had been treated unfairly four times in the past two days, including three times in the same day.

On the afternoon of Feb. 23, Yu Jie and two other Chinese students stood in line at a supermarket near their home. While waiting, Yu and her classmates discussed the evening menu in Chinese. "A woman in her 40s suddenly turned around in front of us and told us to stay away from three or four meters away, not to talk and to make a quick walk, " Yu said.

It was the first time she had been "ostracized" by locals in Italy, and she immediately retorted, telling the aunt that the new coronaviruses were not just for Chinese, but for Italians as well. Yu hoped her explanation would clear up the misunderstanding. "But the other side was impatient and asked us to stop talking. "

Yu Jie has yet to emerge from the "Shadow" of the supermarket incident, and similar events will follow the next day. At noon on Feb. 24, Yu Jie and her Chinese classmates were having lunch in the cafeteria when an Italian schoolboy sat behind them and made insulting gestures.

After school that day, Yu Jie and her friends decided to go to the supermarket to buy more food. At the PINCETTO subway station in Umbria, Yu Jie and her friends were about to pull into the station when two middle-aged Italian women walking in front of her suddenly said, "there are Chinese people. " Then they walked away.

As she entered the subway car, the two Italian women reappeared, shouting to the passengers inside: "Don't take this train, they are Chinese, stay away from them. " To her relief, most of the passengers ignored it.

On the way back from the supermarket, Yu Jie met four or five young Italians, men and women, laughing. They see Yu Jie said, "Chinese! Virus! " Side said, also to Yu Jie and friends than out of the lunch canteen to see the gesture.

Most Italians were understanding, Ms. Yu said, and "at first it was anger, but now it's sadness. "

Yu Jie and her friends have been dying to go home. She has checked the tickets, but since Italy has stopped commercial flights to China, there are no direct flights home until May.

"No Chinese in, no Chinese out" posted in Korean shop

She walked forward and the landlord backed away

Apart from China, South Korea has become the second biggest battleground in the NCP epidemic. On February 28, the number of new coronavirus cases in South Korea rose to 2,022.

Kwan ching-yee is a Hong Kong native studying in Korea. On December 24,2019, she returned to China on vacation. During the vacation, she visited Suzhou and returned to Hong Kong on New Year's Eve. On February 22, Guan Jingyi returned to Korea.

When she entered South Korea, the customs asked her to give her cell phone number. Guan learned that starting Feb. 12, every Chinese immigrant was required to install a "self-diagnosis APP" to voluntarily report their health status, and Guan was also required to download the APP.

"there is a form on the page that you have to fill out to see if you have a fever or other symptoms, and you have to submit it every day, " Guan said. If you don't submit it, someone will "come to you. ".

A notice issued by South Korea's Central Emergency Management Department said Chinese immigrants will be reminded every morning at 10:00 am to "enter self-diagnostic information" if they forget to enter it, will be in the same day from 2 pm to 4 PM to receive additional input notice, if the repeated refusal to input, the Korean epidemic prevention department will telephone contact, the Korean police agency will take corresponding measures.

At 8 pm on February 22, Guan Jingyi, who returned to South Korea, was about to go shopping when she met her landlord downstairs. The landlord was cleaning out the trash at the front door, and he saw me frowning, and I was waving to him, and he saw me coming towards him, and he backed away

"The landlord is a 60-or 70-year-old Korean uncle who is usually very enthusiastic, " Guan Jingyi said politely, the landlord asked her: "You Chinese spread the virus to South Korea, don't you think about how to deal with it? " Guan Jingyi noticed that the landlord did not use honorific when talking to her, the tone is very bad. Before that, they called each other by the honorific.

Guan Jingyi had not decided how to answer, the landlord let her leave immediately.

Guan Jingyi also found that if you walk down the street and speak in Chinese, the Koreans around you will cast strange looks, and some people will avoid. After returning to her residence, Guan began to isolate herself in the dormitory. After 14 days, she will get a quarantine certificate and return to the school.

On the day of the Guanghua Gate Rally in South Korea, Guan Jingyi kept a close watch in her wechat circle, where she saw some people holding signs that read "China Out. ". Guan Jingyi also found signs outside some convenience stores that read "No Chinese allowed" . Recently, some friends went to restaurants and were refused entry by waiters. She is worried about being ostracized by her classmates when school starts in March.

Recent events have led Ms. Kwan to reframe her future work plan. "I had planned to stay with South Korea or China whenever the opportunity presented itself, but now I still want to return home. ".

(to protect the privacy of the interviewees, Zhou Yunting and Yu Jie were given pseudonyms.)

[ anti-infringement announcement ] this article was first published exclusively by Beijing Youth Daily in Tencent News, and can not be reproduced without authorization.

Three cases of pathological anatomy of the initial diagnosis was completed, the deceased had mucinous secretions | depth report

I don't want to be a hero. I just want to avoid despair. | in-depth report

Farewell to Dr. Li Wenliang: May Heaven be virus-free | in-depth report

Go to "discover"-"take a look" browse "friends watching"

Sent

####Send it to take a look

Sending

A scan of wechat
Pay attention to the account


-------------
title: Chinese students who suffer from "Sinophobia" are even exposed to the "virus" | in public
source: bei-qing-shen-yi-du
authors: _
editors: _
proofreader: _
photographer: _
translator: _
via: https://github.com/2019ncovmemory/nCovMemory
link: https://mp.weixin.qq.com/s/IYYgbphHxZQ8uMRLOxTVtw
archive: http://archive.is/VNhqQ
snapshot: https://github.com/2019ncovmemory/nCovMemory/blob/master/archive/jpg/2371.jpg
lead: Some people like to fear the virus with the Chinese people to maintain a "safe distance. "
cover: data:image/jpeg;base64,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
