##Those Hubei Teachers who give free live lessons to 20 million people

Wechat, renwumag1980

Feature Introduction, the best Chinese character report

An empty alley is a scene in which thousands of people rush to a place, leaving the alley empty and empty. "students from all the provinces of the country gather for live classes, from big cities to villages in the counties below, but the streets are empty. I mean, think about it. What kind of a scene is this. "

Article | Yi Fangxing

Editor | Cho Ming

Huang Jingyu, 25, has not had rice for two weeks.

She has been eating instant noodles these days. Earlier, I soaked two packs a day, but now I don't have enough noodles, so I only eat one pack a day. As one of China's 16 million teachers, she belongs to a relatively small group -- the Harvard practice -- as a lecturer.

The sloppiness of the meal is due to the diversion of energy. Huang spends 15 hours a day preparing for classes, and in recent days she sleeps only 4 hours a day. A native of Wuhan, she was unable to return home this year, worrying about her family and giving lessons to students across the country in a rented house in Beijing. This is a special course for a special time. When the outbreak hit, her school, the homework group, launched a free online course for students nationwide. On the morning of Feb. 10, an unprecedented 20 million students signed up for the program.

Behind the "longest winter break in history" is the huge learning needs of children who are delaying the start of school. Never before has online education become a mainstream form of education as it is today. Even some traditional public schools have turned online, allowing teachers who used to be offline to do so. What used to be a lecture to a student is now a lecture to the air.

When it comes to online education, Huang's homework is professional. They became the ones fighting the epidemic on the other front. After the outbreak, it was the first educational institution determined to offer free online public welfare classes to students across the country. This means that a new curriculum for all grades and disciplines must be developed as soon as possible. It still takes hundreds of teachers'time, energy and enthusiasm to make students feel at home in China, where homework groups have been established for six years and are now the largest online education platform in China.

The teachers are working on it. Huang Jingyu, known to her students as the "whale teacher" , has dropped from 94 pounds to 86 pounds since the beginning of the Lunar New Year.

Photo by Huang Jingyu

Unreachable distance

On Feb. 9, Huang was so happy that she dug out two packets of instant noodles from the bottom of her closet and was able to stay in Beijing for another two days.

It's not that she doesn't want to go out, but she doesn't have a mask. The only 3 masks were bought on a smoggy day a long time ago and have been used up for half a month. On New Year's Day twenty-nine, she had just finished her live Chinese class for winter break and couldn't wait to get home. Hubei people taste heavy, she rubbed a meal, eat a bowl of dry pot fat chang with Rice. Results on the morning of New Year's Eve, she received a notice that homework help was ready to open a free live course for the epidemic areas across the country. She had to refund her ticket home.

The fat sausage meal was the only rice she had eaten in half a month.

Returning the tickets was a difficult decision for Huang. Her father died of uremia last year, according to custom, this year's New Year to his hometown in Wuhan to erect a monument. Meanwhile, her 84-year-old grandfather is bedridden with a heart attack and brain tumor, and she has to go back to visit him. Another reason to go home is that if I don't go back this New Year, my mother will be the only one at home.

For a while, Wuhan became an unreachable distance. She cried when the ticket was refunded.

When the teachers received the notice to return to Beijing, the situation was usually very sudden. Homework Gang's high school language teacher, Luo Feiran, was in Thailand on her honeymoon when she was informed that she was going to have a wedding in May this year. Every teacher who returns to Beijing is required to fill out an online information form, which she fills out from her cell phone while squatting on the streets of Thailand. But she was ready to return, whether she received notice or not. She and her husband are both from Xiangyang, Hubei Province. More and more patients have been diagnosed in her hometown. Her father has to go out on duty every day.

Some of them didn't make it back. Zhang Hua, a high school math teacher, was one of the few teachers who didn't make it back to Beijing. Years ago, when his grandmother died, he rushed back to his hometown village in Shishou city, Jingzhou, Hubei Province. After receiving the notice, he drove from Jingzhou to Beijing on New Year's Eve. He ended up driving to Changsha, Hunan, to catch a plane. The highway was closed and he had to double back.

His first challenge was to find a computer, a clipboard, a fill-in light, and a set of backdrops in the village. The lights and the cloth are fine. The computer's hard to find. Fortunately, he was the top student in Shishou's 2005 national college entrance examination, which brought honor to the village. The village committee decided to lend him its office computer. But the village computer memory is 2g, to run live lessons, at least 6g of memory, he can only be another computer on the memory strip unplugged, plugged into a computer. The village really can not find a handwritten board, can only send from Beijing. During the long days of waiting for a delivery, the live lesson had begun, and he used the most primitive method, pointing his camera at a blank piece of paper and writing with his pen to make a tablet.

On January 24, the 30th of the Lunar New Year, homework for the live broadcast class made the decision to open a free live broadcast class, the departments responded positively, then on January 25, the first online registration entrance, February 3, the formal class. There's only nine days for the teachers to prepare. Rushing back to Beijing is just the first of many hurdles to face before classes begin.

The next challenge is to prepare the lesson.

"never before had so many students been taught. Huang teaches up to 6,000 students at a time, and since the free classes were introduced, her classes now have 300,000 applicants, with each class drawing tens of thousands of online students. She has a master's degree from Central China Normal University and has taught for nearly two years in the homework club, but now, with 300,000 people, she has the same feeling as when she first started teaching, and her palms get sweaty before class.

She has set herself very high standards. She thinks that 300,000 people are 300,000 futures. "If I don't get one question right, those 300,000 people might lose those five points on the test. Homework help requires six times the amount of time to prepare a lesson, which takes four hours to prepare, based on the 40-minute length of a free live lesson. She spent 10 hours preparing for each lesson, preparing for it, recording it and playing it back to see what wasn't good enough.

Self-introduction of the interviewees in class on the Huang Jingyu line

The streets are packed

Teaching tens of thousands is not the same as teaching hundreds of thousands.

An empty alley is a scene in which thousands of people rush to a place, leaving the alley empty and empty. For the homework gang's free-to-air class. "students from every province in the country gather for live classes, from big cities to villages in the counties below, but the streets are empty. I mean, think about it. What kind of a scene is this. "Zhang Hua, the math teacher, said.

The huge number of students brings with it difficult to stratify the problem. Students in different areas are at different levels of development, so the old school model is no longer viable. Zhang Hua was going to talk about the function chapter of high school math, he came up with a way to put all the knowledge points on the textbook do a comprehensive classification, analysis of the function in various cases range. "For students with a weak foundation, they will find that there are not so many kinds of functions, and they will not find it so difficult to learn. For students with a good foundation, they will also find that the functions can be classified in this way, we'll get something out of it. "

Zhang Hua has been teaching for 11 years. Spent the first five years as a teacher at an offline school, and the next six as an online teacher. His understanding of online education is also changing. He used to think that the only good thing about online courses was that they could teach more students at the same time. But now he finds that to get students'attention online, he needs to make the course more interesting and the density of points higher. "In this sense, online education is better than offline education. For example, in this free live lesson, you have to do a good job, or the students will press a home button and play a game. "

Huang Jingyu, a Chinese teacher at a junior high school, is expected to give a "review of key poems in the eighth grade. ". One of them is Du Fu's "Spring Watch, " "Hills and Rivers Remain, the city is green. " . After the An Lushan Rebellion, the city of Chang'an was overgrown with vegetation. To help students remember, she said, people stayed at home to fight the epidemic. In fact, it was already spring outside, and vegetation had begun to grow. "However, unlike the Tang Dynasty, today's times are different. Many people with lofty ideals have rushed to the front line of the fight against the epidemic, so we should also have confidence. "

For the Hubei Teachers of the Homework Gang, this time to the students live class, but also a layer of concern. At midnight on Feb. 6, Luo Feiran, a high school Chinese teacher, was preparing for a live lesson the next day when her cousin in Xiangyang, Hubei Province, sent her three consecutive wechat messages, all with the word "sister. ".

Is preparing a lesson, she put Wechat into mute, did not hear. 20 minutes later, my sister called again, trembling, saying, "Sis, I have a fever, 105. ". "

Xiangyang, the home of Ms Luo, is the province's most affected region, with more than 1,000 confirmed cases. Luo Feiran grew up with his sister, a good relationship, sister has everything to tell her. Just a few days ago, my sister neighborhood next to the building just carried out a suspected patient, just at this time, my sister has a fever.

"My sister is a single mother and has always been strong, and the child is now four years old. "But this time, my sister's voice was trembling, and she got up in the middle of the night and went back and forth in the house looking for her medicine. Beijing side, Luo Feiran is also very anxious, can only comfort sister, it will be fine, it will be fine.

The next morning at 9:00 a.m. , just before the free live lesson, he called his sister again. No one answered. She consoled herself that her sister was still sleeping, suggesting that the fever might be gone, or she might not sleep well all night.

A minute later, rofren began his live lesson. For the next 40 minutes, she would have to forget about her concerns and get back to teaching.

Photo courtesy of Luo Feiran

What's seven days GonNa Change

A few days before the construction of Wuhan's Huoshenshan Hospital, it was perhaps the most worrying moment in the city. Large numbers of patients have no beds and are confined to their homes, increasing the risk of transmission to their families and neighbours.

Huang Jingyu's grandmother is a warm-hearted old man. In Wuhan, the grandmother lived opposite the door of another old man, is suspected sick, there was no bed, is at home isolation. In the evening, the old man had a heart attack. He called his grandmother and asked her to come and see him. Grandma hurried to the door to make sure everything was all right before she left.

Huang worried about her grandmother. "She is suspected. What if she infects you? "? " The grandmother said by telephone, "I have no choice but to be friendly. In turn, grandma comforted Huang and told her not to worry and to do well in class in Beijing.

If there weren't classes to attend, the anxiety passed on from her hometown in Wuhan might have confused Huang even more. There was a time when she would weep at the news of her hometown. In contrast, the long preparation and class, but has become a happy thing.

For her students, Huang canceled vacations to teach classes, but in turn, the students supported her.

She introduced herself to tens of thousands of students before a free live-streaming class, saying, "I am from Wuhan, Hubei Province. " For a while, the message board of the live-streaming software was filled with the words, "Go, teacher. ". She had her grandmother record a message to the kids and show it to them in class. Grandma said, "to protect ourselves is to protect our country. This is a smokeless war. ". "after a few days of class, the whale teacher harvested a batch of fish meal. On the homework help APP, students left her more than 6,000 messages. Students from all over the country, Xuancheng, Shenzhen, Shangqiu..

Seeing student reviews on an APP after each class is perhaps the most important source of achievement for online teachers. Behind the different comments are the different personalities of the students. On February 9, after the last class of Huang's week-long live-streaming class, some students were more lyrical. They wrote, "today is the last class of winter vacation. I miss the Spring Wind, the summer rain and the fall leaves very much, winter Snow, more nostalgia and whale sister happy time. " Some students put out the passion of Star, "super like whale sister, whale sister is a very powerful academic bully, but also a super pet fan. "

The encouragement from the students is also warming the teachers. Even after 15 years of teaching high school math and hearing the affirmation of many students, you will still be moved by the encouragement of strangers.

Under the epidemic, many students are the first contact with the homework gang, some of the first time to listen to a live lecture. Even though teachers typically teach for a short period of time in a week, students can still make a difference in that short span of seven days.

Zhang Hua's chapter on February 6, "exploring vertical relationships in space. " . A student who was annoyed by seeing mathematics before left a message saying, "it's just that time is too short, brother Wah hasn't got to know me yet. You have a little influence on my view of mathematics. From seeing it before, I was annoyed, and now I have to sit through a whole class. For me, really Great Progress, you let me feel the sweetness of mathematics, because when a page of exercises have their own will do, it is not crush the happiness of others, but conquer their own pride, thank you! I am so happy to meet you! "

Photo courtesy of Zhang Hua's live class environment

Every class is a masterpiece

Before joining the homework gang and becoming a live-streaming teacher, Huang was overwhelmed with frustration.

My father had kidney failure when she was four, which led to uremia. It was 20 years ago, because the family is poor, the father can not afford 800 yuan a dialysis costs, in the grandmother's support, Full Wuhan find a hospital, finally found a small hospital, dialysis 400 yuan.

With the help of good Samaritans, my father finally found a kidney and raised the cost of a new one. It can be said that it was because of the goodwill of the people that Huang's father had the opportunity to accompany her for another 20 years.

"But I was such a child. "She felt that the family was always reluctant to spend money, would not even buy her an ice-cream, and that her father did not earn money like others. She was the only girl in elementary school who didn't have a dress of her own. On the day of her elementary school graduation, she longed for a pink Princess Dress, but her mother wouldn't buy it for her.

She remembered very well that the dress was fifty dollars, and she had seen it many times in secret. In the end, Dad bought it for her.

Later, she failed the entrance examination, failed to enter the best high school, extremely depressed. For the first time, my father told her about the kidney transplant. In her old memory, her father was frugal, working in a quality control office, and an ordinary clerk looking for a drop in the bucket. That day, her father talked about the pain and difficulty of the kidney transplant. He told her, "don't be afraid of anything. It's useless to be sad, because there may be more difficult things to come. The most important thing is to have a positive attitude. ". "

But on the day of her father's death, she was too busy working on her thesis to see him one last time. She still remembers the last time she saw her father. It was the last meal the family had in the hospital room. They had shredded pork and green peppers, "I never thought I'd get to have dinner with my daughter again. "

A week later, my father was gone.

Why didn't I spend more time with my father when he was here? She fell into a state of self-denial and guilt. It wasn't until she graduated that she became a teacher and her mood changed. She set strict demands on herself and felt a long-lost sense of accomplishment in her teaching. This little sense of accomplishment makes me feel like I haven't failed at life yet. "

That's why, for days now, even if she doesn't go out, and only eats instant noodles once a day, she still has to get her lessons ready. Because her father once told her, "don't be afraid of anything, " and, "give back to society. ".

In fact, in the large group of homework help, every teacher has his own story. They have lived different lives, but they share the same passion for education.

Yang Yong, a high school Chinese teacher, is the founder of the homework gang's Chinese system. Born in 1979, he was one of the company's ten oldest teachers. He had been teaching in public schools for 15 years.

Attending Public School is an experience where you can see your 60s when you're 20. He quit his job, joined the homework gang, and began to think again about how to make the new era of education more suitable for students. At the age of 40, he has the shortest sleep time in the company. Take this free live class, he prepared every night to two or three o'clock, six or seven o'clock in the morning to get up.

"There are a lot of young people in this company right now, and if I don't work hard, I'm going to be eliminated. To build a new model from scratch means constantly overthrowing and rebuilding. What kept him going was his passion for education.

Students interact with Yang Yong

This assignment helped me make the decision to do a live lesson for students in the epidemic area. Several teachers in the teaching and Research Group agreed, "If you want to do it, you must do it for free. ". "

It's more of an obsession. "maybe if you paid me three times as much, I wouldn't leave homework. Zhang Hua, a high school math teacher, always believed in the concept of homework help, "making every class a masterpiece. " . He felt that this was the attitude that an education company should have, and that it was his first intention. He founded the "fast math" brand and is the person in charge of the entire high school math class for homework streaming.

On New Year's Eve, he was responsible for calling the teachers one by one, urging them to return to Beijing early.

He's under psychological pressure to make these calls. In his view, it is not easy for teachers to give up their family reunion and return to Beijing early for classes.

He made 24 phone calls that day, and none of the teachers refused or flinched.

Haven't you seen enough?
LONG-PRESS QR code to follow "people" on Wechat
There's more where that came from

Article | Yi Fangxing

Editor | Cho Ming

Article | Yi Fangxing

Editor | Cho Ming

Huang Jingyu, 25, has not had rice for two weeks.

She has been eating instant noodles these days. Earlier, I soaked two packs a day, but now I don't have enough noodles, so I only eat one pack a day. As one of China's 16 million teachers, she belongs to a relatively small group -- the Harvard practice -- as a lecturer.

The sloppiness of the meal is due to the diversion of energy. Huang spends 15 hours a day preparing for classes, and in recent days she sleeps only 4 hours a day. A native of Wuhan, she was unable to return home this year, worrying about her family and giving lessons to students across the country in a rented house in Beijing. This is a special course for a special time. When the outbreak hit, her school, the homework group, launched a free online course for students nationwide. On the morning of Feb. 10, an unprecedented 20 million students signed up for the program.

Behind the "longest winter break in history" is the huge learning needs of children who are delaying the start of school. Never before has online education become a mainstream form of education as it is today. Even some traditional public schools have turned online, allowing teachers who used to be offline to do so. What used to be a lecture to a student is now a lecture to the air.

When it comes to online education, Huang's homework is professional. They became the ones fighting the epidemic on the other front. After the outbreak, it was the first educational institution determined to offer free online public welfare classes to students across the country. This means that a new curriculum for all grades and disciplines must be developed as soon as possible. It still takes hundreds of teachers'time, energy and enthusiasm to make students feel at home in China, where homework groups have been established for six years and are now the largest online education platform in China.

The teachers are working on it. Huang Jingyu, known to her students as the "whale teacher" , has dropped from 94 pounds to 86 pounds since the beginning of the Lunar New Year.

Photo by Huang Jingyu

Huang Jingyu, 25, has not had rice for two weeks.

She has been eating instant noodles these days. Earlier, I soaked two packs a day, but now I don't have enough noodles, so I only eat one pack a day. As one of China's 16 million teachers, she belongs to a relatively small group -- the Harvard practice -- as a lecturer.

The sloppiness of the meal is due to the diversion of energy. Huang spends 15 hours a day preparing for classes, and in recent days she sleeps only 4 hours a day. A native of Wuhan, she was unable to return home this year, worrying about her family and giving lessons to students across the country in a rented house in Beijing. This is a special course for a special time. When the outbreak hit, her school, the homework group, launched a free online course for students nationwide. On the morning of Feb. 10, an unprecedented 20 million students signed up for the program.

Behind the "longest winter break in history" is the huge learning needs of children who are delaying the start of school. Never before has online education become a mainstream form of education as it is today. Even some traditional public schools have turned online, allowing teachers who used to be offline to do so. What used to be a lecture to a student is now a lecture to the air.

When it comes to online education, Huang's homework is professional. They became the ones fighting the epidemic on the other front. After the outbreak, it was the first educational institution determined to offer free online public welfare classes to students across the country. This means that a new curriculum for all grades and disciplines must be developed as soon as possible. It still takes hundreds of teachers'time, energy and enthusiasm to make students feel at home in China, where homework groups have been established for six years and are now the largest online education platform in China.

The teachers are working on it. Huang Jingyu, known to her students as the "whale teacher" , has dropped from 94 pounds to 86 pounds since the beginning of the Lunar New Year.

Photo by Huang Jingyu

Unreachable distance

On Feb. 9, Huang was so happy that she dug out two packets of instant noodles from the bottom of her closet and was able to stay in Beijing for another two days.

It's not that she doesn't want to go out, but she doesn't have a mask. The only 3 masks were bought on a smoggy day a long time ago and have been used up for half a month. On New Year's Day twenty-nine, she had just finished her live Chinese class for winter break and couldn't wait to get home. Hubei people taste heavy, she rubbed a meal, eat a bowl of dry pot fat chang with Rice. Results on the morning of New Year's Eve, she received a notice that homework help was ready to open a free live course for the epidemic areas across the country. She had to refund her ticket home.

The fat sausage meal was the only rice she had eaten in half a month.

Returning the tickets was a difficult decision for Huang. Her father died of uremia last year, according to custom, this year's New Year to his hometown in Wuhan to erect a monument. Meanwhile, her 84-year-old grandfather is bedridden with a heart attack and brain tumor, and she has to go back to visit him. Another reason to go home is that if I don't go back this New Year, my mother will be the only one at home.

For a while, Wuhan became an unreachable distance. She cried when the ticket was refunded.

When the teachers received the notice to return to Beijing, the situation was usually very sudden. Homework Gang's high school language teacher, Luo Feiran, was in Thailand on her honeymoon when she was informed that she was going to have a wedding in May this year. Every teacher who returns to Beijing is required to fill out an online information form, which she fills out from her cell phone while squatting on the streets of Thailand. But she was ready to return, whether she received notice or not. She and her husband are both from Xiangyang, Hubei Province. More and more patients have been diagnosed in her hometown. Her father has to go out on duty every day.

Some of them didn't make it back. Zhang Hua, a high school math teacher, was one of the few teachers who didn't make it back to Beijing. Years ago, when his grandmother died, he rushed back to his hometown village in Shishou city, Jingzhou, Hubei Province. After receiving the notice, he drove from Jingzhou to Beijing on New Year's Eve. He ended up driving to Changsha, Hunan, to catch a plane. The highway was closed and he had to double back.

His first challenge was to find a computer, a clipboard, a fill-in light, and a set of backdrops in the village. The lights and the cloth are fine. The computer's hard to find. Fortunately, he was the top student in Shishou's 2005 national college entrance examination, which brought honor to the village. The village committee decided to lend him its office computer. But the village computer memory is 2g, to run live lessons, at least 6g of memory, he can only be another computer on the memory strip unplugged, plugged into a computer. The village really can not find a handwritten board, can only send from Beijing. During the long days of waiting for a delivery, the live lesson had begun, and he used the most primitive method, pointing his camera at a blank piece of paper and writing with his pen to make a tablet.

On January 24, the 30th of the Lunar New Year, homework for the live broadcast class made the decision to open a free live broadcast class, the departments responded positively, then on January 25, the first online registration entrance, February 3, the formal class. There's only nine days for the teachers to prepare. Rushing back to Beijing is just the first of many hurdles to face before classes begin.

The next challenge is to prepare the lesson.

"never before had so many students been taught. Huang teaches up to 6,000 students at a time, and since the free classes were introduced, her classes now have 300,000 applicants, with each class drawing tens of thousands of online students. She has a master's degree from Central China Normal University and has taught for nearly two years in the homework club, but now, with 300,000 people, she has the same feeling as when she first started teaching, and her palms get sweaty before class.

She has set herself very high standards. She thinks that 300,000 people are 300,000 futures. "If I don't get one question right, those 300,000 people might lose those five points on the test. Homework help requires six times the amount of time to prepare a lesson, which takes four hours to prepare, based on the 40-minute length of a free live lesson. She spent 10 hours preparing for each lesson, preparing for it, recording it and playing it back to see what wasn't good enough.

Self-introduction of the interviewees in class on the Huang Jingyu line

On Feb. 9, Huang was so happy that she dug out two packets of instant noodles from the bottom of her closet and was able to stay in Beijing for another two days.

It's not that she doesn't want to go out, but she doesn't have a mask. The only 3 masks were bought on a smoggy day a long time ago and have been used up for half a month. On New Year's Day twenty-nine, she had just finished her live Chinese class for winter break and couldn't wait to get home. Hubei people taste heavy, she rubbed a meal, eat a bowl of dry pot fat chang with Rice. Results on the morning of New Year's Eve, she received a notice that homework help was ready to open a free live course for the epidemic areas across the country. She had to refund her ticket home.

The fat sausage meal was the only rice she had eaten in half a month.

Returning the tickets was a difficult decision for Huang. Her father died of uremia last year, according to custom, this year's New Year to his hometown in Wuhan to erect a monument. Meanwhile, her 84-year-old grandfather is bedridden with a heart attack and brain tumor, and she has to go back to visit him. Another reason to go home is that if I don't go back this New Year, my mother will be the only one at home.

For a while, Wuhan became an unreachable distance. She cried when the ticket was refunded.

When the teachers received the notice to return to Beijing, the situation was usually very sudden. Homework Gang's high school language teacher, Luo Feiran, was in Thailand on her honeymoon when she was informed that she was going to have a wedding in May this year. Every teacher who returns to Beijing is required to fill out an online information form, which she fills out from her cell phone while squatting on the streets of Thailand. But she was ready to return, whether she received notice or not. She and her husband are both from Xiangyang, Hubei Province. More and more patients have been diagnosed in her hometown. Her father has to go out on duty every day.

Some of them didn't make it back. Zhang Hua, a high school math teacher, was one of the few teachers who didn't make it back to Beijing. Years ago, when his grandmother died, he rushed back to his hometown village in Shishou city, Jingzhou, Hubei Province. After receiving the notice, he drove from Jingzhou to Beijing on New Year's Eve. He ended up driving to Changsha, Hunan, to catch a plane. The highway was closed and he had to double back.

His first challenge was to find a computer, a clipboard, a fill-in light, and a set of backdrops in the village. The lights and the cloth are fine. The computer's hard to find. Fortunately, he was the top student in Shishou's 2005 national college entrance examination, which brought honor to the village. The village committee decided to lend him its office computer. But the village computer memory is 2g, to run live lessons, at least 6g of memory, he can only be another computer on the memory strip unplugged, plugged into a computer. The village really can not find a handwritten board, can only send from Beijing. During the long days of waiting for a delivery, the live lesson had begun, and he used the most primitive method, pointing his camera at a blank piece of paper and writing with his pen to make a tablet.

On January 24, the 30th of the Lunar New Year, homework for the live broadcast class made the decision to open a free live broadcast class, the departments responded positively, then on January 25, the first online registration entrance, February 3, the formal class. There's only nine days for the teachers to prepare. Rushing back to Beijing is just the first of many hurdles to face before classes begin.

The next challenge is to prepare the lesson.

"never before had so many students been taught. Huang teaches up to 6,000 students at a time, and since the free classes were introduced, her classes now have 300,000 applicants, with each class drawing tens of thousands of online students. She has a master's degree from Central China Normal University and has taught for nearly two years in the homework club, but now, with 300,000 people, she has the same feeling as when she first started teaching, and her palms get sweaty before class.

She has set herself very high standards. She thinks that 300,000 people are 300,000 futures. "If I don't get one question right, those 300,000 people might lose those five points on the test. Homework help requires six times the amount of time to prepare a lesson, which takes four hours to prepare, based on the 40-minute length of a free live lesson. She spent 10 hours preparing for each lesson, preparing for it, recording it and playing it back to see what wasn't good enough.

Self-introduction of the interviewees in class on the Huang Jingyu line

The streets are packed

Teaching tens of thousands is not the same as teaching hundreds of thousands.

An empty alley is a scene in which thousands of people rush to a place, leaving the alley empty and empty. For the homework gang's free-to-air class. "students from every province in the country gather for live classes, from big cities to villages in the counties below, but the streets are empty. I mean, think about it. What kind of a scene is this. "Zhang Hua, the math teacher, said.

The huge number of students brings with it difficult to stratify the problem. Students in different areas are at different levels of development, so the old school model is no longer viable. Zhang Hua was going to talk about the function chapter of high school math, he came up with a way to put all the knowledge points on the textbook do a comprehensive classification, analysis of the function in various cases range. "For students with a weak foundation, they will find that there are not so many kinds of functions, and they will not find it so difficult to learn. For students with a good foundation, they will also find that the functions can be classified in this way, we'll get something out of it. "

Zhang Hua has been teaching for 11 years. Spent the first five years as a teacher at an offline school, and the next six as an online teacher. His understanding of online education is also changing. He used to think that the only good thing about online courses was that they could teach more students at the same time. But now he finds that to get students'attention online, he needs to make the course more interesting and the density of points higher. "In this sense, online education is better than offline education. For example, in this free live lesson, you have to do a good job, or the students will press a home button and play a game. "

Huang Jingyu, a Chinese teacher at a junior high school, is expected to give a "review of key poems in the eighth grade. ". One of them is Du Fu's "Spring Watch, " "Hills and Rivers Remain, the city is green. " . After the An Lushan Rebellion, the city of Chang'an was overgrown with vegetation. To help students remember, she said, people stayed at home to fight the epidemic. In fact, it was already spring outside, and vegetation had begun to grow. "However, unlike the Tang Dynasty, today's times are different. Many people with lofty ideals have rushed to the front line of the fight against the epidemic, so we should also have confidence. "

For the Hubei Teachers of the Homework Gang, this time to the students live class, but also a layer of concern. At midnight on Feb. 6, Luo Feiran, a high school Chinese teacher, was preparing for a live lesson the next day when her cousin in Xiangyang, Hubei Province, sent her three consecutive wechat messages, all with the word "sister. ".

Is preparing a lesson, she put Wechat into mute, did not hear. 20 minutes later, my sister called again, trembling, saying, "Sis, I have a fever, 105. ". "

Xiangyang, the home of Ms Luo, is the province's most affected region, with more than 1,000 confirmed cases. Luo Feiran grew up with his sister, a good relationship, sister has everything to tell her. Just a few days ago, my sister neighborhood next to the building just carried out a suspected patient, just at this time, my sister has a fever.

"My sister is a single mother and has always been strong, and the child is now four years old. "But this time, my sister's voice was trembling, and she got up in the middle of the night and went back and forth in the house looking for her medicine. Beijing side, Luo Feiran is also very anxious, can only comfort sister, it will be fine, it will be fine.

The next morning at 9:00 a.m. , just before the free live lesson, he called his sister again. No one answered. She consoled herself that her sister was still sleeping, suggesting that the fever might be gone, or she might not sleep well all night.

A minute later, rofren began his live lesson. For the next 40 minutes, she would have to forget about her concerns and get back to teaching.

Photo courtesy of Luo Feiran

Teaching tens of thousands is not the same as teaching hundreds of thousands.

An empty alley is a scene in which thousands of people rush to a place, leaving the alley empty and empty. For the homework gang's free-to-air class. "students from every province in the country gather for live classes, from big cities to villages in the counties below, but the streets are empty. I mean, think about it. What kind of a scene is this. "Zhang Hua, the math teacher, said.

The huge number of students brings with it difficult to stratify the problem. Students in different areas are at different levels of development, so the old school model is no longer viable. Zhang Hua was going to talk about the function chapter of high school math, he came up with a way to put all the knowledge points on the textbook do a comprehensive classification, analysis of the function in various cases range. "For students with a weak foundation, they will find that there are not so many kinds of functions, and they will not find it so difficult to learn. For students with a good foundation, they will also find that the functions can be classified in this way, we'll get something out of it. "

Zhang Hua has been teaching for 11 years. Spent the first five years as a teacher at an offline school, and the next six as an online teacher. His understanding of online education is also changing. He used to think that the only good thing about online courses was that they could teach more students at the same time. But now he finds that to get students'attention online, he needs to make the course more interesting and the density of points higher. "In this sense, online education is better than offline education. For example, in this free live lesson, you have to do a good job, or the students will press a home button and play a game. "

Huang Jingyu, a Chinese teacher at a junior high school, is expected to give a "review of key poems in the eighth grade. ". One of them is Du Fu's "Spring Watch, " "Hills and Rivers Remain, the city is green. " . After the An Lushan Rebellion, the city of Chang'an was overgrown with vegetation. To help students remember, she said, people stayed at home to fight the epidemic. In fact, it was already spring outside, and vegetation had begun to grow. "However, unlike the Tang Dynasty, today's times are different. Many people with lofty ideals have rushed to the front line of the fight against the epidemic, so we should also have confidence. "

For the Hubei Teachers of the Homework Gang, this time to the students live class, but also a layer of concern. At midnight on Feb. 6, Luo Feiran, a high school Chinese teacher, was preparing for a live lesson the next day when her cousin in Xiangyang, Hubei Province, sent her three consecutive wechat messages, all with the word "sister. ".

Is preparing a lesson, she put Wechat into mute, did not hear. 20 minutes later, my sister called again, trembling, saying, "Sis, I have a fever, 105. ". "

Xiangyang, the home of Ms Luo, is the province's most affected region, with more than 1,000 confirmed cases. Luo Feiran grew up with his sister, a good relationship, sister has everything to tell her. Just a few days ago, my sister neighborhood next to the building just carried out a suspected patient, just at this time, my sister has a fever.

"My sister is a single mother and has always been strong, and the child is now four years old. "But this time, my sister's voice was trembling, and she got up in the middle of the night and went back and forth in the house looking for her medicine. Beijing side, Luo Feiran is also very anxious, can only comfort sister, it will be fine, it will be fine.

The next morning at 9:00 a.m. , just before the free live lesson, he called his sister again. No one answered. She consoled herself that her sister was still sleeping, suggesting that the fever might be gone, or she might not sleep well all night.

A minute later, rofren began his live lesson. For the next 40 minutes, she would have to forget about her concerns and get back to teaching.

Photo courtesy of Luo Feiran

What's seven days GonNa Change

A few days before the construction of Wuhan's Huoshenshan Hospital, it was perhaps the most worrying moment in the city. Large numbers of patients have no beds and are confined to their homes, increasing the risk of transmission to their families and neighbours.

Huang Jingyu's grandmother is a warm-hearted old man. In Wuhan, the grandmother lived opposite the door of another old man, is suspected sick, there was no bed, is at home isolation. In the evening, the old man had a heart attack. He called his grandmother and asked her to come and see him. Grandma hurried to the door to make sure everything was all right before she left.

Huang worried about her grandmother. "She is suspected. What if she infects you? "? " The grandmother said by telephone, "I have no choice but to be friendly. In turn, grandma comforted Huang and told her not to worry and to do well in class in Beijing.

If there weren't classes to attend, the anxiety passed on from her hometown in Wuhan might have confused Huang even more. There was a time when she would weep at the news of her hometown. In contrast, the long preparation and class, but has become a happy thing.

For her students, Huang canceled vacations to teach classes, but in turn, the students supported her.

She introduced herself to tens of thousands of students before a free live-streaming class, saying, "I am from Wuhan, Hubei Province. " For a while, the message board of the live-streaming software was filled with the words, "Go, teacher. ". She had her grandmother record a message to the kids and show it to them in class. Grandma said, "to protect ourselves is to protect our country. This is a smokeless war. ". "after a few days of class, the whale teacher harvested a batch of fish meal. On the homework help APP, students left her more than 6,000 messages. Students from all over the country, Xuancheng, Shenzhen, Shangqiu..

Seeing student reviews on an APP after each class is perhaps the most important source of achievement for online teachers. Behind the different comments are the different personalities of the students. On February 9, after the last class of Huang's week-long live-streaming class, some students were more lyrical. They wrote, "today is the last class of winter vacation. I miss the Spring Wind, the summer rain and the fall leaves very much, winter Snow, more nostalgia and whale sister happy time. " Some students put out the passion of Star, "super like whale sister, whale sister is a very powerful academic bully, but also a super pet fan. "

The encouragement from the students is also warming the teachers. Even after 15 years of teaching high school math and hearing the affirmation of many students, you will still be moved by the encouragement of strangers.

Under the epidemic, many students are the first contact with the homework gang, some of the first time to listen to a live lecture. Even though teachers typically teach for a short period of time in a week, students can still make a difference in that short span of seven days.

Zhang Hua's chapter on February 6, "exploring vertical relationships in space. " . A student who was annoyed by seeing mathematics before left a message saying, "it's just that time is too short, brother Wah hasn't got to know me yet. You have a little influence on my view of mathematics. From seeing it before, I was annoyed, and now I have to sit through a whole class. For me, really Great Progress, you let me feel the sweetness of mathematics, because when a page of exercises have their own will do, it is not crush the happiness of others, but conquer their own pride, thank you! I am so happy to meet you! "

Photo courtesy of Zhang Hua's live class environment

A few days before the construction of Wuhan's Huoshenshan Hospital, it was perhaps the most worrying moment in the city. Large numbers of patients have no beds and are confined to their homes, increasing the risk of transmission to their families and neighbours.

Huang Jingyu's grandmother is a warm-hearted old man. In Wuhan, the grandmother lived opposite the door of another old man, is suspected sick, there was no bed, is at home isolation. In the evening, the old man had a heart attack. He called his grandmother and asked her to come and see him. Grandma hurried to the door to make sure everything was all right before she left.

Huang worried about her grandmother. "She is suspected. What if she infects you? "? " The grandmother said by telephone, "I have no choice but to be friendly. In turn, grandma comforted Huang and told her not to worry and to do well in class in Beijing.

If there weren't classes to attend, the anxiety passed on from her hometown in Wuhan might have confused Huang even more. There was a time when she would weep at the news of her hometown. In contrast, the long preparation and class, but has become a happy thing.

For her students, Huang canceled vacations to teach classes, but in turn, the students supported her.

She introduced herself to tens of thousands of students before a free live-streaming class, saying, "I am from Wuhan, Hubei Province. " For a while, the message board of the live-streaming software was filled with the words, "Go, teacher. ". She had her grandmother record a message to the kids and show it to them in class. Grandma said, "to protect ourselves is to protect our country. This is a smokeless war. ". "after a few days of class, the whale teacher harvested a batch of fish meal. On the homework help APP, students left her more than 6,000 messages. Students from all over the country, Xuancheng, Shenzhen, Shangqiu..

Seeing student reviews on an APP after each class is perhaps the most important source of achievement for online teachers. Behind the different comments are the different personalities of the students. On February 9, after the last class of Huang's week-long live-streaming class, some students were more lyrical. They wrote, "today is the last class of winter vacation. I miss the Spring Wind, the summer rain and the fall leaves very much, winter Snow, more nostalgia and whale sister happy time. " Some students put out the passion of Star, "super like whale sister, whale sister is a very powerful academic bully, but also a super pet fan. "

The encouragement from the students is also warming the teachers. Even after 15 years of teaching high school math and hearing the affirmation of many students, you will still be moved by the encouragement of strangers.

Under the epidemic, many students are the first contact with the homework gang, some of the first time to listen to a live lecture. Even though teachers typically teach for a short period of time in a week, students can still make a difference in that short span of seven days.

Zhang Hua's chapter on February 6, "exploring vertical relationships in space. " . A student who was annoyed by seeing mathematics before left a message saying, "it's just that time is too short, brother Wah hasn't got to know me yet. You have a little influence on my view of mathematics. From seeing it before, I was annoyed, and now I have to sit through a whole class. For me, really Great Progress, you let me feel the sweetness of mathematics, because when a page of exercises have their own will do, it is not crush the happiness of others, but conquer their own pride, thank you! I am so happy to meet you! "

Photo courtesy of Zhang Hua's live class environment

Every class is a masterpiece

Before joining the homework gang and becoming a live-streaming teacher, Huang was overwhelmed with frustration.

My father had kidney failure when she was four, which led to uremia. It was 20 years ago, because the family is poor, the father can not afford 800 yuan a dialysis costs, in the grandmother's support, Full Wuhan find a hospital, finally found a small hospital, dialysis 400 yuan.

With the help of good Samaritans, my father finally found a kidney and raised the cost of a new one. It can be said that it was because of the goodwill of the people that Huang's father had the opportunity to accompany her for another 20 years.

"But I was such a child. "She felt that the family was always reluctant to spend money, would not even buy her an ice-cream, and that her father did not earn money like others. She was the only girl in elementary school who didn't have a dress of her own. On the day of her elementary school graduation, she longed for a pink Princess Dress, but her mother wouldn't buy it for her.

She remembered very well that the dress was fifty dollars, and she had seen it many times in secret. In the end, Dad bought it for her.

Later, she failed the entrance examination, failed to enter the best high school, extremely depressed. For the first time, my father told her about the kidney transplant. In her old memory, her father was frugal, working in a quality control office, and an ordinary clerk looking for a drop in the bucket. That day, her father talked about the pain and difficulty of the kidney transplant. He told her, "don't be afraid of anything. It's useless to be sad, because there may be more difficult things to come. The most important thing is to have a positive attitude. ". "

But on the day of her father's death, she was too busy working on her thesis to see him one last time. She still remembers the last time she saw her father. It was the last meal the family had in the hospital room. They had shredded pork and green peppers, "I never thought I'd get to have dinner with my daughter again. "

A week later, my father was gone.

Why didn't I spend more time with my father when he was here? She fell into a state of self-denial and guilt. It wasn't until she graduated that she became a teacher and her mood changed. She set strict demands on herself and felt a long-lost sense of accomplishment in her teaching. This little sense of accomplishment makes me feel like I haven't failed at life yet. "

That's why, for days now, even if she doesn't go out, and only eats instant noodles once a day, she still has to get her lessons ready. Because her father once told her, "don't be afraid of anything, " and, "give back to society. ".

In fact, in the large group of homework help, every teacher has his own story. They have lived different lives, but they share the same passion for education.

Yang Yong, a high school Chinese teacher, is the founder of the homework gang's Chinese system. Born in 1979, he was one of the company's ten oldest teachers. He had been teaching in public schools for 15 years.

Attending Public School is an experience where you can see your 60s when you're 20. He quit his job, joined the homework gang, and began to think again about how to make the new era of education more suitable for students. At the age of 40, he has the shortest sleep time in the company. Take this free live class, he prepared every night to two or three o'clock, six or seven o'clock in the morning to get up.

"There are a lot of young people in this company right now, and if I don't work hard, I'm going to be eliminated. To build a new model from scratch means constantly overthrowing and rebuilding. What kept him going was his passion for education.

Students interact with Yang Yong

This assignment helped me make the decision to do a live lesson for students in the epidemic area. Several teachers in the teaching and Research Group agreed, "If you want to do it, you must do it for free. ". "

It's more of an obsession. "maybe if you paid me three times as much, I wouldn't leave homework. Zhang Hua, a high school math teacher, always believed in the concept of homework help, "making every class a masterpiece. " . He felt that this was the attitude that an education company should have, and that it was his first intention. He founded the "fast math" brand and is the person in charge of the entire high school math class for homework streaming.

On New Year's Eve, he was responsible for calling the teachers one by one, urging them to return to Beijing early.

He's under psychological pressure to make these calls. In his view, it is not easy for teachers to give up their family reunion and return to Beijing early for classes.

He made 24 phone calls that day, and none of the teachers refused or flinched.

Haven't you seen enough?
LONG-PRESS QR code to follow "people" on Wechat
There's more where that came from

Before joining the homework gang and becoming a live-streaming teacher, Huang was overwhelmed with frustration.

My father had kidney failure when she was four, which led to uremia. It was 20 years ago, because the family is poor, the father can not afford 800 yuan a dialysis costs, in the grandmother's support, Full Wuhan find a hospital, finally found a small hospital, dialysis 400 yuan.

With the help of good Samaritans, my father finally found a kidney and raised the cost of a new one. It can be said that it was because of the goodwill of the people that Huang's father had the opportunity to accompany her for another 20 years.

"But I was such a child. "She felt that the family was always reluctant to spend money, would not even buy her an ice-cream, and that her father did not earn money like others. She was the only girl in elementary school who didn't have a dress of her own. On the day of her elementary school graduation, she longed for a pink Princess Dress, but her mother wouldn't buy it for her.

She remembered very well that the dress was fifty dollars, and she had seen it many times in secret. In the end, Dad bought it for her.

Later, she failed the entrance examination, failed to enter the best high school, extremely depressed. For the first time, my father told her about the kidney transplant. In her old memory, her father was frugal, working in a quality control office, and an ordinary clerk looking for a drop in the bucket. That day, her father talked about the pain and difficulty of the kidney transplant. He told her, "don't be afraid of anything. It's useless to be sad, because there may be more difficult things to come. The most important thing is to have a positive attitude. ". "

But on the day of her father's death, she was too busy working on her thesis to see him one last time. She still remembers the last time she saw her father. It was the last meal the family had in the hospital room. They had shredded pork and green peppers, "I never thought I'd get to have dinner with my daughter again. "

A week later, my father was gone.

Why didn't I spend more time with my father when he was here? She fell into a state of self-denial and guilt. It wasn't until she graduated that she became a teacher and her mood changed. She set strict demands on herself and felt a long-lost sense of accomplishment in her teaching. This little sense of accomplishment makes me feel like I haven't failed at life yet. "

That's why, for days now, even if she doesn't go out, and only eats instant noodles once a day, she still has to get her lessons ready. Because her father once told her, "don't be afraid of anything, " and, "give back to society. ".

In fact, in the large group of homework help, every teacher has his own story. They have lived different lives, but they share the same passion for education.

Yang Yong, a high school Chinese teacher, is the founder of the homework gang's Chinese system. Born in 1979, he was one of the company's ten oldest teachers. He had been teaching in public schools for 15 years.

Attending Public School is an experience where you can see your 60s when you're 20. He quit his job, joined the homework gang, and began to think again about how to make the new era of education more suitable for students. At the age of 40, he has the shortest sleep time in the company. Take this free live class, he prepared every night to two or three o'clock, six or seven o'clock in the morning to get up.

"There are a lot of young people in this company right now, and if I don't work hard, I'm going to be eliminated. To build a new model from scratch means constantly overthrowing and rebuilding. What kept him going was his passion for education.

Students interact with Yang Yong

This assignment helped me make the decision to do a live lesson for students in the epidemic area. Several teachers in the teaching and Research Group agreed, "If you want to do it, you must do it for free. ". "

It's more of an obsession. "maybe if you paid me three times as much, I wouldn't leave homework. Zhang Hua, a high school math teacher, always believed in the concept of homework help, "making every class a masterpiece. " . He felt that this was the attitude that an education company should have, and that it was his first intention. He founded the "fast math" brand and is the person in charge of the entire high school math class for homework streaming.

On New Year's Eve, he was responsible for calling the teachers one by one, urging them to return to Beijing early.

He's under psychological pressure to make these calls. In his view, it is not easy for teachers to give up their family reunion and return to Beijing early for classes.

He made 24 phone calls that day, and none of the teachers refused or flinched.

Haven't you seen enough?

LONG-PRESS QR code to follow "people" on Wechat

There's more where that came from

WECHAT SWEEPS UP Praise for author

####Send it to the author

People Admire

Long-press the QR code to transfer the funds to me

Under apple's new rules, wechat's iOS version of the APP has been turned off to support public accounts through Qr code transfers.

Go to "discover"-"take a look" browse "friends watching"

Sent

####Send it to take a look

Sending

A scan of wechat
Pay attention to the account


-------------
title: Those Hubei Teachers who give free live lessons to 20 million people
source: ren-wu-/-mei-ri-ren-wu
authors: _
editors: _
proofreader: _
photographer: _
translator: _
via: https://github.com/2019ncovmemory/nCovMemory
link: https://mp.weixin.qq.com/s/UquTiFZJA1XH_-wCoGcO3Q
archive: http://archive.is/VOICk
snapshot: https://github.com/2019ncovmemory/nCovMemory/blob/master/archive/jpg/789.jpg
lead: Forget about the people and things you care about and get into class.
cover: data:image/jpeg;base64,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
