##A 14-day quarantine diary of a teacher in Wuhan

Wechat, renwumag1980

Feature Introduction, the best Chinese character report

"In 2017, I was sent to the State University of New York at Oswego for a teaching and training program, which coincided with a state-wide writing workshop at the university. "think about your worst-kept secret and write about it, " an author said in an impressive workshop. "I certainly don't have any 'skeletons in the closet' , but you may see in my records below the panic and embarrassment of an individual in the face of the so-called 'Wuhan Pneumonia' which has brought social suffering and personal hardship, to see my failure, my dissonance, my dissonance. I'm not making any promises, but I hope I'm at least honest. "

By Kam lai-wah

Day 1 of separation from home and homeself

Rain and fog on January 22

In fact, as early as January 20, I decided to return home to Jiangxi.

From January 13 to 19, I attended a workshop on Gender and media in Hong Kong and the 13th CUHK visiting Scholar Programme on communication. After arriving at CUHK, the organizer told us that this year's workshop received more than 130 papers, the most competitive level in many years. I treasure this opportunity and my week in Hong Kong has been more rewarding than I expected.

On January 19, I returned to Wuhan at around 8 pm. My husband and the children are going to welcome me. We're going out to dinner. The child wants to go to the restaurant of the mall, my husband and I tell him the mall is crowded, still go to the restaurant of few people nearby. In fact, it was still a quiet day in Wuhan, where the Baibu pavilion community was still hosting a family dinner, and people in Wuhan did not know that the COVID-19 would be passed on from person to person. But on the way to Hong Kong and back to Wuhan, I wore a mask the whole way; on the evening of the 19th, when I came home from dinner, I took a shower and put all my clothes on the balcony, and the next day I added disinfectant for cleaning. Now that I think about it, it may be an instinctive caution.

On January 20th, I stayed at home for a day and didn't go out. During my time at CUHK, a senior Hong Kong journalist who was also a member of the workshop sat down with me (I wonder if she was worried that I had brought the virus?) . She was concerned about pneumonia of unknown cause, and share some information with us. In the evening, Zhong Nanshan, the head of a High Level Panel of experts from the Covid-19, made it clear on a CCTV link that it was now certain that the pneumonia had been transmitted from person to person. Seeing this, and thinking of all the messages I had heard in Hong Kong, I decided to drive back home to Jiangxi the next day. I called Mom and dad and told them I was going back. "Wait for me tomorrow, " he said. "We'll have a meeting at 10:00 a.m. , ask for a leave of absence, and we'll go back together. "

On January 21, I drove to the school to revise the paper need more than a dozen books back, go home to pack a bag, waiting for Mr. He did not expect to return until nearly 1:00 noon. The news he gave us was that his leader had cancelled his Spring Festival trip after he returned from a meeting in the province. He also had to hold his post and could not return to Jiangxi. I was torn between leaving on the same day or January 22. In fact, I've driven faster than I can count on one hand. It takes nearly seven hours to travel more than 500 kilometers from Wuhan to Jiangxi Province. If I started that day, it would mean driving for an hour or two at night. It wasn't safe. After much hesitation, I decided to leave on January 22.

On Jan. 22, my kids and I got up at exactly 8:00 a.m. , packed our bags, and drove out for breakfast to any noodle shop still open on the road. I put on the N95 mask I had brought back from the United States and went to buy two portions of ground beef. The two women in the store were wearing masks, as were two or three diners. At 9:10, we set off.

The weather was very bad, it was raining and it was foggy. Sometimes when the car in front drove by, it brought the rain, and it was white in front of me. But I don't know why I felt as "steady" as I had never felt before. Maybe I knew the child was in the car, his safety depends on me. Fill up as much gas as you can during the break.

Driving nearly two-thirds of the way, I received a call from my father, said the town cadres call to say Wuhan did not come back not to come back. I said we were halfway there, and Dad said, "well, come back. " It's not like I haven't thought about taking a road trip, but it was just a passing thought. (when I talked to a friend about the idea, she said, "it's a good thing you didn't make that choice! ").

When I got home around 4:00 p.m. , my dad had me park my car in the back alley in the middle of the house. The luggage to the second floor, immediately began the self-isolation: eating and parents separate, downstairs put on a mask, never step out of the house.

At night, through the balcony door, looking at the old house in front of the ridge, psychological feel a little more stable. My sister and I built a new two-story house for my parents two years ago. The old house is still standing, just in front of the new one. Standing on the second floor of the new house, I can see the crest of the old house. I took a photo last year when I went home for Chinese New Year. I put it on the cover of Wechat. I feel that no matter how big the city is and how hard life is, I am also protected by my ancestral home.

Day Two of self-isolation

Light rain on January 23

When I got up in the morning, I found the information about the closure of Wuhan. I didn't want to believe it at that time. The modern big city with a population of tens of millions was closed to the city. I'm afraid it was unprecedented in history.

Leaving Wuhan, on the contrary, more attention to Wuhan Information, a day's time is basically spent on the brush mobile phone. Look at the friends circle of colleagues, the news of the closure of the city, people began in the supermarket "grab food" . A friend posted: "It may be easy to close the city, but the hard part is to guarantee the food, medical care, safety and mood of the people in the city. ". Wuhan needs a strong man to break his wrist, but it also needs national support. "This is not hypocritical, after all, Mr. a still a person in Wuhan, stick to work.

Day Three of self-isolation

Moderate rain on January 24

It's New Year's Eve. They call it the big year back home. In order to grab the top prize, about 4:00 pm, some villagers began to set off firecrackers, announced the start of their New Year's Eve dinner.

It was the grandest day of the year, and our parents called US down for dinner. I picked up a dish and sat on a small bench two meters away from my parents. It took me about 10 minutes to finish the New Year's Eve dinner. Mother's cooking was as good as ever, but her food was dull.

Go upstairs and wrap up all the cash in your wallet in three Lucky Money Red envelopes, one for Dad, one for mom and one for the kids. There are as many parents as there are children, and they all have the same wishes for a successful New Year.

I've been on Wechat all day, and I can't stop, and the bad news just keeps coming. She reposted two articles on her facebook page, Harvard: "Reagents in short supply, COVID-19 in Wuhan" and "hospitals in Wuhan can only hold for three to five days" from people and thepaper.cn. Facebook is limited in its ability to attract attention only through retweets, a kind of Hashtag activism.

Day Four of self-isolation

Light to moderate rain on January 25

To make a donation to the "Wuhan University Fund to fight new type of pneumonia" .

Day Five of self-isolation

It was overcast on January 26

At 11:58 am, I retweeted the article please stop leaking information to the returnees from Wuhan, and introduced myself as a township official calling my family the next day I returned home, i immediately gave the other person my phone number, arrival time, physical condition, self-isolation and other information, but when the other party wanted to register my ID card number, I explicitly refused, and explain that this information is not related to the fight against the epidemic, my phone is clear, they can contact me at any time, if I have the situation will contact them. The next day, however, there was a rumor that I was not cooperating with the work of the cadres. The village or town cadres called the family again to ask for my identity card information. I had to give out my ID number just to keep my parents out of trouble. All we can hope for now is that this information doesn't get out.

At 15:59 p.m. , in my middle school group, a classmate uploaded a Excel  file, the name, sex, age, occupation, ID number, contact information, address, date of return, mode of transportation, and where in Wuhan before returning are listed. A classmate said: "This mobile phone number, the information is so out? "? The XX government is speechless. " The student who uploaded the Excel file "retorted, " saying, "don't say that the government is wrong. People don't fight officials, the government does what it says. "

After seeing this, I said a sentence in the group: "Our information has indeed been leaked Ah. ". "No one said a word, uh, retreating from the crowd.

Day Six of self-isolation

January 27th. Rainy

Today, public opinion seems to be awakening. From the "hard core" public opinion surrounding the people of Wuhan and even Hubei, public opinion has turned to reflect on the extreme behavior in fighting the epidemic. "We are fighting the virus, not the Wuhan people, " it said, "isolate the virus, not the heart" and so on. This shift makes me feel that there is hope for society.

If it's any consolation, I finally picked up my book today. ZILYNSKYJ's media archaeology was a book he grabbed before he left. I picked it up and put it down many times before, and I always thought it was "hard to read. ". Now "forced" close reading, it was found that the fun and the human nature of the bone and romantic. For example: "All things are connected through compassion, which symbolizes the deep similarity between them. ". "

Today, kind of helped a friend of a friend. In the morning, I saw a friend asking for the contact information of a hospital medical staff in a friend circle. He said that a friend of his had just sent a friend circle saying goodbye to his family and the world, and then the phone was disconnected, about what's GonNa Happen to our friend in the hospital. I looked at the name of the hospital, a university hospital, and remembered a friend of the press who had visited the hospital after the siege. ASK THE FRIEND WHO ASKS FOR HELP NOT to worry, contact this friend of the media immediately. The media friend was very generous and reached out to the hospital. The feedback from the hospital was mixed. The good news was that the friend in the hospital had very mild symptoms. The bad news was that the friend was in a kind of panic, shaking all over because he was afraid to wake up or even close his eyes, the area in which he was admitted was the first to be infected with COVID-19, and there was a high risk of cross infection.

I rushed the information back to the friend who asked for help. She said she would ask her psychology friend to help her friend in the hospital with her heart problem. I hope he's okay.

In the circle of friends to see a doctor Tongji Hospital in order to reduce the number of toilet, save protective clothing, want some compressed biscuits. I retweeted the message on my friends'circle, and an old colleague at the Southern Daily immediately provided useful information that a group of volunteers was providing catering support to medical staff. Then he called the doctor directly, and they connected. I'm glad to hear that the problem was quickly solved.

Day Seven of self-isolation

It was cloudy and rainy on January 28

According to the news, the incubation period of COVID-19 is usually 3-7 days, thinking today is finally the 7th day, does that mean the most dangerous time has passed? I didn't know it was gonna be Psycho's Day.

Early in the morning, his father said he had diarrhea, both temples pain, poor appetite. He had a cold more than 20 days before we got home, he insisted on not taking his medicine, and he had a cough that sounded worse today. One temperature, 37.3! Mom took her temperature, and it was 37 degrees!

Everything sounds like a symptom of a COVID-19 infection. I looked around the house, and there were only two N95 masks left, no rubbing alcohol, no 84 solution, no Oseltamivir, no other medications. And if it is, what do I do? Never left the house during the quarantine. Is the road from the village to the county still open? What if it doesn't? What if DAD's symptoms get worse? Sick to the village, unfilial son"-- am I really going to be an unfilial son? The question marks exploded overhead like thunder.

In a panic, I called my husband, who works in Wuhan every day, and asked him "what if I get infected? " And later my sister, who is back with her brother-in-law for the Spring Festival in Anhui, ask Her if she can get Oseltamivir, Arbidol, MOXIFLOXACIN, etc. . I don't know how many times I've said "I don't have anything" on the phone. January 20 only told us will pass on the people, 23 on the sealing of the city, there is no time for any preparation, all of us are so embarrassed!

I spent the morning in a state of restlessness, and I could do nothing but observe. At noon I put on my mask and went down to take my parents'temperature again. He picked up the thermometer and gave it a good shake. Why is the mercury still at 37 degrees? Again, 37 degrees. Is this thermometer broken? Quickly went upstairs to get the thermometer we used, mother, a measure, 36 degrees, completely normal. I thought, "this is Oolong. I've been scared for nothing. " . Father, or close to 37 degrees, just put down the heart hung up. Tell father to drink more hot water, continue to observe in the perturbed.

Fortunately, my father never developed any fever. Shortly before 12:00 am, my sister sent me a message on Wechat: "sister, Zhong Nanshan said fever is a typical symptom, don't worry about it, have a good sleep, the Sun will come out tomorrow. ". "

At night, in the sound of my father's cough, I was half asleep, both looking forward to the morning, but also afraid of tomorrow.

Day Eight of self-isolation

January 29th, Sunny

Early in the morning, the symptoms of my father's discomfort gradually disappeared. My father had a thyroidectomy a few years ago, and I'm very worried about his resistance. He's getting better, and I'm starting to feel like I'm getting better.

Home flow is much more used, this morning the mobile phone was shut down, showing that it owed nearly 300 yuan. Call the mobile 10086 immediately. The lady who answered the phone was very patient and very gentle. For the mobile phone to be turned on at top speed, she recommended the corresponding flow pack, and said, "you take care of yourself. ". Was really warm to think of that sentence, "walking the world, we rely on the kindness of strangers to a large extent. ". "

Today is not a big deal, is to see all kinds of fly around in the air. When talking to my sister on the phone, I said jokingly, "the most we can do is tear up the Internet! "

Day Nine of self-isolation

January 30 Sunny Day

I got a phone call today that made me scream.

At 3:37 p.m. , a call that said "Fuzhou, Jiangxi, Jiangxi" woke me while I was napping. I answer every call that says "Jiangxi Fuzhou, Jiangxi" for the sake of the district.

After the other side claimed that we are in the brigade primary school teachers, asked my children to school school. I said you have to tell me your name, identity and so on, otherwise a phone call I how to judge true or false. The other party suddenly in a temper on the phone, meaning to gather information, you are so nosy.

I went back on the spot, I said I was this primary school graduates, can not determine your identity how I give you information, some time ago our personal information circulated on the Internet, add how much trouble?

His voice softened a bit on the phone, and I swallowed my anger and told him the name of the child's school. But the next question blew my mind. How many children do you have? Is this child an only child? "

I yelled over the phone, "What does this privacy issue have to do with COVID-19? What gives you the right to gather such irrelevant and personal information? "Then he hung up the phone in anger.

After hanging up the phone, the more I think of the more afraid, our personal information was deliberately leaked by the local, do not know how widespread. The other day, I received a phone call from a junior high school classmate I hadn't spoken to in over 20 years. The day before that, I got a call that said "Fujian Quanzhou. " As soon as I spoke, the caller hung up and dialed back and cut the call off. If I could joke about this in my circle of friends the other day, I now feel a chill in my back: If this phone call is the bad guy pretending to be some elementary school teacher to get more information from the kids, what should I do if I commit any illegal acts in the future? WHO's GONNA keep my kids safe?

Day 10 of self-isolation

January 31 Sunny Day

After the first two days of observation and medication, the father no uncomfortable symptoms, cough is basically good. I felt a little relieved to be able to read the book off and on. Early in the morning, sent out a long abstract to an academic forum in Sichuan.

However, at about 9 am, my father came to the second floor and said to me, "your mother has diarrhea. ". "

These days, they should also understand the seriousness of the epidemic through television, and my sister and I have been stressing to them on a daily basis not to go out and visit, not to interact with familiar people, go out and wear masks in crowded places, etc. , i can understand their panic. Although I carefully assessed the risks before returning home: I had just returned from Hong Kong, had barely left home for two or three days in Wuhan, and my children had stayed at home during winter break; moving forward, our daily activities range from our homes in Wuchang to our schools in Hongshan District, far from Hankou, where we don't go to the wet market and have very little contact with the virus before we dare to return home.

But seeing my parents' worried face, my heart began to suffer again, "take the illness back to the village, unfilial grandchildren, " this sentence is like a moving banner, fluttering in front of my eyes, I think I will not hold up.

Try to calm yourself down and ask your mother about her two-day trip to see if there are any factors contributing to diarrhea. In the morning, my mother went to the river to wash vegetables and prepare pickled vegetables. Father said on the side, you said that we should practice eight section of Jin, yesterday your mother ran to the field practice, the sun is big, took off his clothes, do not know is caught cold.

From the day I came home, I always stressed to them: "keep warm, don't catch a cold. ". "I can also understand that they have worked hard all their lives, let them sit still, not rest, but torture. But now I was so anxious that I almost growled, "don't go to the river to wash clothes and vegetables, and don't put cold water on them! "

Growling and growling, I immediately warmed my mother to the fire, while I moxibustion her large vertebrae. She also took a diarrhea medication. In the afternoon, she told me that there was nothing wrong with her. Another day passed, reading, grading papers like a distant dream.

Day 11 of self-isolation

Sunny February 1st

Today, I smashed my kid's IPAD.

The immediate reason is that I don't like the way he keeps his iPad in his hand all day, eating, going to the bathroom, playing video games or watching silly videos verifying which instant noodles and which takeout are good. I nagged him and asked him to stop using the IPAD immediately, when he whispered, "stupid. ". As a Inseparable mother and son, this seemingly serious swear word didn't really bother me that much, because I called him a "jerk" when I was angry, and I didn't think it was necessary for children to treat their parents like gods, what is expected and sought to create is a more equal relationship between mother and child. He scolded me, can only say that I was "self-inflicted" , no wonder others.

So I knew in my heart that the real reason I had to break his IPAD was because I feared I had raised a cold hearted child.

That day I read "in Huanggang, a father's duty" on the public account, and one of the lines drove a nail into my brain: "I think reflection and recrimination are necessary, but what we need more is something more essential and more basic, something that the post-70s, post-80s and post-90s have never dared or even thought they could ask for. History has proved that we are a generation of doing nothing. I hope our post-00s, post-10s and post-20s will have some ambition, but this ambition needs us to cultivate and influence, as Generation War made us cowards, so we can still make a difference. "

As a 70-year-old man, I am losing my "vitality" , my "weakness" and my "timidity" . How can I cultivate the 11-year-old "post-10"'s ambition, wisdom, compassion and courage? Can I make a difference? Can I still change the future?

It was as if a pair of invisible hands were hammering these nail like questions into my head, little by little. I had no answers, not even confidence. Maybe that was what really broke me. I jumped out of bed, barefoot on the floor, and struggled to lift the IPAD, smashing it to the ground. Looking at the pieces, neither mother nor son spoke.

Day 12 of self-isolation

It was cloudy and rainy on February 2

In Wuhan, I have a small house has been rented, the tenant Mr. Wu is engaged in the tourism industry, business has been good, has been more than two years to rent. Yesterday, he sent greetings on Wechat, saying that the tourism industry in Wuhan has been hit hard. He offered to waive the rent in February and cut the rent in half in March and April. He put it politely: "It's really difficult, otherwise I wouldn't open my mouth. ". "

After thinking about it for a long time, I replied that he would waive the rent for February. It seems that 2020 will really be a very difficult year, I can not help but worry for them when I think of the graduates of this year who have not found a job.

The good thing is that we resumed the Python programming course for our kids today, and we watched the BBC documentary journey to Scandinavia, looking forward to a trip to Sweden this summer. The Food in the film made us drool all over the floor. When the epidemic is over, the children say, it will take them a whole day to find and eat all kinds of good food. Fried Chicken, pizza, cake, fondue... he missed the city food more than anything.

Day 13 of self-isolation

It was cloudy and rainy on February 3

Today, I slowly get back to my daily routine, instead of brushing my cell phone all day. The day before yesterday received a text message from the degree center of the Ministry of Education, asking the assessment experts to log on to the system to improve personal information, finished processing today. A few days ago, an undergraduate student who is applying to study abroad sent me a letter of recommendation and Report Card for her to upload, today also finished processing.

In addition, I finished reading nearly two chapters of media archaeology, and began to collate my notes during my visit to the Chinese University of Hong Kong to find ideas and materials for revising my thesis.

Without the IPAD, the kids took a Python programming online class today and completed Chinese and English word exercises, as well as English reading assignments. We watched the second and third episodes of the BBC documentary "Are Our Children Tough Enough: Chinese School" . The Sino British model of education, not the EITHER/OR, but learning from each other, I believe it will stimulate him to think. This documentary is a child's own choice, I have seen before, but still accompanied him to see.

At noon, friends sent "Yangtze Daily" public article on the Article "this February Wuhan rent-free housing? False! " . When the tenants offered the rent reduction, they did send me the document in the article under the name of the Wuhan Real Estate Brokers Association, this document also helped me to make the decision to waive my rent for February. Seeing that the notice was a rumor, I felt a little disappointed. However, "if you say something, it will be thrown out. " Now that you have promised to avoid it, you will fulfill your promise. Moreover, the tourism industry will definitely be affected. Even if it is a friendly support, it will not be easy for everyone.

Day 14 of self-isolation

It was fine on February 4th

Early in the morning to wake up to hear the crack of firecrackers, Oh, today the beginning of spring. Unlike the strong and long New Year's Eve, the sound of firecrackers broken, Short, like the patter of rain, like warm and restrained applause, like the villagers hearty laughter. "The old year ends, the New Year returns. " Spring is really here.

Listening again, I could hear the birds chirping and the "squeaking" of the wooden door of the old house as it was opened, and a couple arguing about who did the most housework. It's a voice I've known since I was a kid, and it sounds like heaven to me today.

By the end of the day, our self-isolation will be over. When tomorrow comes, I will give my mother and father a warm hug. Afraid as they were, they didn't shut us out, didn't say anything cold, but left us the best gizzards as usual, such as a big drumstick in a bowl of chicken soup, such as a child's favorite fried chicken cooked by his grandmother, then they gave us all to eat, and kept nothing for themselves. The mother said, "If you don't go back to your parents' house, who can you go back to? "? "When tomorrow comes, I will go out of my house, walk around the fields, walk by the river and jump on the ridges of the fields. Tomorrow, WE'RE GONNA sit down and have a real family reunion dinner.

From a village to a town, a county, a city, a province, a country, each of us has his own beloved home. But love is not enough, but the ability and courage to defend their homes. As we embrace the promise of Spring, let us not forget those who can never walk in the spring breeze, don't forget the child with cerebral palsy who died in six days' isolation after 16 years under his father's protection, and the woman who shouted "Mama" from the back of the funeral home van, don't forget the little isolated baby who reached out to the paramedics for a hug. Don't forget the people who gave up their lives in despair.

Only do not forget, only everyone to work hard, spring can really come.

Haven't you seen enough?

LONG-PRESS QR code to follow "people" on Wechat

There's more where that came from

WECHAT SWEEPS UP Praise for author

####Send it to the author

People Admire

Long-press the QR code to transfer the funds to me

Under apple's new rules, wechat's iOS version of the APP has been turned off to support public accounts through Qr code transfers.

Go to "discover"-"take a look" browse "friends watching"

Sent

####Send it to take a look

Sending

A scan of wechat
Pay attention to the account


-------------
title: A 14-day quarantine diary of a teacher in Wuhan
source: ren-wu-/-mei-ri-ren-wu-（-ge-ti-）
authors: _
editors: _
proofreader: _
photographer: _
translator: _
via: https://github.com/2019ncovmemory/nCovMemory
link: https://mp.weixin.qq.com/s/3f7q1d3Mf9qp-rQSlk-5xA
archive: http://archive.is/NmkUz
snapshot: https://github.com/2019ncovmemory/nCovMemory/blob/master/archive/jpg/778.jpg
lead: Don't forget, everyone to go hard, spring can really come.
cover: data:image/jpeg;base64,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
