##To help volunteers in the area around Wuhan

Wechat media-fox

Features, for those who insist on serious reading options. Sohu News Extreme Day studio.

Hospital staff receive medical supplies from volunteers. Photo courtesy of the respondents

By Li Xiaofang

Editor | Hu Daqi

Hospitals in Hubei Province are running short of medical supplies as the COVID-19 epidemic spreads. Starting from January 23, many hospitals issued their own material collection announcements. At about the same time, various civilian forces mobilized to donate money, volunteer to raise supplies, contribute to the logistics channels, masks, protective clothing, goggles, medical alcohol and other urgently needed supplies to the hospital.

Some non-governmental volunteers noticed that the surrounding areas of Wuhan were also in a serious situation, and they concentrated in cities such as Huanggang, Jingzhou and Xiaogan to prevent "dark under the lights. " Even the county, township level medical units with poorer medical resources to deliver supplies.

As a useful supplement to the official force, the volunteer work has played an emergency role in some medical institutions during the period when the epidemic was spreading and hospitals were in short supply. They are also very clear, "we rely on these private forces, it is difficult to fill the hospital material gap" , even now, the first-line hospital materials are still a huge gap.

Here's what the three volunteers said:

1
_

1

_

Bear, Volunteer Organization for the Burning Lamp Project

I thought he was making jokes,

A few seconds later, it wasn't even a joke."

The Light Project Volunteer Group was originally started by a young woman named Wuyiqingliu, a screenwriter with a factory in her home. On January 23, the day the city was closed, she posted a friend's circle and there were 600,000 masks in the factory. Her uncle said the money could not be made and planned to donate it all to the Jingzhou government.

Starting with the masks, they set up a small team to transport supplies, and more and more volunteers joined, and now there are about 200 volunteers in the group. I joined around January 27, mainly responsible for the docking and distribution of materials.

The early founders of the "light up" project came from the surrounding cities of Jingzhou and Huanggang. When they docked with the hospital, they found that the situation outside Wuhan was very bad. In order to prevent these cities from falling into the "dark under the lights" situation, i wanted to send some medical supplies to the area around Wuhan.

On My side, I have built 16 prefectural-and municipal-level wechat groups (16 prefectural-and municipal-level cities, 1 Autonomous Prefecture and 3 provincial-level county-level cities outside the Shennongjia) , dividing Hubei Province into 16 groups. Each group had a leader, who was in each place, depending on the size of the city and their connections, pulling their teams together, as in the Huanggang Group, which now has more than 40 volunteers, and the smallest group in Qianjiang, which now has only one.

Each group of volunteers will be assigned to a lower level of county and township hospitals and health centers. So far, we've connected 727 health care units, and the list keeps going up.

Now Hubei Province's traffic is controlled, do not say out of town, out of the community is a very difficult thing. It is completely impossible to distribute these medical materials to a lower-level hospital by express delivery. Our solution now is to build six sub-warehouses in Hubei Province. The follow-up will be about eight, and one sub-warehouse will cover one to two places, these sub-warehouse can accept the provincial materials directly into the province, and then by the local team leader to coordinate the manpower to go to the warehouse to pull out the materials for distribution.

Sometimes, we'll get a volunteer convoy, or a blue sky rescue team, or a local Red Cross or CDC certification, and drive ourselves to the warehouse to tow. Once, in order to transport 14,000 masks to a city, we found the Office of Disease Control, the Office of disease control again found the local armed police, with police cars to pull the goods. Drag back, the team leader will be confirmed in accordance with the pre-hospital conditions, which hospital more medical supplies, and then according to the amount of material distribution. Straight to the hospital, no other tissue.

The controls are getting tighter. Out-of-town cars do not want to come to Hubei, because one trip, the driver back to isolation after 14 days, equivalent to 14 days without any income, is a great loss. Even if you wanted to come, it would take a lot of work to get a pass.

We raised a truckload of medical alcohol a few days ago, and it's going to a local city in Shandong Province. Alcohol belongs to inflammable and explosive materials. We found a local volunteer in Hubei. He is the owner of a chemical industry park. He has a warehouse for inflammable and explosive materials. He also found a trailer for transporting inflammable and explosive materials, and then went to ask the local secretary, approved a lot of release slip, and even went to the province for instructions, finally sent an empty car from Hubei, with police escort, drove more than 1,000 kilometers to pull back.

During transportation, a number of medical supplies at each checkpoint may be co-ordinated by various local governments. Now every area is really very difficult, I do volunteer work is only four or five days time, have many government officials asked me if I have the corresponding supplies. In the old days, I would never have had access to an officer of their rank. Their Red Cross couldn't raise any medical supplies, so they took our supplies and distributed them, which was kind of our volunteer work.

Face Masks, protective clothing and alcohol are now the most scarce items in front-line hospitals. Once, we shipped 9,000 disposable surgical masks to Enshi Tujia and Miao Autonomous Prefecture, and 9,000 masks were actually very few, just nine boxes, 20 boxes a box. The volunteer teams in Enshi Tujia and Miao Autonomous Prefecture were broken up and assigned to more than 20 medical units in the following eight counties.

Ensch is all over the mountains, and we're sending masks in local convoys to county hospitals and smaller clinics, and it's all hell. For example, the owner of the car will send five masks to the health center in the mountains, which adds up to only five yuan, and even the gas money is much more than that, but there is no way, you have to send them, otherwise, people will have no supplies to use.

We also ran into a village health doctor down in Ensch who walked into the county and got five disposable surgical masks. He also volunteered to tell the county that the county hospital was in a hurry and that you should use it first. You don't have to. We'll get it ourselves. Just leave us five masks. We're so short on supplies.

A few days ago, a doctor in Huanggang, a little after 10:00 at night, said on the wechat group that he would start working 12 hours a day on duty at the fever clinic tomorrow. He had a protective suit, just one, and if there were no new supplies, since I was 12 years old. He didn't have a respirator yet, and his female co-worker gave him a sanitary towel that he could use under a regular respirator. I thought he was telling a joke at first, but then I realized it wasn't a joke at all.

I have not heard people say to me for a long time how much is the cost of logistics distribution, Hubei Province, all the organizations we cooperate with, no one talks about money, everyone in the money, time to do this thing. But let's be honest, we know that what we're doing is a drop in the bucket, and we're just trying to do as much as we can.

2
_

2

Hu Hailiu, 26, volunteer group for "masks going to the countryside"

"We, the people, alone,

It's GonNa be hard to fill the hospital's supply gap."

I am from Huanggang, Hubei. My family is in the disaster area. Everyone's attention is in Wuhan, so I think there will be a shortage of materials in other places.

I did not have the resources, I told a friend my idea, he looked for his friends, together to provide materials to the Wuhan surrounding areas of the organization, finally successfully received a batch of medical supplies to our county. We do not finish this thing, but also hope to carry on this volunteer program, has a name, called "masks to the countryside. ".

I was at the beginning of the docking hospital, home some students working in the hospital, can understand some of the front-line hospitals, put their needs in the wechat group, then go to the organization can provide supplies. There was so much stuff back there, so many different kinds of merchandise, that I took on another job, identifying and making sure it was up to medical standards.

Face masks are a very scarce commodity. Many domestic manufacturers have been unified deployment, will not sell masks to voluntary organizations. Some of the remaining manufacturers, quality can not guarantee, we decided not to buy. There are a variety of masks available overseas, most of which do not match domestic standards, but many hospitals will also accept them, because many second-line health care workers also need masks, they do not have direct contact with patients, ordinary N95 masks can be used, or by European standards, a face mask in the FFP2 category is also acceptable.

First-line medical staff need to use N95 medical masks, in order to protect doctors during surgery, to prevent blood and other liquids spilled on the mask, and then occur infiltration. But it's so hard to get all donated masks to meet that standard, and hospitals across the country need them, so they're hard to find. Doctors in many county hospitals, as you can see online, wear a plain N95 mask with a clear plastic shell over it to keep out splashes of liquid or foam.

Hazmat suits and kits are also in short supply. County and township hospitals have many fever patients, but without a test kit, doctors can not diagnose them. Protection, many doctors do not have any protection, for example, my classmates in the hospital, they may only have a mask, wearing a mask to go for treatment, protective clothing, goggles, no.

Volunteers Count Goggles. Photo provided by interviewee

We also had problems. When Xiantao was buying medical supplies, there were no volunteers in the local area. A businessman offered to introduce us to other manufacturers. Later it was discovered that he secretly took a commission, 33 yuan for a piece of isolation clothing, he sold it to us for $36.

But I also did not want to start through the Red Cross and other organizations to donate supplies, efficiency is difficult to guarantee. Like us directly and the hospital docking, especially contact good medical supplies, let the hospital to the manufacturers there to pick up the goods, basic one day to complete the whole process. A little closer, it could take half a day for supplies to reach the hospital.

Is there any relief now? As far as I can see, no. A lot of medical supplies are disposable, they're constantly being consumed, and the supplies are only going to last for a week or two or three days. It's hard for us to fill the gap in the hospital.

3
_

3

Second Brother, 25, volunteer group of "masks going to the countryside"

"It pains me to think of my days in Wuhan,

What has become of this city?"

I've been following the news since mid January, buying face masks, washing my hands, watching the news all the time, and feeling particularly anxious. I added a punch-in Group, said that during the epidemic, continued to normal life, but I did not punch in the third day, was kicked out of the group. I added a book group, and I planned to keep reading during the outbreak, but I didn't read any. Now I'm going to start reading a little bit, and I see a lot of people reading Albert Camus's the plague, and they say it looks like it's happening right now, so I'm a little bit curious.

The anxiety was at its worst on New Year's Eve, when CCTV New Year's Gala was still going on, but the Internet was flooded with requests for help, and that night felt magical to me.

On the first day of the Lunar New Year, we chatted on wechat groups about what public welfare organizations could do about the epidemic. I said I had a friend who was tracking online fund-raisers. A friend in the group sent me a private message. He was from Qichun County, Huanggang, and had been concerned about the epidemic in Hubei. When he saw the announcement of raising materials from the hospital in his hometown, he came to ask me how to raise money, can we donate to the hospital in his hometown?

We pulled a few more friends and formed a group of six. That evening, they received supplies from the Wuhan University, confirming that they could be sent to county and town hospitals, and the next day they sent express mail. This is the first docking we've done.

When I started volunteering, I was less anxious, because I was on the move, doing something that distracted me from the news.

For the first time, a friend in the group asked if he wanted to do more. At that time, we estimated their capacity, the plan is to 10 hospitals docking transport supplies, and now, the actual docking is 14 hospitals.

In view of the lack of resources in counties and townships, and the fact that materials are distributed to them layer by layer from province to city after a relatively long time, our initial positioning was to mainly support hospitals at the county and township levels in Hubei Province.

We also have no experience, just started the hospital, supplies, volunteers are pulled into a group, the process is very chaotic, supplies may be sent to all the hospital group message, ask them whether they need supplies. Every hospital's needs are different, so it's a little confusing.

Later, we slowly adjusted the process. First, we went to the hospital where the donation announcement was made, made phone calls to verify the relevant situation, confirmed the demand, and then went to find the corresponding materials for docking. We checked with the hospital whether the materials were suitable, whether they could be used, and then confirmed the quantity, then in the material side order, with the logistics, to find the hospital after the receipt of the order, including let them take feedback map, public summary. It's all a work in progress.

The last time we raised money for a suit, it took us, like, 12 hours, and we raised 60,70,000. It was a very stressful day, because I had to raise money and make sure it was going to work. We did not sleep until very late that day, contact the manufacturers ordered protective clothing, but the boss has not received our money, very worried about being cheated. Results the next day, he really jumped the ticket, the hospital has to the factory to pick up the goods, the boss said not to deliver. At that time, the volunteers in charge of docking were particularly anxious and contacted another factory. Finally, they ran to four factories with the people of the hospital in an emergency. They purchased the required protective clothing in batches in Xiantao, Hubei.

When everything was finished that day, the volunteer in charge was particularly impressed. She told me that she thought it was a great day, controlling four motorcades, visiting four manufacturers and purchasing 4,500 sets of protective clothing, the suits were then distributed to eight different counties, towns and villages.

One of them, a doctor in Tongshan County, hesitated for a long time, wondering if he should drive up to Xanadu to get his suit. They were short of supplies, but they were traveling for hours at a time, mostly in the middle of the day, and they had to work hard to get their passes, and the doctors were worried that they might not be able to get their Hazmat suits, and they might be stopped in the middle of the trip. The volunteers talked to the doctor for more than three hours before the doctor felt confident enough to try Xiantao.

Vehicle passes. Picture provided by interviewees

In the end, the doctor managed to get his hands on the suit, which he could use. We were all so impressed, the volunteer said, "there was a tear. " We also agreed to go to Tongshan County for a drink when the epidemic was over.

I was from Sichuan Province and spent four years at Wuhan University of Technology before graduating and moving to Guangzhou. When I was in Wuhan, I complained everyday that it was dirty, the air was bad, and I had to wear a mask every day. But I Miss Wuhan very much also like, at that time we do campus team together, write the school news, you will feel that the record still has some power and role.

When I think about what I've been through, where I've been, where my school might be empty now, or if I'm in a state of chaos and despair, or if it's painful to think about what this city has become?

By the time the final accounts are audited and made public, the work of our group will almost be over. Why it's realistic: We all have jobs, and with two unemployed people looking for work, our energy is really limited. Government support and supplies are beginning to arrive.

When it's over, drinking with my team in Tongshan County is something I have to do, and for some reason, it feels like a stop or a memorial.

At the request of the interviewee, the character in the article is assumed name

Reply to "readership" in the background to add more discussion

About the author

Li Xiaofang

Always fantasizing about getting rich quick.

Li Xiaofang

Always fantasizing about getting rich quick.

WECHAT SWEEPS UP Praise for author

####Send it to the author

People Admire

Long-press the QR code to transfer the funds to me

Under apple's new rules, wechat's iOS version of the APP has been turned off to support public accounts through Qr code transfers.

Go to "discover"-"take a look" browse "friends watching"

Sent

####Send it to take a look

Sending

A scan of wechat
Pay attention to the account


-------------
title: To help volunteers in the area around Wuhan
source: ji-zhou-gong-zuo-shi
authors: _
editors: _
proofreader: _
photographer: _
translator: _
via: https://github.com/2019ncovmemory/nCovMemory
link: https://mp.weixin.qq.com/s/vsXQe81ehTDPKmpG7P65nw
archive: http://archive.is/eSBjO
snapshot: https://github.com/2019ncovmemory/nCovMemory/blob/master/archive/jpg/1172.jpg
lead: Just do what you can
cover: data:image/jpeg;base64,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
