##Food delivery workers trapped in Xiaogan: 47 days'suspension of living

MICRO-SIGNAL BQSHENYIDU

Beijing Youth Daily reports from the official public number

Reporter / Leung Ting intern reporter / Lin Yiqiao

Editor / Edward Shek

During the period of detention in Xiaogan, the delivery man moved into a shared apartment

By the end of 2019, Timon, Hedy W. Lee and Zhang Qiang had chosen to work as delivery workers in Wuhan. Before this, they all had not been happy, some people took a detour to enter the prison, some people were heavily in debt, but the longing for a stable life has never changed.

Three people "delivery" as a new beginning in 2020, listen to people say, good delivery, a month 10,000 yuan is not a problem.

When they heard that Xiaogan money-making opportunities than Wuhan, Timon three people volunteered to join the company's dispatch team, in the Spring Festival to support Xiaogan take-out business. When many colleagues went home for the Spring Festival, they and more than 30 people set out from Wuhan on January 20, with simple luggage, boarded the high-speed railway to Xiaogan. The income of Xiaogan trip is very considerable, "working to the 15th day of the first month, can earn at least 10,000 yuan. ".

The new crown pneumonia epidemic has evolved beyond anyone's imagination. On January 27th, after a week of traffic disruption across Xiaogan, takeout was halted and they were evicted from their hostel and moved into a rental house, where they began a long wait. The "money-making plan" became the "dilemma" in Xiaogan's rented house.

For those who work for a living, every day of not working is suffering, no money into the pocket, meaning that the family's livelihood is not secure, they are very anxious.

Street stores in Xiaogan were closed, and takeout was shut down from January 27

Make money

The reason for going from Wuhan to Xiaogan is simple -- to take advantage of the new year and make more money.

After the New Year holiday, 84 colleges and universities in the city of Wuhan are on vacation. With nearly a million students leaving Wuhan, Hedy W. Lee's orders fell, to a maximum of 30 a day in the first few days of the year, compared with at least 35 in the past.

Hedy W. Lee, who has been on the job for three months, says Xiaogan's business is good each year, usually earning 6 yuan for a single transaction, 7 yuan for the Spring Festival and 200 yuan in subsidies, which is also when the platform's rewards are strongest. If he doesn't go home for the new year, he can earn 10,000 yuan by working in Xiaogan until the 15th day of the first lunar month.

Timon originally intended to stay in Wuhan during the Spring Festival on duty at the station. Before the Spring Festival, the station master asked him "do you want to make money? " And he answered the station master quickly, "of course I do. The purpose of the New Year duty is to make money. " So, the stationmaster gave him a chance to earn money -- to feel filial.

The stationmaster told Timon that Xiaogan's take-out business is mostly handled by locals, who don't work during the Spring Festival. The company decided to dispatch a group of people from Wuhan to support Xiaogan. Timon decisively promised that, in addition to making money, he also wanted to "as a new recruit, in front of the leadership of a good performance. ".

Zhang Qiang also learned from the stationmaster Xiaogan each single income than Wuhan High, he immediately decided to follow the arrangement, "the top leadership said can earn more money, we did not think, agreed. "

None of them thought of staying long in Xiaogan. According to the plan, they set off on January 20 and could return on January 16. Hedy W. Lee packed only a mattress, three sets of clothes, and toiletries. Hedy W. Lee had brought more than 20 disposable surgical masks with him because of his rhinitis, which can recur after long bike rides with dust.

Timon and Zhang Qiang only started working as delivery workers in mid December. They invested thousands of yuan in equipment, spent hundreds of yuan on the body of an electric car, rented batteries for more than 300 yuan a month, plus takeout boxes, raincoats, protective clothing and gloves, these seemingly sporadic outgoings have been quite costly.

However, for them at that time, the investment can be affordable, because they work in Xiaogan 20 days, they hope to pay more than 10,000.

On January 20, they left Wuhan for Xiaogan, where more than 30 people, including three, went. Before setting off, Hedy W. Lee had heard of pneumonia in Hankou, and he had been wearing a mask on the train, but only as a precaution against rhinitis.

In Xiaogan, Timon saw that the streets of Xiaogan were crowded, few people wore masks, and everything seemed normal and smooth. Once they checked into the company's Guest House, they started taking orders.

First few days in Xiaogan, business was good. On January 21st Hedy W. Lee took on more than 40 orders, a number that pleased him. Timon ran a total of 159 units in the first five days, is the largest number of people in the same room, but "good business" with the release of the city control notice, soon gone.

There is no water heater in the rental room, so it is most inconvenient to take a bath

Time-out

Two days after Xiaogan, the situation changed. On Jan. 22, the hostel they had checked into began evicting people, the first time Timon had noticed the severity of the outbreak since he arrived in Xiaogan.

Timon remembered that it had been raining all day, and when Xiaogan had finished delivering the order and was soaking wet, he had turned back to the hostel to change his clothes for fear of catching a cold. Before he could get inside, the hostel owner told him to leave, "If you don't go, I'll throw something out for you. " The boss is very anxious and very fierce, Timon replied, "don't talk like that. ".

He contacts a site leader on the one hand, the one hand and guest house boss strive for, was able to stay one more night. The hostel, which costs 50 yuan a night, is the first place they stay after arriving in Xiaogan.

The next day they were forced to move to another hostel, but on January 25th it was closed and several had to move again. Under the coordination of the site's leaders, they lived in a house that the local delivery boy had rented.

The two-bedroom one-room House in an old neighborhood was simply whitewashed. The living room had a double bed with no headboard, and its walls were stacked with stored food. Two single beds and three bunk beds were in each of the other two rooms, and the windows were shaded by extra sheets.

The old tenement house later became their base of operations, with Timon, Hedy W. Lee, Zhang Qiang and three others living together.

After moving into rental housing, Xiaogan began tightening controls, businesses were told to close, and they gradually ran out of places to run. On the eve of the Lunar New Year, Hedy W. Lee left the house at 9 a.m. and delivered only five orders by 3 p.m.

After work, Hedy W. Lee went back to the rental house. His Co workers were gone. He slept, woke up, and went out to eat alone. In the evening, the streets are deserted and the restaurants are largely closed. Hedy W. Lee found a late night snack stall and ordered fried rice and barbecue for the New Year's Eve dinner. He was a little homesick for Jingzhou, where he knew he would always have his favorite fish cakes and sticky rice balls, something he had never imagined would happen on his first New Year's outing.

On January 27th, the community strictly controlled access, and takeout was shut down completely. On January 27, the new Xiaogan pneumonia control and Prevention Headquarters issued a decree no. 10: The city's traffic will be cut off, all access roads must be physically isolated and blocked to prevent local people from going out.

Xiaogan epidemic gradually spread, confirmed the number of people continue to increase, becoming the most serious area outside Wuhan, taking advantage of the Chinese New Year to make more money completely destroyed. On January 23rd, when the crackdown began in Wuhan, they were glad to have come to Xiaogan and escaped from the worst affected areas. Now Timon is beginning to regret it.

Timon heard that in Wuhan colleagues are still running single, every day at least can earn three or four hundred. He often thought that if he was in Wuhan, he would run a single, he is not afraid of pneumonia, afraid of no income. Now can only sit, wait, when can resume work, when can leave Xiaogan, all do not know.

This take-out suit hasn't been worn in over 40 days

Wait

In the rental of monotonous days, meals, a few people gathered together to play Games, see a movie. Hubei Spring is still bleak, we are always freezing shiver. During the day, people also curled up in bed under a quilt to rest, the body delivery clothes pile up on the bedside, has not put on the body for a long time.

Stuck in the early days of the Tenement, Hedy W. Lee and his colleagues kept up with the news of the outbreak, discussing the inability to buy face masks, the rising number of infections, and grieving the death of Dr. Li. But now they're more concerned with their own lives.

Rental House no water heater, no Yuba, the most troublesome thing is to take a bath, can only use electric kettle boil a few pots of hot water, simple rinse. Luckily they had an indoor bathroom, which was shabby but comforting.

During this period, the price of Xiaogan has increased obviously, and their living expenses in Xiaogan have increased. After several negotiations with the site, the company is willing to bear the living expenses of their stay in Xiaogan, but there is also an explicit requirement that the six people in Florida buy food not more than 200 yuan each time.

Every three to five days, a few people go out to buy a time, buy a few days of food. Cabbages, radishes, tomatoes, celery, potatoes, and eggs are their top choices, Hedy W. Lee explains. The local price of meat has risen to more than 50 yuan a catty, and they seldom eat it.

The six people in the room split into two groups to eat. Timon and another co-worker, who could cook, cooked only two meals a day and occasionally cooked another bowl of noodles to satisfy their hunger.

Before setting off, the 20 masks Hedy W. Lee was carrying became a "scarce commodity. ". During the trip, the outbreak spread, and Hedy W. Lee bought 50 more. He divided the masks among his colleagues. There are still a dozen left. Because they rarely go out, they don't worry about masks, "they don't need them anyway. "

So far, Hedy W. Lee and his colleagues have been stuck in Xiaogan for 47 days, and have recently received a response to "continuing to apply" for wage subsidies for the shutdown. The company has promised to start paying a portion of the subsidy to payroll cards in March.

The biggest worry for Hedy W. Lee and his colleagues is how much longer they will be without jobs and without income. This job as a delivery boy is very important to their families.

Food delivery guy in Wuhan

Way Out

Before they became delivery boys, Hedy W. Lee, Zhang Qiang, and Timon had their ups and downs.

Hedy W. Lee had worked in interior design and sales, but because of the long nights and the pressure on his performance, he chose to transition to take delivery and give himself a break. In his three months on the job, he's never had a good night's rest. He plans to earn a little more this Spring Festival, and then go home for the holiday after the Lantern Festival. He usually only takes one day off a month. This time he plans to take a longer break. Hedy W. Lee, the only child, wanted to spend more time with his parents.

Born in 1987, Zhang Qiang's family lost money in business and was heavily in debt. After his father died a few years ago and his mother lived alone in the country, he had a four year old child, and after he and his wife Split up, he gave them 2,000 yuan a month to live on. "There are old people and young people at our age, and they are the backbone of our family. " He pays off his debts while working, and he has to send money to his family every month. For him, life can not afford to wait and can not afford to waste, "Time flies too fast, the old man is old, the child is also growing up. "

His last job was following a friend to pick up a project to make scaffolding for the municipal lighting project for the Military Games. So far, the final payment of the project has not been completed. When the project was over and there was no source of income, he started looking for something to do, considering that the whole family was waiting for money, "according to some people, if you run well and work hard, you can make eighteen thousand a month, and some even make thousands, " he said. He decided to take delivery as the next step in his life, stick with it for a while and look for new opportunities.

The delivery man is also Timon's new way out.

At the age of 17, he was convicted of a crime of passion and sentenced to 12 years in prison. Since he got out at 29, he's worked as a security guard, worked in a factory, washed hotel sheets, and owned a car wash, "When I first came out, I didn't listen to my parents and took some detours. As the saying goes, a family has 10 million yuan, and I can't afford to support a reform-through-labor offender. I've also been tricked by others since I got out. "

After six years in prison, Timon's plan was to go to work with a minimum of fuss. Timon quit his last job because his boss was behind on his wages. Later, when it was said that a delivery man could make money as long as he was willing to work hard, he decided to take out food.

Timon began to work on December 15 last year, half a month ran more than 600 single, the monthly salary to hand more than 4000 yuan, pay off the previous arrears, his hands less than 2000 yuan. Stuck in Xiaogan these days, Timon not only no income, but also on time to pay the monthly rent of 300 yuan battery, with no money to spend, he had to ask for money at home.

The plight of the three is also a livelihood issue for countless migrant workers. Hedy W. Lee said that compared to new pneumonia, they have been lucky, but for every ordinary migrant workers, a year of money management, life is difficult to maintain another kind of suffering. In 2020, they have some new plans, but now the epidemic is not over, we have to wait and see.

To protect the privacy of the interviewees, the articles are assumed names

This article was first published by the Beijing Youth Daily in the Toutiao, and is not to be reproduced without authorization.

Three cases of pathological anatomy of the initial diagnosis was completed, the deceased had mucinous secretions | depth report

I don't want to be a hero. I just want to avoid despair. | in-depth report

Farewell to Dr. Li Wenliang: May Heaven be virus-free | in-depth report

Go to "discover"-"take a look" browse "friends watching"

Sent

####Send it to take a look

Sending

A scan of wechat
Pay attention to the account


-------------
title: Food delivery workers trapped in Xiaogan: 47 days'suspension of living
source: bei-qing-shen-yi-du
authors: _
editors: _
proofreader: _
photographer: _
translator: _
via: https://github.com/2019ncovmemory/nCovMemory
link: https://mp.weixin.qq.com/s/eOueK8-i7SsmkbsZmHKd4g
archive: http://archive.is/vjF71
snapshot: https://github.com/2019ncovmemory/nCovMemory/blob/master/archive/jpg/3378.jpg
lead: The "money-making scheme" became a dilemma in rental housing
cover: data:image/jpeg;base64,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
