##WHO has the authority to release information about the outbreak? EXPERTS CALL FOR REVISION OF INFECTIOUS DISEASE PREVENTION LAW

I-CAIJING

CAIJING magazine official Wechat. "CAIJING" magazine, sponsored by the China Securities Market Research Center, was first published in 1998, adhering to the news concept of "independence, exclusiveness and originality" , and is known for authoritative, impartial and professional reporting, it is a must-read publication for policy-makers, researchers and managers in the field of politics and economics.

The last revision of the law on the prevention and control of infectious diseases was in 2004 after the SARS epidemic, and the new epidemic of pneumonia has exposed some shortcomings and deficiencies in the law, experts suggested the revision involves the early warning information release and the epidemic area blockade and so on many aspects

Heavy snow falls in Beijing on February 5. The sudden outbreak of new pneumonia, China is a severe test of the tenacity of the Chinese people in the same boat, fighting the epidemic. Photograph by Li Li, CAIJING correspondent

By Wang Lina, CAIJING correspondent

Editor | Lu Wei

After the new crown pneumonia epidemic prevention and control campaign, "Infectious Disease Prevention and Control Law" once again ushered in the opportunity for revision. Recently, more than a dozen experts and scholars have written "expert advice on amending the relevant provisions of the Law on the prevention and control of infectious diseases. ".

"improve the epidemic warning system, " "further clarify the right to issue the epidemic, " "improve the legal liability provisions, " and so on, in response to the public's general concern in the epidemic, experts have suggestions.

Wang Chenguang, a professor at the Tsinghua University School of Law and Executive Vice President of the Chinese Society of Health Law, told Caijing that China currently has a number of laws and regulations related to infectious diseases and public health incidents, for example, the law on emergency response, the law on the prevention and control of infectious diseases, the regulations on emergency response to public health emergencies, and the measures for the implementation of the law on the prevention and control of infectious diseases, while the legal framework is relatively sound, they do not match each other, the time of enactment and the purpose of legislation are different, and some concepts, subjects of application and procedures are not identical. In addition, the relevant legal provisions are not clear enough, not strong operational situation, these shortcomings and shortcomings exposed in this epidemic response, it is worth reflection and improvement.

"At the beginning, the virus was uncertain, the transmission channel was uncertain, the toxicity was uncertain. In the face of uncertain factors, how can we make decisions according to law, science and order? We need our legal mechanism to be set up to be able to deal with uncertain factors. A sound system is not a dead system, but a solution to live and uncertain factors, " Wang said.

After the escalation of the epidemic, Wang Chenguang also participated in the epidemic prevention and control, in February 8, the National Health Commission adjusted the list of members of the Expert Group, Wang Chenguang is one of the two legal professionals. The "expert advice on amending the relevant provisions of the Law on Prevention and control of Infectious Diseases" was written by Wang Chenguang and 11 experts and scholars.

On March 1, the Party Group of the National Health Commission published an article in the latest issue of Qiushi magazine, proposing to push for the revision of laws and regulations such as the law on the prevention and control of infectious diseases and the regulations on emergency response to public health emergencies. A few days earlier, the Ministry of Justice issued an opinion, emphasizing the need to promote legislation and the legitimacy of the document review, timely revision of the Infectious Disease Prevention and treatment law and its implementation methods, emergency management regulations for public health emergencies.

It has been nearly 16 years since the last amendment to the law on the prevention and control of infectious diseases was made in 2004, after the SARS epidemic.

Also involved in the proposal to amend the Infectious Disease Prevention Law is Song Hualin, a professor at the Law School of Nankai University. He told the CAIJING reporter, it is suggested that the legislative aim of the law should be improved, the relationship between the law of Infectious Disease Prevention and control and related laws should be clarified, the mechanism and system of prevention and control should be established in a full cycle from prevention to response, the reporting and issuing procedure of epidemic situation information should be improved, the legal basis of prevention and control measures should be clarified, the legal liability provisions should be improved, and the definition of related concepts and terms should be clarified.

Who can give public warning?

The outbreak has been brewing for some time, but it was made public by a document that appeared on the Internet. On December 30,2019, "urgent notice on the treatment of pneumonia of unknown cause" went viral. The notice said that the south China Seafood Market in Wuhan had been suffering from pneumonia of unknown cause, please immediately check the statistics of nearly a week with similar characteristics of unexplained pneumonia patients, signed Wuhan Health Commission Medical Administration Department.

Soon, the authenticity of the document was confirmed by the media. The next day, the Wuhan Health and Health Commission for the first time issued a report of the situation of pneumonia: "No obvious human-to-human transmission, no medical staff infection. ".

On January 1,2020, the official Weibo account of the Wuhan Public Security Bureau announced that the Wuhan Municipal Health and Health Commission had issued an information circular on pneumonia cases, but some netizens had summoned and dealt with eight people for Publishing and forwarding false information without verification.

The situation was dire. CAIJING reporter learned that on January 3, a district in Wuhan held an emergency meeting on the prevention and control of viral pneumonia of unknown causes, Wuhan Health Commission called for a rapid entry into a state of war. But the public didn't know that at the time.

On January 11, the Wuhan Health Commission issued a circular again stressing that no medical staff infection had been found and no clear evidence of human-to-human transmission had been found. The COVID-19"does not rule out the possibility of limited human-to-human transmission, " but the virus "has a lower risk of sustained human-to-human transmission, " the Wuhan Health Commission said in a Jan. 15 announcement. But CAIJING learned that on January 11, Wuhan's Central Hospital alone received three suspected cases of infection among its staff, including an ophthalmologist, Li Wenliang.

When the law on the prevention and control of Infectious Diseases was amended in 2004, it was made clear that the state should establish an early warning system for infectious diseases. The law on the prevention and control of Infectious Diseases authorizes the Health Administration Department under the State Council and the provincial Government of the People's Republic of China to issue early warnings of infectious diseases in a timely manner, based on the forecast of the occurrence and epidemic trend of infectious diseases, and to make public such warnings in light of the situation.

In response, Zhu Tonghui, associate professor at the Law School of Nankai University, suggested that the early warning in laws and regulations such as the law on the prevention and control of infectious diseases should be clearly defined as "external early warning, " detailing the conditions and circumstances under which external early warning is issued, to improve timeliness and transparency.

Song Hualin told Caijing that the early warning system refers to the analysis and assessment of an infectious disease or disease of unknown origin based on the epidemic situation report, monitoring data, or international and domestic epidemic situation information, to the possible cause of infectious diseases in the crowd, outbreak, epidemic warning messages issued, and take response measures. "This outbreak has exposed some problems in the issuance of China's infectious disease alert system, such as whether it is possible in the future to grant national and Provincial Disease Prevention and control agencies the power to alert and make public the outbreak, and let 'people who can hear the sound of gunfire' direct the issuance. "

Song Hualin suggested that the law should be amended to improve the Early Warning System, clear the contents of early warning of infectious diseases, clear early warning information disclosure system. He believes that when a particular infectious disease is reported or a certain number of cases are accumulated, the discretion of the executive branch should be curtailed and an early warning must be issued for risk prevention purposes. He suggested that, when the outbreak of infectious diseases, epidemic, should be granted to the provincial health administration departments, provincial disease prevention and control institutions to the community to release information on the epidemic of infectious diseases in their administrative areas.

In the face of a major epidemic, disease prevention and control agencies to undertake what kind of mission? On February 27, Zhong Nanshan, head of the High Level Expert Group of the respiratory disease and director of the National Center for Clinical Research, said at a news conference in response to the exposure of the disease in the prevention and control of institutional mechanisms and other areas of weakness, "The CDC [ Centers for Disease Control and Prevention ] needs to be elevated and have some executive authority, " he said.

The strain was officially isolated on Jan. 3,2020, and reported to the local and National CDC, Zhong Nanshan said, "I think our CDC position is too low, " he said. "CDC is a technical department under the HHC, and the special status of CDC is not given enough attention. In the United States, in many countries, the CDC is directly in the center, does not need to step by step declaration, even in special cases can be directly to the community bulletin, but China is not, is a level one level."

The CDC is a public welfare institution in China, which has long been short of financial input. Since the deepening of institutional reform in 2018, some provinces have integrated various public institutions, including the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention, breaking the top-down chain of the disease control system.

Wang Chenguang said that at present, the CDC's functional positioning and responsibilities are not clear, the CDC's positioning in the new round of institutional reform process has yet to be straightened out.

What do I do if the alarm system fails?

The law on the prevention and control of infectious diseases, on the system of "report, notification and publication of Epidemic Situation" , stipulates the principle of territorial administration, requiring any unit or individual to, in accordance with the administrative administrative area after discovering patients suffering from infectious diseases, timely reporting to the local county-level disease prevention and control institutions, and then by the county-level disease prevention and control institutions level by level or direct reporting.

After the SARS epidemic in 2003, the central and local governments jointly invested about 730 million yuan to establish a National Information System for monitoring infectious diseases and Public Health Emergencies (hereinafter referred to as the direct reporting system on the Internet) .

The direct online reporting system is one of China's means of preventing infectious diseases and public health emergencies, and should have provided information support for early detection, investigation and treatment. But it didn't work for the first 28 days after the outbreak (see CAIJING's Feb. 25 report: Why did it fail for 28 days after a $730 million investment in the online reporting system for infectious diseases?) , before the new feature went live on Jan. 24, the outbreak was reported mainly by word of mouth, mail and telephone.

Song Hualin said that the current law does not stipulate the role of informatization, big data and artificial intelligence in epidemic reporting and notification, and suggested that the legal status of infectious disease monitoring and reporting information system should be clarified in the amendment of the law, strengthen the role of specialized disease prevention and control institutions at all levels in information collection and dissemination.

The current law on the prevention and Control of infectious diseases stipulates that disease prevention and control institutions shall, on their own initiative, collect, analyse, investigate and verify information on epidemic situations of infectious diseases. The Agency for Disease Prevention and control shall establish or designate special departments and personnel to be responsible for the information management of epidemic situation of infectious diseases, and verify and analyze reports of epidemic situation in a timely manner.

At present, the information on the epidemic situation of infectious diseases from the World Health Organization comes from two sources, "One is official channels, about 30 per cent; the other is informal channels, 70 per cent. The World Health Organization (who) stressed that full attention should be paid to all kinds of information,"explained Zhu Xiangyuan, then a member of the Standing Committee of the National People's Congress (NPC) , in his 2004 edition of the interpretation of the law on the prevention and control of infectious diseases.

Wang Chenguang suggested that, while truly improving and giving full play to the functions of the direct reporting and reporting system, information on infectious diseases should not be concentrated on one official channel, but should be better integrated with information from all channels in society. He argued that different sources of information in society "should be brought under one authority after all. The purpose of bringing such information under one authority is to provide early warning, focus analysis, judgment and whether or not to activate a state of emergency. "

Wang Chenguang believes that it is necessary to guard against false information in information collection, but the information of professionals can not be ignored. In addition, there should be rewards for those who dare to report, "If the system is to be effective, there must be a reward for those who do it, and if they are punished, who do you think will do it? "

"We should put the people's safety and health first. Different information should be able to enter the decision-making bodies in an orderly manner, which is one aspect of the next revision of the law that we propose,"Wang told CAIJING.

Local governments have no right to disclose the outbreak?

"All parties are not satisfied with the disclosure of our information, " Mayor Zhou Xianwang of Wuhan said in an interview with CCTV on Jan. 27, "The timing of the disclosure, you have to understand, because it's an infectious disease, and infectious diseases have an infectious disease prevention law, and it had to be disclosed legally, and as a local government, I couldn't disclose it until I got this information and authorized it, so that was something that a lot of [ people ] didn't understand at the time. "

Is it necessary to authorize the release of epidemic information? In response, the law on the prevention and control of Infectious Diseases directly stipulates that when infectious diseases break out or become epidemic, the Health Administration Department under the State Council shall be responsible for releasing information on infectious diseases to the public, it may also authorize the Government of the People's Republic of China of a province, autonomous region or municipality directly under the central government to make public information on the epidemic situation of infectious diseases in its administrative area.

Song Hualin explained that this involves how to understand the understanding and application of Article 38 of the Law on Prevention and control of infectious diseases. Article 38, paragraph 3, of the Law on the prevention and Control of infectious diseases stipulates that "in the event of an outbreak or epidemic of an infectious disease, " The Health Administration Department under the State Council "May authorize the Government of the People's Republic of China Health Administration Department of a province, autonomous region or municipality directly under the central government to release to the public information on the epidemic situation of infectious diseases in its administrative area, " but it can not therefore conclude that, faced with a new, unknown epidemic, local governments have no right to release any information.

Article 38, paragraph 2, also stipulates that the Government of the People's Republic of China of provinces, autonomous regions and municipalities shall regularly publish information on the epidemic situation of infectious diseases in their respective administrative areas, Song said. Therefore, he believes that the provincial health administration department has the power to release information on the epidemic situation of infectious diseases within its own administrative area, and the provincial health administration department has the power to do so whether or not "an outbreak or an epidemic of infectious diseases" occurs, iNFORMATION ON EPIDEMIC SITUATION OF INFECTIOUS DISEASES should be released promptly and accurately.

In addition, the current "Law on the prevention and control of infectious diseases" provides for an early warning system for infectious diseases, making it clear that provincial governments "shall issue early warning for infectious diseases in a timely manner according to the forecast of the occurrence and epidemic trend of infectious diseases, and shall make public the early warning of infectious diseases according to the circumstances" , "This gives provincial governments the power to issue and publish warnings. "

"The release of information on Epidemic Situation of infectious diseases should be timely and accurate, which is clearly required by the law on the prevention and control of infectious diseases, " Wang said, stressing that article 38 of the law should be accurately understood and applied.

In addition, the Ministry of Health revised the Official infectious in 2006, Wang told CAIJING, authorizing the health administrative departments of provinces, autonomous regions and municipalities directly under the central government, in the event of an outbreak or epidemic of infectious diseases or other public health emergencies within their respective administrative areas, timely and accurate dissemination of information on Official infectious and public health emergencies within its jurisdiction.

"The law is not clear, the operation is not strong, the details are not enough. The specific subject, authority, procedures, methods, etc. are not very clear. It is estimated that not many people pay attention to a departmental regulation of the Ministry of Health in an emergency situation,"Wang said,

Song Hualin also pointed out that Chapter 3 of the Law on the prevention and control of infectious diseases provides for epidemic reporting and notification, which is the reporting, issuing and sharing of information between administrative systems, with only one provision providing for the information disclosure system of infectious diseases. He recommended that the law be amended to clarify the power of national and Provincial Disease Prevention and control agencies to release information. He also recommended that the content of the information about the epidemic be clarified, including the nature and causes of the epidemic, the place and scope of the epidemic; The outbreak of the epidemic, casualties and the scope of personnel involved; epidemic treatment measures and control, etc. .

What happens after the siege?

In the early hours of January 23,2020, Wuhan declared the city closed. From 10:00 on the same day, the city bus, subway, ferry, long-distance passenger transport suspended operations; no special reason, the public can not leave Wuhan, the airport, railway station from the Han Channel temporarily closed.

Wang Chenguang pointed out that the commonly known as "city closure" is not a legal term, "infectious disease prevention and Control Law" in the epidemic control chapter stipulates that the closure of places that may cause the spread of Infectious Diseases, the blockade of epidemic areas. In the emergency measures, the Emergency Response Law provides for closing or restricting the use of places that are vulnerable to emergencies and controlling or restricting the activities of public places that are vulnerable to the expansion of hazards; Other necessary preventive and protective measures as stipulated by laws, regulations and rules.

Wang further explained that the laws relating to the emergency response to infectious diseases and public health incidents were not compatible, that the time of enactment and the purpose of legislation were different, and that the legal provisions were not detailed and the operability was not strong, these problems have been exposed in the response to the outbreak. This time, for example, the authorities did not declare Wuhan or Hubei an epidemic area, but only declared that the Hubei provincial government had launched a level 2(later changed to a level 1) emergency response to a public health emergency and entered a state of war.

Song Hualin also believes that Wuhan is in fact adopted a "blockade" , but did not declare Wuhan as an epidemic area according to law, which is a legal defect.

At the beginning of the city closure, Wuhan was faced with the shortage of medical protection materials, the inconvenience of residents'life and the difficulty of material transportation.

Song Hualin told Caijing that the chapter on "epidemic control" in the law on the prevention and Control of Infectious Diseases discusses more about how to control the epidemic situation. The procedural aspects only stipulate the announcement procedure, but do not specify how long in advance it must be, there is no provision for the protection of the rights and interests of the parties at the time control measures are taken.

"At present, it is more about control, more about the pursuit of public order and public interest, with the goal of 'controlling and eliminating the occurrence and prevalence of infectious diseases' as soon as possible, " he said. "The compensation for the restriction of civil liberties and property rights, the protection of procedural rights, and the Protection of citizens' right to life during the period of control measures are all vague. "

Therefore, Song Hualin suggested that in the future when the law is amended, it should be clear in the outbreak of infectious diseases, epidemic, to take urgent measures procedures, clear government and relevant departments have the obligation to protect the basic life of citizens.

(China business reporter Xin NA contributed to this report.)

[ copyright statement ] the copyright in this work is exclusively owned by CAIJING. Shenzhen tencent Computer System Co. , Ltd. is authorized to enjoy the exclusive right of information network dissemination.

Read more about the outbreak in pictures

Editor in chief | Lilijiang Jiang Jiang@caijing. COM.CN
This is an original article from CAIJING magazine, which can not be reproduced or mirrored without authorization. For reprinting, please leave a message at the end of the article to request and obtain authorization.

Editor in chief | Lilijiang Jiang Jiang@caijing. COM.CN

This is an original article from CAIJING magazine, which can not be reproduced or mirrored without authorization. For reprinting, please leave a message at the end of the article to request and obtain authorization.

Go to "discover"-"take a look" browse "friends watching"

Sent

####Send it to take a look

Sending

A scan of wechat
Pay attention to the account


-------------
title: WHO has the authority to release information about the outbreak? EXPERTS CALL FOR REVISION OF INFECTIOUS DISEASE PREVENTION LAW
source: cai-jing-za-zhi-/-cai-jing-shi-yi-ren
authors: _
editors: _
proofreader: _
photographer: _
translator: _
via: https://github.com/2019ncovmemory/nCovMemory
link: https://mp.weixin.qq.com/s/08tT7wIa8GvLMNK3iUpVqw
archive: http://archive.today/Rq6YW
snapshot: https://github.com/2019ncovmemory/nCovMemory/blob/master/archive/jpg/3469.jpg
lead: The last revision of the law on the prevention and control of infectious diseases was in 2004 after the SARS epidemic, and the new outbreak of pneumonia has exposed some shortcomings and deficiencies in the law, experts suggest that the revision involves the release of Early Warning Information and the blockade of epidemic areas and other aspects
cover: data:image/jpeg;base64,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
