##The 12th floor is clear

Wechat, bingdianweekly

Features, China Youth Daily's in depth reporting brand. We believe that news has more than one day of life.

On February 18, Dou Li, head nurse of Hemodialysis Center of the Second Affiliated Hospital of Xinjiang Medical University, came to the Eastern Hospital of Wuhan University People's Hospital to support her. China Youth Daily, China Youth Daily Reporter, Li Junhui / photo

This article is about 4799 words long

Estimated reading time: 12 minutes

Author | Zhongqingbao Zhongqing.com reporter, Geng Xueqing

Editor | Chen Zhuo

There's nothing special about the 12th floor. In the No. 5 inpatient building in the East courtyard of Wuhan University People's Hospital, this is just an ordinary floor.

The 70-meter-high Gray residential building has nearly a thousand windows, and the windows on the 12th floor are submerged in it. I can't tell the difference between them and the other windows, especially when the curtains are down.

It's a sign of war on the horizon -- patients with pneumonia are living behind these windows, and the virus can stick to the curtains, which is dangerous for medical staff.

On January 25, the Eastern District of Wuda People's Hospital was designated as a designated hospital for new pneumonia patients. After 5 days, the design was completed and the temporary 400 beds were quickly filled. Soon, here received "3 hours to complete ward preparation, transfer of patients with mild illness, ready to receive patients with severe illness, " the order, 400 beds, became 800.

This is almost the front line in the fight against the epidemic. Wu Da People's Hospital Vice President, East Hospital District Epidemic Prevention and Control Commander Zhang Bing Hong said that the day of admission of patients in the hospital "fighting for more than 10 hours, braving the rain, are drenched. ". Not only to train medical care, reform the ward, receive patients, but also to coordinate materials, logistics supply, Zhang bing-hong did not sleep for more than 30 hours, received more than 300 phone calls, until the phone battery ran out, "people can not hold on. ".

February 18, Wuhan University People's Hospital East Hospital, the corridor of the Intensive Care Unit, two nurses into the ward to check dispensing. China Youth Daily, China Youth Daily Reporter, Li Junhui / photo

Twelve medical teams from all over the country came here for support, including doctors from Xinjiang, Shaanxi, Shandong, Shanghai... when the doctors from Shanghai came to support us, a deputy director said that in the past 10-plus days, a maximum of two hours of sleep per day, "please forgive me if I have a pause in my speech or if I am not thinking clearly. "

Eventually, the Shanghai medical team took over the 11th and 13th floors of building 5. "What about the 12th floor? " One member asked

They were told that the medics on the 12th floor were reluctant to evacuate. It's still guarded by the People's hospital staff, as usual, nothing special.

1

Many people later learned that the 12th floor was a "system-preserved" Ward for a small number of health care workers during that time.

For the first few days, seven doctors and 12 nurses kept the 12th floor running. Many of them have become accustomed to working on the 12th floor, which serves as a cardiovascular ward. This is the first time they have put on a protective suit and goggles.

To ensure airtight protection, goggles and mask edge to tight compaction, and then with adhesive tape. Time is long, the person's cheek, the neck is pressed blisters, blisters will appear after the burst ulcers.

When we first started seeing patients, we were understaffed, and the nurses wore protective suits to work six to eight hours a day in the patient area. If you can't hold on, take off the rest and let the others go. Take off goggles rub to ulcer place, the nurse in the mouth can not help but feel painful"hissing".

The Sick Bay hallway is over 30 meters long. After putting on the protective clothing, walking here "looks like a long run" . Someone who "stands still is out of breath" . There are people goggles fog, beads of water to cover the line of sight, can only rely on refraction into the light, by feeling groping in the ward.

On Feb. 18, nurses who were about to enter the contaminated area of the East Hospital of Wuhan University People's Hospital helped each other and put on protective clothing. China Youth Daily, China Youth Daily Reporter, Li Junhui

Yu Li Lei, the chief of cardiology who has been working on the 12th floor, is also wearing a protective suit for the first time. His father is a respiratory doctor, 2003 in Hubei Xiaogan battle in the "SARS" prevention and control front line. Back then, my father was an astronaut in a suit, and now he knows for the first time, "that suit still hurts. ".

Originally, Yu Li radium did not want to learn a major with his father, just chose cardiovascular medicine. But he did not expect, a new epidemic came, he took up the same job as his father.

Everything on the 12th floor, including dilithium and radium, had to adapt quickly to such changes. On 25 January, the hospital was identified as the designated hospital for the treatment of new cases of pneumonia.

It was the first day of the Lunar New Year, and the hardest part of the transformation that followed was the shortage of workers. Zhang said, "to 6000 yuan a work can not find a person, " the hospital to the Fire Mountain Hospital site "borrow people, " sent a car to pick up workers, just completed on time.

January 30, the 12th floor of the National Health Commission through the acceptance of relevant experts, the designated hospital as the 21st Ward. On the same day, the hospital was notified of the patient's arrival, but there were only two Hazmat suits on the entire 12th floor.

Yu Li and Liu Wei, the head nurse, asked the rest of the staff to stay in the clean area. They put on the suits, checked each other's tightness, and walked into the buffer zone.

2

Even now, the conditions on the 12th floor are not excellent. The director's office became the dressing room and the flushing room, and the clinical classroom became the dining room. Across the corridor from the ward, a medical screen opens into a "cloakroom" -- a place for coats and shoes as medical staff arrive from their homes or dormitories. Four or five discarded cardboard boxes across at least, is a "shoe rack. ".

A door separating the contaminated and clean zones is hard to secure -- a final door to install, as workers rush to install the lock and handle before the new pneumonia patients arrive. Left this door nailed to the 12th floor with the paramedics for over a month.

"This is the best we can do under the current conditions during the Lunar New Year, " Yu said. "It's a bit crude, but this battle fortress can ensure the safety of medical staff to the maximum extent possible. "

As of March 9, a total of 75 critically ill patients had been admitted to the 12th floor, 23 of whom had been discharged from the hospital and 11 of whom had been transferred after being treated for minor illnesses.

When patients arrive at the hospital, Liu Wei says, they are often frightened. "It's like a drowning swimmer grasping at straws. That's what it feels like. ".

Some people shiver when asked about the course of the disease, others skip meals in fear, and some refuse to breathe or hold their breath while Oxygenation oxygen masks are lowered.

On the 12th floor, the first thing nurses do is comfort. They always start the rounds with a blessing. The blessing was printed on A4 paper, and Yu Li Lei selected a typeface that looked like handwriting. There were 20 sets.

Tseng yuet-lan received such blessings. The woman, who is in her 70s, was diagnosed with new coronary pneumonia on February 1. Before that, she only went to the market on January 19th, and came back with a fever over 100.

On the first day of the New Year, she went to the seventh people's Hospital in Wuhan. There was a long line to get in, an hour or more to get in, an hour or more to get my temperature checked, and then an hour or more to get to the hallway leading to the doctor's office.

She went home because she was afraid she'd get infected in the clinic. After waiting at home for six days, her high fever never subsided. On January 31, she had to go to Wuhan University People's Hospital again. The next day, she got the result of the diagnosis.

The Eastern Hospital of the People's Hospital had just been vacated and was receiving patients. Until now Zeng Yuelan all remembers the doctor to tell her, you hurry up to come over, we wait for you here.

Liu Wei was the first person she saw at the hospital. Liu Wei told her, "Auntie, just imagine you have a bad cold. Don't be nervous at all. You must be cheerful and cooperate with the doctor. You'll be fine. "

Later, more and more of these blessings were given away. On February 5, the Eastern Hospital of the People's Hospital was identified as a designated treatment hospital for severe cases of new coronary pneumonia, with beds to be expanded to 800 on the same day.

Liu Wei followed the incoming patients from room to room, initially worried that the incoming patients would have a problem, but everyone was supportive.

"For the seriously ill, one bed is a life, " Ms. Zeng said. "I can't move in now, and I can imagine how difficult it is for those who can't. "

The 12th floor is starting to get crowded. That night, until about 1:00 the next day, Zeng heard a lot of people running outside the ward, shouting, there is the sound of moving equipment, the sound of moving the bed, the sound of familiar doctors, nurses, there are not heard voices.

It's the most tiring day on the 12th floor. All the doctors and nurses were on emergency duty, wearing protective clothing to put away the beds and equipment back to the ward.

Two extra beds in each of the 16 wards. On the same day, a total of 268 patients with severe NCP were admitted to the Eastern Hospital of the People's Hospital.

At the same time, medical teams from all over the country are rushing to the aid of Wuhan. Tseng yuet-lan saw on the news that the hospital was to be taken over by the medical team coming to support it.

Zeng Yuelan worried that the 12th floor doctors and nurses will not be transferred, she was in the nurse rounds quietly asked, "how, you go? "

"We're not leaving, " Liu Wei replied. "Don't worry. I'm not leaving, and neither is director Yu. We're responsible for our patients to the end. "

3

"We probably have a whole system here, " Ms. Yu said. And according to Ms. Yu, a medical team is most familiar with treating so many patients, "It would be easier for them to recover and get out of the hospital if we had them. "

With 12 medical teams and 1,600 people stationed in the East Hospital of the People's Hospital, medical care from other departments of the hospital merged to support the 12th floor, plus people from Xinjiang support, there are 49 nurses and 17 doctors on the 12th floor.

Dou Li from the Xinjiang Medical University entered the 12th floor on February 10. In 2003"SARS" period, Dou Li also in the first line of nursing. The pressure sores on the nurses' faces reminded her of herself and her colleagues back in the day. "The pressure bubbles burst and then they get better and then they get pressed into new bubbles. "

Girls like band-aids and pressure-relief Patches donated by well-wishers to relieve some of the pressure. Dou Li's hospital sent a batch of pressure-relief patches and glue-stripping sprays from Xinjiang. But in the beginning they had "nothing, just deep pressure" .

Nurses wear protective gear as they enter the contaminated area of the East Hospital of Wuhan University People's Hospital on Feb. 18. China Youth Daily, China Youth Daily Reporter, Li Junhui / photo

In protective clothing, people will be a lot of sweat, in the patient area 4 hours do not need to go to the toilet, water "from the sweat gland has been exhausted. ". When they came out, they were so thirsty that some nurses would take 500 ml of water and "just pour it in a bottle" .

Every day, the nurses crouch down to see if they have a leak. If the suit bulges up like "Baymax" in Big Hero 6, it's fine.

But not all the time. When Changning, a 23 year old nurse, was on duty, she found a hole the size of a grain of rice in the leg of her protective suit in the sick area. By this time, she had been in for over an hour.

In an "exposed" emergency procedure, Dou Li disinfected all of Changning's clothes in the buffer zone, then had her go to the rinse room for a half-hour long bath.

Changning, get back to your quarters and quarantine. Luckily for her, the rest of the suit was well protected and sanitized in time, with no abnormalities in two weeks.

"there was a quality issue with the suit, " Ms. Dou said. It could be one in a hundred. But in the field of infectious disease prevention, if one person falls, it is possible that the entire team will be isolated, resulting in a greater human resource shortage.

On the 12th floor, the original nurses and foreign aid were divided into groups of four to five people. Each group was asked to go back to rest for five days after completing a set of shifts

"It's really good for everyone to keep their distance, and to keep the team intact, keep your colleagues as 'infected' at all times, so that everyone can keep an eye on each other, " Yu said.

Fortunately, all the doctors and nurses on the 12th floor have not been infected since the outbreak began.

4

More than a month later, some of the facilities on the 12th floor were beginning to fall under the strain. The door, which had not been fitted with locks, was out of shape.

In the past, people have tried all kinds of ways to fix it. It started with two hooks and a rubber band, but as soon as the wind blew, the hook broke. Later, Xiong Yong, deputy commander of the Xinguan pneumonia epidemic prevention and Control Command in the Eastern District of Wuda People's Hospital, took an electric drill and installed an old style iron bolt on the door to solve the problem.

Now, after the deformation of it is a bit loose, this is a high requirement for the Airtight Infectious Disease Ward is "Taboo" , the hospital logistics master rushed to play a layer of seal in the door crack. It'll keep the 12th floor going for a while longer.

So are the paramedics who come and go through this door. For more than a month, the nurses here have worn a variety of protective clothing. In the corridor of the equipment table, they laughed that "the world's brands have been through, always in the forefront of fashion. ".

Their favorite is the one with the foot cover, which zips up to cover half of the face, "and doesn't have to press down on the face to tighten the mask. "

On Feb. 18, doctors and nurses in the East courtyard of Wuhan University People's Hospital, about to enter the contaminated area, were wearing protective gear. China Youth Daily, China Youth Daily Reporter, Li Junhui

Dou Li said that the female nurses do not want to take photos after taking off their protective clothing, "I think it is too ugly" , are plain face to the sky, face ulcers, ligature marks. But, she jokes, "it's also about saving on cosmetics. "

Zhou jue-xiu was the youngest nurse here. She arrived on the 12th floor in August 2019. When she was in school, she didn't touch the suit. She learned to wear protective clothing for the first time when a row of people on the 12th floor looked at her, pointed out her mistakes and pointed her out while practicing before a patient with new crown pneumonia arrived. And then, for more than a month.

The soon-to-be 22-year-old hopes to have milk tea and fried chicken on her birthday, not far from the Guanggu pedestrian street. With less than a month to go, she didn't know if she could make it happen.

Yu Changzhen, a 57-year-old care worker, looked forward to the day as much as Juexiu. She and the staff had been working together for more than a month when a new patient with coronary pneumonia, who lived on the 12th floor, died of a heart attack. To the ward to wipe the floor, Yu Changzhen was very afraid, "my children have not married, my husband is also old, I am at this age (something happened) afraid of their bodies can not bear. "

She starts cleaning the sick area at 9:00 a.m. Sharp. Once inside, Yu collected trash from every room and hallway. Each day, more than 20 bags of trash could be removed. One by one, she would drag it to the dirt exit, where a driver would drive it away. She scrubbed the floor with a mop soaked in disinfectant.

Unless the waist acid, she dare not stop to rest, she was afraid of "waiting time long infection" , "that floor to rush off, nearly three hours. "

The child called and said, "the news I saw on the Internet is scary. Mom, you come back. " Yu chang-zhen comforted him. "Mom is not afraid, mom is doing things. "

Her home was in a neighborhood across the street from the hospital, with a husband who couldn't cook and a son who didn't have a family. She herself lives in a hospital dormitory and, unable to make video calls on her smartphone, has not seen them in a month. Yu hopes the outbreak will be over soon and she can go home soon.

Produced by China Youth Daily

Editor of Wechat | Chen Yinan

If you think it looks good, click here

Go to "discover"-"take a look" browse "friends watching"

Sent

####Send it to take a look

Sending

A scan of wechat
Pay attention to the account


-------------
title: The 12th floor is clear
source: FREEZING POINT
authors: _
editors: _
proofreader: _
photographer: _
translator: _
via: https://github.com/2019ncovmemory/nCovMemory
link: https://mp.weixin.qq.com/s/9vCDzV99coudO1kXnzaWeA
archive: https://archive.li/5QAZo
snapshot: https://github.com/2019ncovmemory/nCovMemory/blob/master/archive/jpg/3373.jpg
lead: It just became a place for new severe cases of coronary pneumonia.
cover: data:image/jpeg;base64,/9j/4AAQSkZJRgABAQAAAQABAAD/2wBDAAYEBQYFBAYGBQYHBwYIChAKCgkJChQODwwQFxQYGBcUFhYaHSUfGhsjHBYWICwgIyYnKSopGR8tMC0oMCUoKSj/2wBDAQcHBwoIChMKChMoGhYaKCgoKCgoKCgoKCgoKCgoKCgoKCgoKCgoKCgoKCgoKCgoKCgoKCgoKCgoKCgoKCgoKCj/wAARCADLAeADASIAAhEBAxEB/8QAHAAAAgMBAQEBAAAAAAAAAAAAAwUCBAYBBwAI/8QATxAAAQMCAgUGCgcEBwcFAQAAAQACAwQRBSEGEjFBcRMiMlFhsQcUIzM0cnOBkcEkJTVCYqGyFVKC0Sc3U2OSwvAmNkNEZHSiF4Oz4fGE/8QAGgEAAwEBAQEAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAECAwQFBv/EACQRAQEAAgICAQQDAQAAAAAAAAABAhEDMRIhQQQTIjIUQlEj/9oADAMBAAIRAxEAPwD8/HcqdU29RTA7C8K4VVrOnTn+8CxhmMg8o/iutC+ePKO4rqnZx3V6l1w8meCkNgXH9AoCgVQxEcxvv70wKX4lkxn+t61SNgYvXMPVc/ku4qfp8g6g0fkpaPj6ST1MchYib183rWUzswApNGY4qKm3dxTtJ6B4KRask4u7gvZKBvNbxXjvgpF6x/8AH3Bez0Dea1Oe1TR9Tt8mrrUCnb5NGvbJLJUVps7rA6VOvOeC30uRJ3WXnulWVSVmpg8XF6Ks69QrP6GucMbp4pb62ZBGx4sVosW9DrPZlJNFx9fYf7JyV6Qc6cVMtJRNzd4s+7ZRYEbBZeROBubZ55L1DwnzmKnoha7S9xcDsIyyK83bybqq4jHJud0L5Z9q04uk3tXF92aKKeRsAnDCY9bU1hsDuo+5GxanZR4lVU0TnOZFIWgu25K1E62jE2e2sYOPk3KyU4HCz9ax6uzgrdO+7bNuG7OKoAm5d2qxFKQCGdW3eEqIZPN4W2d96xA3IkLWvdFC+obTh4dz3AkHIgBV4G+ShDALnW2787BCxA85wJzjFrdRCxk/Ivk0lxB80EUTYY44mgNLIidVxGWtn8bhVKqeMuHi5eLDnEnWz7EsZITeMEgA7OOaI+QDom5GzsV6U5MQ15cHZHcgOsWk3Kk4jWcShE5Z5i6skDmLZ2ULdW5E91l8BZMIMG/7ynbeTZdtbOy60Am98roEexaERfU9EbZck3uTuqZa5GxLtCmEYLQawB8izP3JrVjNy5b20hO/pFCxIkYPWFu0QuIyvnZGkbzigYplg1acz5B+zbsVQbZTRAvbDWxSN1X63KEE5nWG07ty9Qi6A4BeUaGvc6qrhIRrmFriNa5C9ZgHMbwCu9piwwZBFDbhQYMlYA5qRs7iFxp+8dcP+Vqs419l1nsndyDiY/pBk7If8jUfGvsys9i7uSpx55o5liDeC+8IWUjvb/5V9o6PrFnqr7whDyr/AG4/SnCrInaUGTejHaUKQZOVRBjgQtAn8PmhwSDA/Me+yfw+bBSvZ49JEZKBARNygUj2TaR+is9Y9yfaPgeIMA25JDpJlSR+se5aLRwAULCRnu+C34+meRVi3nari5K6EWZT+uU0xW+vU/xJZRdCn9YrK91bTwDmKYXIM2LpCk2UOwqnWnOAnYHhXNyqVzcozkOdkqgM3uBkdbZdSbmUE9I22Ise1SIIuPHMK6vng8mUEoNzVDFB5Nn+t6YtyS/FOg3ge9XiS1gAtLPbcz5hVas61XMTtLyrWBA3lI6gPzVF51pHn8R70fJvgps6Q4hRapN6Q4hOk9D8E4vWP/j7gvacObkOK8Z8EmdY/wDj7gvbMObkEY9KaGnb5JcquZs6lYpG3jCp4m7UHWjLo4rG7g5YHSv0k8F6DFzmX61gdLhaqNhlZRpTA4wbUdZ6hSfRYauO0F/7JycYsL0db2RkpLou4/t+l6uSPcVN6SJ4VSOQoe17h+S8/pxeeMfjGfvXo3hNfGKGjD4y95kdqnWsBkvOqW5q4dWw57e9aYdF8rGkJvj2JX2+MPH5lTisNHJDcZVjNvs3IuOVskeOYgKezGCokABY1x6R2khPcSn5LQ7CZixhLpRyg1G55P7FRT5Y90mu9zg0NBN7BRB1VJxfNM5wDWEknZYAcApTQ6hYGu1g4Wvssd6ZdHWGtu+IPzAa24+LkmlmdPK97rc5xdbinUb+RpqyVrbta12rw6IWfDznzcrKZDcuQ5tjztXapCXdlcbUMAkAm4tzQuhpcbgZqtEITcklcLtYWzyUXC5vYfFcudneUaD69stykBltTfAMOjqdeerF4WG2pe2se07gtcw4dHR2bDAx4ORMYAI4ZkrbDhtnlenPyfUTHLxx9153ZSb0T1Lf1ujMOI4RUVFHAI54m651GkB3ZbuXn+sRcZ+/eo5OO4NOLl+78aeuYXjlFgmjmHOqnkyPp2FkTM3Oy29g7UbAMbnxp08sjWRxaxDI252sBtO9Y/HaVsmC4dUB5bJFQRWHXmU68HztahfzGssSObvy2ntXJqWWxtGgk84VXxdrnYNXNbtMLwPgVYf019VQuqcPnhjNnyMLAdtiUYnp59ofC+HEZ+VN3Ppr/nb5L2KEWa3gFhqTRlmCUvLulfLUSXY5zzsFibW3ZreQNOo2/UFpld0oswjJFtkoRBGDea7gpVpnsUH9IM3sB+hiJjP2bWeyd3LmLi3hCl9gP/jYu4z9mVnsndyV6EefaOD6yZwUvCEPKv8Abj9K5ozniTOC74RBaV1v7cfpThXpjj0jxQpei5FIzPFDm6JVIXsD8x71oYR5IJBgY+jrQRZRhGRxPYENyLuUCDdSZHpKPojD+I9yf6OO1qGO/V8kh0n9DZ6x7k8wB1qGLh8l0cXTPJQxPpVP8SVUObKe/wC8U1xI3NSfWSuh6FP65WNW1NP0Pcp9a5B5uy7eyk2SVTEdkHY8K4Bmq2JANFPbe8KoKuOtrG2aMwb0FgyR4+ilREgpO82VwKTvNngkReNqo4sPJt/1vV8Khi3QYdx/mtMSW8DyilPa1LQdqZYSdWhlOzP5JYOiEvkJtUmZvHFQCnH5xvFFD0vwQtvVScX9wXtuHMyC8W8DwvUTcX9wXuGHN5rU8VfDQ0bfIhJ9I3FjSn1G3yIWd0w5sb7dSeU9Ce3MOcXU4J6lhNMnhtUL7DktxgjtagYduQXn2mct522tcPt3qL0pi8VN6Osts5MpLo1ljNI7eYyO9N61xfR1o3mOyVaMRudjtDEQWuLSMxe3uUDT7woH6LQW3SO/SsngWCYniVRE6ioppGB4cX2s3b1nJe6SYFQyck+rp2VUkdyx0ouB183YrXJBrQ0ABo2AbAqmWoJi87h8HbarFKuqxKs1Y5Z3yNjgGdi4kXcePUtY3RLB5qOPD5YHSUsIaY7vdk46wOd+1N3M3gZrgJbsJBS3aqSMBpPoNh1FhtZXUL5oX07HExF2u1262eYXnWpyj4WkZa3yv8l73pA3xzA8TDhz3U77gb8tv5LwujiMkErwMmgC53F2XzKeFt7RmNWP5LBnAdJ5Y2/xcfkkTjZ125BPNIi1sNPC21y5z+4D5pFmARmtMeku3vY7v9bUSPLZsO1Cba5zNzuU27LdW9Okk4bxbtXJGs5Fhba5vcdWa5ckDqXHZHsTDTYU10eH0rIRrSTvPNvY7bXHWdtk2xWERVTYImu1QOdJq3sRuPwSPRqtvNT0sjQ68gEbiLlt+r3rdYi+YGMOMjXPBDrOF+1PLed8fhOHhxy5a9tToRVyw4bDDJSSNjxakmcHckdRuoS0NudpJzy2L8/vzLrkE9fWv2Z4JJ2UmgNJUV1nUlLPUS6znCzWDbdp3E3tZfj/ABudlZjFfUxBrY5Z5HtDBqgAuJAA3CyMsLhPdV9ycnuRqdIJDFgNBq7X0MDT8XFNPB2fq+X2jv0hKdInD9hUAc2/0KAA9RBcmng7P0GS39of0rny6VNNK488iys0R8o3iqx6RVilPPbxCmVXw5jzXCkaXm95XEdnNK0MXQbbqCz2kB+hxi4J1ze3qlaKAXY3gFRRZiCNbmngVCMbEUizDwKFM7jP9Ykv/bj9DFzGs8MrPZO7l3Gf6w5v+3H/AMbFzGPsys9k7uSqWA0ZyxJh7F3wh9N/tx+lfaM/aLOC74ROk724/SnBWOO9Ck6JRiMygy7CriDHAh9HT+MXiakGBejrQQ+aall2cFtdoUSD1IoF2rhAG1OSEQaTj6Iz1j3JpgnokVks0qNqOK37x7k1wMfQIjwW3GjKqeIbKgdesldBspvXKa4jsqP4kqw/MU3rlY5NGrg6F1LryUafoKXWpNkWkAoGKWtBb94IgQMQ2QeunAvMRm7UBm1Gad6VEFapO82eCi3NSf5s8Ego2yS/FvNs9/emIOaX4sfJM7Qe9axK3QtAwqUnLpdyVNTWHm4K/tDv5JUxKARqkzpg9vzURuU27RxU0PUPA2b1c/F3cF7lhw5jeK8M8Dfpk3F3cF7rhvm28VeEV8NPRjySzOmgtDJwWnpcorrNaaZ00lv3VVhRV0cN6FvuXluk84dVusejIfmvUNGDeib1ZLxzHpHOxGqacwJXj8yssvS4WTn6NUkbbfNV9GnX0uoidpJ+aPMD4lUm/wB35qroqf8AaigJCg3qu5DcLomxUK3FKOkOrNM3lP7NgLnfAI7VtZIyUC3ad3WkFTj88jrUkDYxufMbk/wj+axelGks1JUeLTtdVPO+V1oxfqYLDfvuqxx2m3TfV2LUMLJ4TOyWR8b28nGda92kWJGQXjGHtcyMNLbEyNvf8IJPyRsaq534k6OocJRDdjQWgNGW4bAoUDRqRj91j3D3mwT1pFu1DG3k1gY4g8mxo+OaWl1wQ0cUfEpeWr6h42F5A4DJVvukjaFrIlLYFJtyLgZIe3NFYLNGaAkCSLEFfOz2r7crNJTh4D5LavV1oTll4zdM9FsOmqanxtsZNNTEPe+2QO4LZ4XFWYs4skge+JrgGys6Tb3z7diyEE9TQStfSzFlxlva8dRG8L17wV41R4tTS0EUcNNisUEnJxvdYOuAQ4E7QCL9YuVnn5YXcacOfHyzxrG+EbTnE6akn0Nopo4sLpHmKeWMWfVOFidY7gDuG22a8xa4axI6l6D4XdEZcH0mll5VrjX3qg2+wucQW/4r/ELzzVLHEO2rW5XLHdTqY3UajSeR3i2Di51TQx3bfLabLQ+D30Ka255P/is5pENaLB77PEI+8rReD7KjqB+M/pWN6PHtpSeerEQD2WcSOCqk85WKc5KIuoYvGxtLGWNANyL/AMJWsi6DeA7lk8YP0OP1j+krXQi8bD+EdyZRZjRrXY7ghxBHaOaeBQe2Zxn+sKo/7dv6GKGL/ZtZ7J3cpYz/AFg1fZTt/QxRxY/VtX7J3ckU7YLRkfWLOC+8Ihs93tx+lS0Z+0Weqo+EQXkPtx+lOCsgdpQpNhRnDMoL96qoMcD9HT+HoNWfwL0daGIeTajL0cFvkuE9a+JsFG+RU7OEulR+iR+se5NcEJFHGN2ST6Un6JH6x7k7wTVZh0TnkFxdYDeuji6Z5RRxGwFR70rw7oU3rOTPEHawqCRtuldDkKb1yscu1Tpqqfo+5TcoU+TFI7Uopj1Wr+jF64VkIOJAiOL1wnCXGI7LZIDEZm0JUQZg2qbh5M8EFm0ozj5IpQ9qDciqGKgckwdh70wS/FRdkfA960iVt5tgze0fNKWJrV5YVC09Q70qj2IxAmwBSYcxxUAiN6Q4pWB6f4G/TJuL+4L3bDOgOK8K8DnpcvF/cF7vhY5jeKrDo2mpReHPqWU03fq07zfctbAPI+5YjT1/kiOvJUAdEZNamsNxXkWOj6xqz/fP/UV6hoTLrAt7V5dpA4DEKwf3ru8rPM4qyM+r6k9bEowOV1PjlNKwaz42lwB2Hamzn/QKgW+4kmHnVxOMkf8ADKzimlgxiuxSGUVh5EggGGFxa0XF7E7SosaxrSGta0dQC+0foJ6yCrdE6Jtpiwlxscmjs7Ff/YtWxgBfCSN5cbn8lRe1EEDZsWA04N8Wjtt1v5L05uDVP9rT+5xPySyu0OZWVDpp3s1jbYf/AKVY2QtV5zjBvi9b2TO7kxo4m+LyWO17IweALifjZXdL8CjwyooXCQPfUSHXJ2nZns7SgPmdQ4XT1MNhK7l5wXC4zOqLj3FFuy0xso1ZXgkEgm5ChYjgpSOLnuc7aTcqOXWVoTt8iLKbTYKLbHYfyRNYua1tzYZDsQH2+yZRaztVjCAbWAS6IeUaLbTtTehAFTEOo37VWM25+fLT50xji1J2nkybX2OjcrdDUS0lcyWGR0NZSvEjJI8sxmHjt7N6Lj1KG0ckhFiQD/JLqcGopKd8RvJG7kj1kbvmtMsdXVY8ecyw88W3090mqNLJcHdNRxR1NPE9kz4+jMb3yG4HPLr7FgsfpuQrM8yQdZ3WQdq2WGtZGydhzdFYE8Un0ngbJh3LHzkUgbs2h1z8k8uKTDcYcP1eWfN45RV0gN4sHHVQs7ytDoAbUlT2O+SzmPnyeFH/AKKP5p/oCfotV63+Vcd/V6s7agZlHg2FVmuzN1Yg2qI0qGLeiR+sf0lbODzcfqjuWKxb0eL1ifyW3gHMj9UdyaVmJWLcz3ILEdos33I0fTK40f6Qq3sgb+liHip+rav2Tu5Exr+sHEPYM/SxBxg/VtX7F3cjQx7YjRj7Qb6qh4QieUPtx+lT0XH07+FD8Ifnj7b/ACohVk37Sgv2FGeMygvyBVRJjgfo60EXm2pBgXo4T6LzbUZdnE7obipE7UNx61MGyXSd30WP1j3JthQ+is4JPpL6PH6x7k6wr0SMLo4+kZ1UruhPwKXUAGrTH8RTCtHNm96o0OTKb1nLHLtc6aeDzakoQdFSAzKU6NkG5lDxUWhj9cIkW0IWKnyUd/3wnPVJbj2IrdqFHsCLe2aCEbtRv+GeCCzYi35juCkKW9L8T6MXv70wCoYiLti9/etAsYmdWihb2N+aVx7Exxk25NnUB3JdHsRjAmFNh5yhsCYYdh5nbyzy7k72AbvSyujk29G8DAHjEzi5oGs4Zm24L3jDQGtYNYXds7V+VmkQQBrYw0Ak2tkUAV8/jcIjqJmNjzaBIeb2jqWOPNq60rxj9rQeZPDqXnGnshLi0da8qwzT/HKCMR0mO1LmtHQmPKfk4JXpFppjOMwHxqpaI7lpMTAwu42V3ng8XqmgdTG3EBTulj5VxuGawvbgvO9Izq4niHVyz+8rL6N4vVYNjENdRSBk7TkSLg9h7E7qsXjrpJ5KhojnleS5oBtc9Sz+7tXiJtoKs/gSShN6+LdzDdO43fQKu/8AY9yz1LOeVbLYA6hyVQq3eg0uvSV7COjVvbktESTe6yugNxheJNJIf43INZpsQSAtNHG9kTGySOle1oBe7a7tPanbJ2cm0XNDcwBdCJJQ6nEKaB7GSSdI2OqL6vaV9HNHOCYXBwG3sWePNhb4yq8LGY8IMbHYTFMWgvil5ptnmDl8bLKYkGRSUsDHtkjip44yRmLlusR8XLZ6ZRieio6QnnVNXFEP8Wf5LG6RSskxurlhjDKaeeUwtjADQA7VyG5ay+0WMO/aeKii1EL4XlsjHsPU4EIR2LoZpNJsVMC4UG5XzRBuSCUd9ccU4p452tZW6g1Tm0O3hJ4+mOK3GAAV2E4ZFYF3LciRbbmoyyuM3BjxzkuqoV+JwVeDTnoyMs0sO0cOsJRo8/kq5jjmwXc7gLlNfCTHHTY4KeKNsYiYWkNFr5pBRS8jSVJ+85ojHv2/ktsc7l7rD+Pjwy4YtRo/M+TD6+ZxJc57XW96DpG/Vgq4xsdFFIPjZWcAZqYI/Kxey/8A5BLtImnk2O3OiMf+E3C3y/R53Fq/UVXx03Zhmf8AyUfzWh0BNqWqH4v8qzeO2DcOts8Tj+a0Ogp1YKrj/lXDl09idtSw5qzDtCpNcdYK3Acws40qGLnyEXrHuK3dOPJtPYO5YTF/Mx+sf0lbun6DB+EdyaFmLej25ht1IMIVgdE8FUUyGNn+kKvH/Ts/SxBxj7Kq/ZO7lLGj/SHiA3ci0f8AixDxg/VVb7J3cgT1WN0X9PPq/NC8IPnj7f5Iui2defVHeheEDzx/7j5KYTKv2lAl6JR3b0CbolWkxwH0a6fxebCQ4CPooT6PzYSyD5Dei2UJBkUoCHSPzEfEpzhXozOASbSTKni4lOMN9EZwXRx9M8lat6E44qhRdClH4yrtX0JuBVKi83TeuVhl20nTTQdFEKHB0UQpTpTGMKFiRvTxjfrhEZtQcSH0dp/EFfyS8zdmpocfQB7ERQBWnYijoO4IDDmjA81yRKYvcqpXC7oeJVm/OI7VXrPOQet81qAsUfrVRHVYfkq0TC7YMutTmfE6okc94vrHLqU2TRbA9qIHeR5pzuepGpnzsa5jXlrDnZQY4OFwQRxRWHtCVmzlfOdLqm8pQaeR0dTG4u32R3apaRcfFCdDrgi4U3CCWiV9U6KvBbkw5m25MZ52PgjkBGs46jyPvjcfclXiutm544koL7R6oa+wGdiVF4/SvJd5VtLM1shOo7MHqV+V5L43h9o3DMjPPrS+pb49HDyGq5wOsbm1h13VyWjbDhrqp1Q2Qt5uqzMXOW1R9vattNTyt/ZNQ5j2vbydtYb0twGhnq3xGOMmJhIc87B71W0edKymmqHMZJE57Y9W9g64N+5OnVrYYRBAXxxu52rHa11PJcscfw7P1WjwCEYPRVj5ZGSB9QZXAGxBIGVvcluIY7LPcB9m3vYHYl76gzRGNlmm2YLgCUtmjka8jmX7HXXFcObk/ZpMpFp9a97zrPNrq5h+JvimaY32dezidhCR+KvLtYv91kWOmzPO2lP+LZ0d5YaaQYvFJiOHco4eQ15iPxap1R8Vl65xOH4W7e0yAnt1gT3oFeL181jfVs2/uVurJfo9Q7bx1MjBnlm0H5Lt48LqTbm893Rrps0VWBiaZ0vKRuaYxa7SDkb3NwvOCLFek0tdgRpxA4l9Q+Pk3te4uAcRY7VkMT0fnoad9RysckTTnY52610cOPhjoUnabXUgepQXRsWqRGO5wytmthopI6nw50wPmatrx2WtdYsLW6NvDsOxCHeHNk/K3eoz/VfFfzNfDZSti0op6uLOOupWVAO65yNveFho7v5OJuYvc8V6D4WniowHQyo2k0UkRPqv/wDtYzAYQ+p1yNbVN1fFNzTP6nLw3WrpGinoxGOiBq+4gfNBrqSSspX08QLpb2AG0nPZ7lakYfFmiwubm4+K7Q1j6eSmrITaRkgkabXsbruuM8dPnsMr5ec/1lscz/Z4tb6JH80/0JNoqodo/Sl+nNNLTYnTuka1ompmTM1TzSHEnL33Ftyt6Ev1oqo7Mxv7F52c1H0GGXlNtQxxLldgIIAS+M3eVdgNnLGNX2L3McQ/E79JW+g82zgF59irubDxd3Fegwjmx+qFSVuJuQ6kcDmoUR5oRh5s8CqPbF4wLeELE7/2Tf0tQsZ+yK3r5Jyt6QtH/qJiVv7CP9LVTxo/VNb7IpXobY/RX04+qO9B0/8AOf8A9HyRtFfT3eqO9B8IHnSP+oPclAyjt6DJ0TwRnb0CToOTiTPAvRgn0fmwkWAj6K09iexm0Y4IofDaovGWS7vUXpHsi0k8zFxKc4b6IzgluNUstVEwQgEtJJBNleopuRgayRjgQOpb4XTPKbVqvJkt+oqnRebp/aFW6t2tHKRsIJVSh6NN65WOXa400A5ikVyLzakUvhTFNeG5ncqtXUcrTjK3OFl2aUcm8WzsgUVPUVj2wRRlzzs5wA95JVxK4Khwm1Acg0AiyusdfsVOsoIqeB7pq1jqzK0UI1gOvWds+F1VjilDrNkaCfw5p6PZ0wi+0IwN2lU2VFeYmxunY5jOjduxWY76o1jd29Rolb7xVepzkp7/ALxRx01VxBxa2JzdoLrK4CiYgvc7eXEoSM1t2ucczZQZGX3DRdMIhzhscQuiR42Pd8VJ0bmdIWv2qKDc1ivg49Z+K6F23WEzfNN9t0enhdPKGsa519zRclDiYZH6rf8A8Wp0bpGCN0lr3yHuU26HavBgFbM5r3tZEy2QLr5cAndJgkHiUkNbO4sLw7VYLG4VkWBtsVHGarkKQsaSXyc0Abbbz/rrWUu6flqOwOtDPFRNIp6axOsbnPYUIzHWBfYg9iqCuqKOm5RkEZhfTCmnaCQSAbtce3ZmqseJnWA5JpcNjr3/ACRcaJl6aKIhxa5sbSeCBWTilgkmLbtZY2vZVtH619Q6V9wx2tbrP5ruK1MT5ZIJtV5cAbDL3pyavsrdhx45CelTycA8K5RYlDUvLY4ZIy1usS5wOxKaejpi3nyWJysbqyyOCngqnxAmRrMiT15LXLw8WN8uy8Eu1nna4lyZPLX6KA2drtrQctliw7VVw+l8ZL2awaGQvkNz+60lBhqmuweeJziHCVjwDv3HLrWHErD/AEkrjq1knVe67JWzSQmIvfydgNTWNlpKbDKashbM6Fjici7WI7ln8Xpm0lfLFFfk22tftXRFKS+Xy+TD5aPRiUR4jybujPGWe/aFnN6a0E5pqunlAuGkEi17omPl6Rcrj7jZaUQvxLQPD3RAPdhVTLHLnsZIW6p+OSzmizNad4AyAWw0eAk/aeESAGPEIeTv1Pvdp+Nlj6Jk2F180D2lsrHFj2nYCDsXVeH7erHFy8/38cp8tU1uu/UIJByyPWkM8jqanYQ4WvyZG8EJ7RTMkldY3ba5Nsws5jcsJ12xlxex+t+Hturzuvbz/psbcrhT7FaimxehpaCsaIGxM1oagAu1S7bfPYSM+pVNG6OXDpa6mqNXlGEG7XXBBbcEHeCM1HB2tFJFLUtLtVwcwSNs11z0fiPzTqd1IZgaOOVrDGDG529h2NP4mu1m8AFH1HHLx+Xy9D6bOzLw+B4TzjZXoBc7Uupr25zSL7LhNYRqtsvMemr4psi/i/SvRIhzGHsC88xQXbCe13cvQ4ug3gFpIlcj2BHGUZ4KvEVYHm3cEwyWkeXhAxXr5CL9LUuxp1sKrPZOTHSXLT7FfYxfpaleMknCaw/3RSvQnbLaKXOIEfhHequnxvUf+/8AJWtFPtI+r81T09zqcv7cpYnWYO0oMvRcjHaUGboFESa4JlSMTxtgwcEiwX0VieN6ARQ5fNRcV1QOZTnsIOUHGwJJsOtTec+CgHuY4PjI1hsuAR7wVRKtSfIyeqVVw/MU1/3yrFQbxSEgDI5AWA4Kvh3/ACvrOUWG00Z5ikox9BdJ60lPOpGlpMge4FBJLo9d7nOPaVYkF43nqCqa3kj7lqlYhyldnuCvQtu8v3bAlo50h4BNY+awAbEgOxysNdkq1PMws6OasB8XUpCsQQ/MqvV+Ua3aA26Z3jPUvgGHqT2Ge5N3UV82MtvqZFaLk2OzyXfF4zuCNhnDGXAAgZLnIdbPzWi8WZfZlwXzqVh3I8j9M5yDSM2uXwhA2RPd71oH0zWxuIbnZJeXebsm+IyT2m3QY1yC3KJvUE3pMTlpYhHT8kGgAWcErDw3Y33ld1zdK+2XlTZ+K1cpJDgPVCA+ofMdaZxc8ZXKrMkFucAVNs0d8wok0nyo0skkjJGm9n5FU2xPa9thftVpsjZOidWymCN5B4J+VL7li1hwbTNswZE3JKPVsbOwvja3lx/5e9LuUYDmTn2KxQR4dUTcnUGWNzhZsjHWz3XuiXda48mwqk1jI2vkgcxrTmRYqriNfO+wPk2OF9UDq61cldUyyvpaYhwhydI5wHxKU10D45QHPEji27i0ZBWu+4lBNPJrRtN8idtrAbV8Rdl97dyrMLm3OYvlkrbyA4k7C1GtFibUFcKaMU3RBBkdJfd1AJJitY2qqXlgGpsDi0ax4lXjCZY5XtyLIDckbEi3qopIWBzF1wnM2C5dfbQmHyZURa+envsDgD8UtVinfqxu6wQQqxslRlNx6FFLyX7RlA57aV/JkbWOJAB45pfpBTmrxttTygArIo5RbeS2x/MFCoaxs+GVckjgHOp3NeSN+VvfkEkw2pea6HWc42yFzsHUuzk5JqR52HHljjlWzbRMpaJhLy4yFrbbNu38gjNpaTkp2GEtjcDcAXdax/kg4i8OdRxtN9UGR4vsB2IVLVeMS1DGluUTyfgUeunnYzPcsoGjb2VVUaKzzTtbJKwvsXtuWjvAPFbzFm1sbmDDvEWh7nSPFSSOcbXLfgvOtDDqYi4k2uwN+JH8l6zZjiMmuLRvsbLj5c8v1fQcWE/YgrH3w1oqXQGqa5pfyOzfs7EGlkY9zW9aLjTGh1U6wAZC0iw3XSnCptZ8Njdct7bw2xjVEEYA6+5bmPot4BYTFzeFh49y3bOi3gFeKVqLarLdh4KtDtVkdBWGT0p/3+xT2EX6WpVjP2RWeyKaaUn/AG+xT2EX6WpTjX2PWezKi9HGX0T+0hwVPTk3qP8A3z3K5omPrIcPmqWnJ+lAf37koKzZ3oE/QdwR0CboOTlI1wX0VnYnYPNHBJMF9FanIPNHBKh3coE2C+BJUXKoVQccyoE7V0qKfwUirUeZk4FAw82NJ6zkao8zJwKBQbaT1ipqmmiPMC6VGLzYXVJsE4WgcNuSojOK9uKYgXbbsQahgbTOAt2rUkWROMgdezdVXxa1igRDmBGQEXN5KNzgbgZqq2vbvjPuVt+cbx2JYALbEBcFey/ReiNxCLeXD3KhYdS6GDeEaGzJtdFbKT4hFZVxn/it+KU8m3qXRC1KwbPI6lpGUjT70Vs99jws/wAg3rXRCBsJS0NtEJDvIVWtpmTxmwGv1pQI3jZI4e9SvM3oyu+KJCob2mJ5Y4WtsU4+ioSiR1i95ce1dfqxhpZIHA7RbNpT0zuL5y+GxR1tvUpbkIdBB2HNcDzuK4CNyiRYlTAO2Qk2Od18XFrt4IQgLRuf7gouLhKWEnLJVo5havzVj5Ym3IBjy6rqMMheySTfsF0XAKdsmJs5Qa7QC432I9RC0T1zg4iKGQWy2k3JCG0moS1t2ytB6gUeQXp2P+9sK5WQyTtdUMbaJrQLb7da465oh2uATC9LLqYLU2PPeWxgdm09yRWvsWnwrxd1LIKmGKW+rqiTYNvarkHicezD6GQdboyb/miU2LC6tdUU9JNKX+JU7PwsBaPhddMNLYWoaYW/Cc/zRstsfYosIvcHsWuLKdzbCiox2iNLsZhiip2PjiiYda3Mba+SqVNpRM/7ov22VjCmmSuhaNpeAqmZJJTHR8fWUZ/du74C6qX2zz/U7krw+fEKlxs1hEcY67FA0blMlXUvd0nNeSeIN0mqKgupgwHa4uI7bpjom4muc2/SFre5XjfenNnxTHC2Lmj9JVTUk01PG57YZ4nloOb7HOy2LcQijknkGEVYkmkbLIQ7IubsWe0Ac/xqdmt5PXHN3b1tcSPINHIRNfI45B11ln27uO/iU4jiklZHUBuHVLHyRclmRq260h0aqS6rETiTqnJbKWMGnBc0NfbOywGjzvr2Ro2B5H5rCxptt8WIMUfE9y3rDzG26gsBiJ1oGHtPct7H0QrnRVcgKst6KqU528FZaebZUTJ6Uf7+YsRn5OMf+ISrG/seq9mUz0nd/t7i4/u4/wBISrHj9TVZ/uyPzUZdHO2a0T+0hw+aX6bm9WPbPTDRT7THBLdNT9Mb7Z/elj0Kz7kGXouRiNqBNkxyIRvg3ojE3+6Enwf0RnBNgeaAnTSJAQXm5U3bUMqoSDtigFJ5yUQpyCnObRycFCg/5W3WVKpHkpFzDxnS/wASXQaOLza6SoxHmKSlTDMOSHV+juXW5FRqfMO9y2SLEeYEUFCi82ERpSgSdm1wA2hLSwsNnA/BM2qV+aeCNgrDhbNwXQR1hWw0W2BLKnKV9utEuz0tAjrCkCl1z1lSEj9zinojEG66lwlkH3ipCokAtdGgYLhKpeNSDcFMVJsCQ1LQWtoQXR5nqUPG/wAF+Cn4422bckDQWbesKbSSCounjdtBCiJGbiUaRcRmjI2XY28pMxp2EgIPKAgjWRqSWOGVksjg7VcDqjeiRMxq3iLGxzzMYLNElgFUkINXI5pu0uyUK6tdVVD3taGNc7WsEGGORzjbWsnpr0aUlYKN73sbykpGq1vV2lXoGF+EskkIL6mWSR1sshZo+aWNjEML3WBNjtTmSIww0kBbYxwtDrdZu496Vui2qzi9DKxuwNS+nZykLW9bhZaLxRv7EqKh7iHWOo0bLDbdIcNcGR67tjQSfcljdwpfafISSxmGEazg4nOwyF77VcoY3QMjic14Y8azHuFg7rAVMcrFHM17SZbWLdpNyFo67FBiMVOyCCRrGc7We21srWCr2d6VC2y+AXdU2USE2T62aU47IXSxxjYBrfFNgc7FKMZI8YbbbqjciAs7ExwezDVS7NSBxB7TkO9L7HcjnXhpCSCBIdXiBn3kKtUWb9AyHIq5gFT4ticDze2uAbJe517p9gdDydJNiE7QWQi7Qf3tyrGW+052THVPtA7eO1duiJMvzTvSrG24fNG0Ndy2o4suMiVnvB8SamptsBaT77rS6QUEFbUwctG14ANrqMvda4dPsJxZmKUMjmNc3k3auaxuDnV0nnA2cq/vK1lBSRUTJo4GNY0m5AWNoyY9LJ2vyvK4+7cs7Fyt3WOvC0X3k/kvQouiF5zUu8kw8e5eiMdcBOBbgPUrTM2ngqUJHWrkefwTDIaS5+EDGAP3GA/4QlmPG2DVfqfNMdJjbwg42OoMH5BLMfP1JVeoO9Tl0c7Z7RP7U/h+aU6Ym9Yz2z+9NdE/tMcPmk+l5vWQ9srz+anGCkhKDUdByMUCp827gnCOMI9FZwTQbAlWE5U7L9SaZ22Ipx8UNyldQKqEGdq4uu2qNxYqbAp1Pm3r7D+lSnsK+qfNPXcPzfTDqaUUNBGebZSUY+iuu2KFMKoTnyDuxTQ5/MPWyRIjzQjBAh6IRwgJBS+4VAZLp6BSoRGxK5xeZ/FNBsS5wu9x7VOAB1e1fBtkXVHWvg0da0Adl9YIhauaqAi4c0qcUIey5Oa+c06hO5HpR5JIBim/EPghyxahaCbgq9ZVqoWcxEoAEYXeTCkAV1MIcmF8IwphTjZrOS2WhIIBa7lcYGsZkEIbMkZn3epKi/6g4F4Y0Dpva0D3prUv16yocOjrkDgMlUoQHYjBrC4ZrSH3Ao7M23O05lY55emeWX4rldUxfsDkWEmXVIcOobVnIG61G9gOZFh701nHkJPVKpFrYXENNw1rXE9R2quK7h8d3DyphNBpS+OQAGPVv2HUH/6uMdE+Bron6zXZjsVDGcRkxHFqytL9Z0oBa61iRq2GW7JEwaNwoY9d1yc7fJayKy6WwetdcLnYiauWxfBpIyyVSMwgAkmM2FWB+AJ+WGxzWfxzKutvDQiBzBTGK0GWMPYAbgo+k7YmOhbC3VGqTYIeAtDq0cp5sc5x4Zj81DSd+tiRFrBrQAFp/VhjN80LqFofVRtf0C4X4LX4vT2oNSJ2qJCG2tuH+gsthDdevhB/eC2WINvK2MXLYxbPrOaMP1pc+8uXGFmjTnYZVsk5TVa6WNjupwNwVtazE6HXbrTgloyLc1hMUim5ECnFzrAn3KhfELZ5jtCz1XXjlG8/aNPI92pIM/3sisCKxzMebUvu4l93LodXHICyFFRzOqNd7Q1LRzKaejMnZU00T43AtcDYr0VhyC8b0ZLxPMx1w0NvbcvXtcDekqe1+BxursbgWJNHLY7VchmA4IDO6Q56f45/D8ks0gP1LVeqO9McdJdp3jp/E1K9IjbBqnqsO9TehOyHRT7R93zSbS03rIPXd3pzor9oe75pJpTnXQes7vSxOlF73QZ+g7gi/dQJ+g7ggjjDPRmcE0B5qV4X6Mzgmf3RwTEcUSunYoJhB21QOy6m/aoO6JQFOo809Sw4Wmp/VKhU+aciYbcywdkZP5qaD5nRCk4qAPMUbqFMVYqEvmncEZ3RKDL5p/BbJdi6A4I6BD0G8AjoDrVIEZqC6NyVArm80pUek7im56J4JQdp4pY9hxfL5fKw6FJoCgFMbEthI9AotEPJNQj0Si0XmRwQFwRC18vgqNUPKR2HWmTeieCXVXnWe9KB80AhQewHYpt2L470bAcUesbkbFYa0N2BRi2IiYfKYyAUF09EKcuivS3QnVNXINrYgwcXH+SO07VXo/R6o/3jUZvRWGbDPqIVL7QS+qUponF0MpJu7MpjUeYk9UpZh3QlH4Vrx+pWnF0LhzmmTmuOZF9bJbaKhc1tmxgN7FgaEAh9+xex4expporgebb3LowmxndEDaF5+6V94i+/QcFqo2NLrFoRuTYI3ENF1p4Mt6Y40LgNjlkdJozHib2kG+q0/kvVS0FpuAbLzfT0AY86wt5JnzU3HQmWyzBpTy/IAA8oRnv2qOkr434i7knBzWi1+vau4GAapzvvMF2nqN0PSBjWYnI1oAF0f1GM/wCiOCNJxGANFzrDL3rcuopHFxLCd/uWY0NaDiLiQLhlwerMLc6SVtRTGGGCQxscwXDQLn37Vtw8fn6ZcufjmV+Iv2Bjr36l87DpLEGJ1+C1ujUj56JzpnF5baxJTJ5sTZXycPhdFxctzm3nJwqQXLY3/wCFU34XVBx1YJP8JXqAcbHNQBOWZ29a57xxrt57hMFRBK90kMjAW2Jc0jO43r01zZLknUA7XtHzUzBHUUcrJ2B7SLEO2ELyWMAg3/1ms8p4t+P8nqz5GR+cngaPat/mpsrIGW1qulbnl5Zv815rS08TtQObcEC+ZQeTaHSm3ROV87ZqJdtNN3XTMqdLcXmieySOQtLXsdcEdh3qhpL9i1H8PeoYK0NqCGiw5Fv6nImk32LP7u9GU1CnZDotnXHsCSaUem0/v7070U9Ockmk/plNwPeox6Ok+5Bn6DuCKNiFN0SnLsjrDgfFmEDKyv3sFUw30JWUHElE7V0bFw7VUhBuuoHYiO2IZRoKNV5l6Lh2UkXsvmhVfmHouH+ej9l81GQh3Hk0XXzlwdEL4qYp/9k=
