##New coronaviruses are more likely to come from natural selection, and experts recommend adding an antigen test to discharge criteria, along with 26 other outbreak news items

Micro signal

What happened before the Earth was destroyed?

##All the fish are now updated in allthefishnews.wordpress.com  and can be subscribed by mail. You can copy the top link in the browser to open the get a subscription link.

Development of epidemic situation

1. South Korea confirmed 833 cases, most of them cluster infection. At 4 pm on February 24, the number of confirmed cases in South Korea surged to 833, bringing the cumulative death toll to 7. On February 24,231 cases were confirmed. At least 458 cases were linked to the new World Church in Daegu, 112 to the Nant-le-grand Hospital in North Gyeongsang Province, a group of tourists who had made pilgrimages to Israel were confirmed to have infected 29 people, and the South Korean army had accumulated 13 cases. Another LG, Samsung and other company employees confirmed. South Korean President Moon jae-in on February 23, "the new crown epidemic in South Korea is facing an important watershed. ". Currently, 7,700 military personnel are under quarantine, and the government plans to screen 28,000 citizens in Daegu with flu-like symptoms. 15 countries and territories impose immigration controls on Korea.

2. Florida, Italy -- 215 confirmed, infection path unknown. As of 10:00 local time on 24 February, 215 cases had been confirmed in Italy, with 4 deaths, an increase of 68 cases from zero on 24 February. Most of the confirmed cases were in the northern Lombardy district. Until Feb. 7, the three confirmed cases in Italy were all Chinese or Italian citizens returning directly from Wuhan, but the recent increase did not find a route of infection, authorities say they have yet to find the first infected person in mainland Italy -- also known as 'patient zero' . "The new cases in Italy are the result of third-generation transmission, with the number of infections doubling every seven days, " Pier Luigi Lopalco, a professor of hygiene at the University of Pisa, told La Repubblica. The outbreak has also led to the cancellation of events such as the Venice carnival.

3. More people infected in United States -- Florida. The White House will ask Congress this week for emergency funds to help deal with a growing outbreak of new pneumonia. To date, 35 new coronavirus infections have been confirmed in the United States. According to a person familiar with the matter, White House aides have been updating the application since the 22nd to 23rd local time. The exact amount of money has not been determined, but the request will be sent to Capitol Hill as soon as the 24th.

4. Florida, Japan: the Sanrio Rainbow Garden and the Studio Ghibli Museum of art are temporarily closed. To prevent the spread of COVID-19 pneumonia in Japan, Sanrio Rainbow Land, in Tama City, Tokyo, announced in official website on 21 February 2020 that it would be temporarily closed from 22 February to 12 March 2020 and tentatively scheduled to reopen on 13 March 2020. On February 24, the Studio Ghibli Museum of art in Mitaka City, Tokyo, temporarily closed between February 25 and March 17, in response to Tokyo Metropolitan Government guidelines. As the Studio Ghibli Museum of art has adopted a reservation system, the museum will refund the tickets for patrons who have made advance bookings. The museum also said that it will adjust the measures in the future according to the specific circumstances.

5. An infection mortality rate approaching 20% in Florida, Iran, has been questioned as a cover-up. Iran has suffered 61 infections and 12 deaths, with a mortality rate of nearly 20 percent, according to Deputy Health Minister Shah Khaleesi. Most of the cases are concentrated in Qom, 120 km south of the capital Tehran. But according to People's Daily Online, which quoted an Iranian labor news agency, a local QOM official said, "since February 13,50 people have died from new crown pneumonia in Qom and more than 250 have been quarantined, but the Iranian Ministry of Health has yet to confirm this. " In addition, Kuwait and Bahrain in the Middle East today announced their first confirmed cases, are Imported for Iran.

6. Death cases in nursing home in Wuhan Foshan. At least 19 people have died since December 2019 at a Wuhan Social Welfare home just a few hundred metres from the south China Seafood Market, Caixin reported. But it is not clear how many died of the new crown, or when the deceased became ill. Kobayashi (not his real name) from Wuhan Social Welfare Institute told Caixin that about 11 elderly people in his department had died from repeated fevers and died of respiratory failure. She worked in a ward on the sixth floor of Wuhan Jimin Hospital inside the Welfare Hospital. A CT scan revealed a lung infection, but officials said her new crown nucleic acid test was negative and she was undergoing a second nucleic acid test.

Kill. Six provinces reduce emergency response level. On February 24, six provinces have adjusted their emergency response levels, namely Gansu, Liaoning, Guizhou, Yunnan, Shanxi and Guangdong. Among them, Shanxi and Guangdong adjusted for the second-level response, the remaining four provinces adjusted for the third-level response. After the outbreak of NCP, all 31 provinces, autonomous regions and municipalities in mainland China launched a first-level response to public health emergencies.

8. Two Hubei doctors die of new pneumonia. Two more doctors died of new coronavirus infection in Hubei Province on June 23. One of them is Xiasi, a 29-year-old gastroenterologist from Wuhan Union Medical College Jiangbei Hospital. On January 14, a patient with whom Shaith had contact was diagnosed with new crown pneumonia on the same day. On January 19, she suffered from sudden weakness and fever and was admitted to Union Jiangbei District Hospital, where all efforts were made. His condition deteriorated early on February 7 and he was rushed to Zhongnan Hospital of Wuhan University. On February 23, he died in Zhongnan Hospital of Wuhan University.

The other is Huang Wenjun, a 42 year old suction physician at Xiaogan City Center Hospital. In the early days of the outbreak, Huang Wenjun had been in the respiratory outpatient clinic, and to Hanchuan and other places to carry out consultations. He was diagnosed with new coronary pneumonia in late January. Central Hospital of Dr. Huang Wenjun rescue treatment, please aspiration, critical areas of experts consultation, and the use of artificial membrane lung (ECMO) technology, but ultimately failed to save his life.

Future Studies

New coronaviruses are more likely to come from natural selection. In a paper published recently on Virological forum, five scientists analyzed the genomic data of the new coronaviruses and suggested that the two most likely routes for the creation of new coronaviruses were before they were transmitted to humans, through the natural selection process between animals; Second, after the infection to humans, through the process of natural selection between humans. It was pointed out that the new coronavirus was not synthesized in the laboratory, nor was it the product of genetic engineering. The authors of the paper are W. Ian Lipkin, director of the Public Health at Columbia University, and scholars in the United Kingdom and Australia. The paper hasn't been formally peer-reviewed.

Urban Prevention and control

1. Wuhan -- the Florida Channel is invalid. On the afternoon of February 24, the new Wuhan Pneumonia Epidemic Prevention and Control Headquarters issued the "New Wuhan Pneumonia Epidemic Prevention and control headquarters circular (No. 18) " , which declared that the "17" circular issued on the afternoon of February 24 was "invalid" , it was issued in "without the consent of the leading comrades and the Research Department of the headquarters" . The main content of No. 17 is to relax the control of entering and leaving the city. People and vehicles related to epidemic prevention may enter the city upon approval, and people stranded outside the Han nationality who are not required to be quarantined may leave the city.

2. Medical N95 masks supplied to 300,000 birds per day in Wuhan -- Foshan, China. Secretary-general Cong Liang, a member of the party group of the National Development and Reform Commission, said that Wuhan currently supplies more than 300,000 N95 masks per day, which can fully guarantee the needs of more than 60,000 first-line medical personnel. According to reports, since February 1 to expand medical N95 mask production capacity, February 22 daily output reached 919,000, is 8.6 times February 1.

3. A letter from Wuhan: The 24-hour closure of a small village will continue for some time. "In order to completely cut off the source of infection and the route of transmission, the 24-hour closure management of small villages will continue for some time. The short-term closure management is for a happier life in the long run, " said a letter to all citizens posted on the website of the Wuhan Municipal People's Government. We also know that closed management has brought a lot of inconvenience to shopping, medical treatment and so on..."

4. Employees'body temperatures are monitored daily in a business building in Beijing, as well as shunted into elevators. Beijing Development and Reform Commission Deputy Director Li Sufang introduced the strengthening of Commercial Building Epidemic Prevention and control work. The circular SPECIFIES THE EPIDEMIC PREVENTION REQUIREMENTS FOR OFFICE UNITS IN COMMERCIAL buildings, ten Prevention and control requirements were put forward, including encouraging flexible working systems, strictly implementing home observation for 14 days, daily monitoring of employees'body temperature, shunting employees to take elevators, reducing office density, daily disinfection of key areas, closing return air, decentralized dining, strict visitor management, and clarifying the persons responsible for epidemic prevention, the implementation of the unit is not in place to request its rectification, refused to rectification or rectification not in place of serious treatment.

5. A subway passenger insists on not wearing a mask as he reports to the Public Security Bureau in Beijing. According to the Beijing subway's official Weibo account on February 24, in order to do a good job in the prevention and control of the new pneumonia epidemic, the Beijing subway has formulated enhanced measures in areas such as passenger protection, station and train ventilation and disinfection, and staff protection, trying to make sure the passengers are safe. The station attendants and flight attendants will step up patrols in the station halls, platforms and train compartments to alert passengers who do not wear masks in a timely manner. If passengers insist on not wearing masks, the staff will report to the Rail Traffic Law Enforcement Brigade and the Public Security Department, request for assistance.

6. University of Florida deposed as a respirator officer. Recently, with the approval of the Yunnan Provincial Party Committee, the Provincial Commission for Discipline Inspection and supervision of Yunnan Province has opened a case investigation into Dali's illegal seizure and use of anti-epidemic masks from other provinces (cities) passing through Dali. After investigation, the illegal seizure and requisition of epidemic prevention masks by Dali is true, the circumstances are abominable and the nature is serious, which has seriously interfered with the overall situation of epidemic prevention work of the whole country, seriously damaged the discipline of epidemic prevention work, and seriously damaged the image of epidemic prevention work of Yunnan, fully exposed the Dali Municipal Party Committee, the municipal government in a critical juncture, disregard political discipline, disregard of national laws, Sectionalism serious, formalism, bureaucratic problems prominent. In accordance with the provisions of the Regulations on Accountability of the Communist Party of China and the Regulations on Disciplinary Actions of the Communist Party of China, it was decided to hold five units and eight persons responsible accountable.

Kill. Foreigners are polled on a Web site in Xianning, Xianning, including more than 150,000 in Wuhan. Wang Yuanhe, deputy secretary of the Xianning Municipal Party Committee and Mayor of Hubei Province, said the city had launched a comprehensive grid-and carpet-based investigation, with a total of 3.041 million people surveyed. 334,100 people from other places, including 154,400 people from Wuhan, were surveyed for salt-seeking, people with a history of residence in Wuhan, people with a history of travel, close contacts of confirmed or suspected cases and patients with fever. 14,349 close contacts of confirmed or suspected cases have been traced, 369 cases have been transferred to confirmed or suspected cases, 11,207 persons have been released from medical observation at the end of their isolation period, 2,773 persons are under medical observation and 16,957 patients have been registered in fever clinics, a total of 3,787 people have been quarantined.

Peripheral influence

1. Central anti-epidemic team to increase Hubei Province's first-line medical staff salary level by 2 times. The COVID-19 issued the circular on the full implementation of measures to further protect and care medical personnel. This document proposes to increase the epidemic prevention and control personnel salary. On the basis of the implementation of existing policies, all localities should increase the temporary work subsidy for first-line medical personnel of Hubei Province (including the Hubei Medical Team) by one time and the salary level by two times, and expand the scope of health and epidemic prevention allowances, make sure to cover all front-line medical personnel. The document also proposes to do a good job injury identification and protection, job evaluation and employment tilt, as well as rotation adjustment in place and other requirements. However, it remains unclear who will pay for the temporary subsidies and salaries of frontline personnel, how they will be paid, whether they will be paid by hospitals or by local governments, or whether special funds will be allocated by the central government.

2. The Standing Committee of the National People's Congress has passed a sweeping ban on illegal wildlife. On the afternoon of February 24th, the 16th meeting of the 13th Standing Committee of the National People's Congress adopted the decision on comprehensively prohibiting illegal wildlife trade, abolishing the abuse of eating wild animals and earnestly safeguarding the health and safety of the people, "It is completely prohibited to eat the 'terrestrial wild animals of important ecological, scientific and social value' and other terrestrial wild animals protected by the state, including artificially bred and artificially raised terrestrial wild animals. " "For the artificially raised animals such as pigeons and rabbits, which have been kept in captivity for a long time and are technically mature and widely accepted by the people, it is decided to stipulate that the animals included in the catalogue of the genetic resources of livestock and poultry belong to livestock and poultry and shall be subject to the provisions of the Animal Husbandry Law. "

3.2020 NPC session postponed. This afternoon, the 16th meeting of the 13th Standing Committee of the National People's Congress held its closing session. The meeting voted to adopt the decision to postpone the convening of the Third Session of the Thirteenth National People's Congress. The decision specifies that the convening of the Third Session of the Thirteenth National People's Congress shall be postponed as appropriate and the specific meeting time shall be decided separately by the Standing Committee of the National People's Congress.

4. Hubei wuhan-based snack company good food shop video bell listing. On February 24th the shop was listed on the Shanghai Stock Exchange, which held an online listing ceremony for the shop. Good goods stores rose by the daily limit, up 44 percent, to reach a total market value of 6.873 billion yuan. Of Its more than 2,300 stores nationwide, about 40 percent are in Hubei Province. In an interview in early February, the company said it had not yet begun taking stock of the impact of the outbreak on its results. Yang Hongchun, chairman of the board, said: good quality stores will not lower this year and next year's operating targets. He said he did not think the outbreak would have an impact on long-term development.

5. Universities are closed until the outbreak is under control. According to the Party Group Meeting of the Ministry of Education today, there are different strategies regarding the starting time of primary and secondary schools and universities, primary and secondary schools "according to the development of the local epidemic situation, scientific research evaluation, the development of staggered starting school program" colleges "in principle, the epidemic has been effectively controlled before students do not return to school, universities do not start school.

6. Department of Culture and tourism -- don't visit the United States anytime soon. On the afternoon of February 24, the Chinese Ministry of Culture and tourism issued a "travel safety alert" to the United States, chinese tourists have been treated unfairly in the United States recently due to the excessive anti-epidemic measures taken by the United States and the security situation in the United States. The Ministry of Culture and tourism has warned Chinese tourists to be more aware of safety precautions and not to travel to the US."

Kill. Emergency flow restriction in various scenic spots throughout the country. Last week, several scenic spots across the country announced the resumption of opening. On the morning of February 24, the emergency flow restriction at the Mount Wugong scenic spot in Jiangxi Province attracted attention due to the full number of tourists. Reporter inventory found that many scenic spots after the resumption of tourism, because the current epidemic prevention and control is in a critical period, scenic spots have taken some parking lot, cut down the number of flow restrictions and other measures.

The media attention

1. Pregnant women in Shanghai are not allowed to be accompanied by family members. According to Weibo User@annoying Carrie, "This week Shanghai every day confirmed cases are not 0 or 1 case, but suddenly came" Shanghai maternity family members are not allowed to accompany the news, is it a joke? Now a general "by the nurse to take care of the maternal" as a solution, I feel completely unable to meet the most basic needs of maternal, and may even generate many additional risks. I'm worried that I can't take care of the baby, and I'm worried that the nurses can't take care of so many mothers, if you put the babies together, isn't that kind of a crowd?"

2. Hubei people are not allowed to buy train tickets. According to Douban User@an, "12306 does not allow Hubei people to buy tickets to Beijing. ". Photo shows a train ticket booking APP for Yueyang to Beijing. Ticket purchase is shown as unsuccessful, "failed to issue tickets, in accordance with the COVID-19 pneumonia prevention and control work requirements, you can not buy tickets to Beijing. "

3. After the patient recovers, appears "second infection" ? Experts recommend adding an antigen test to discharge criteria. A patient with newly diagnosed pneumonia in Jinyuan community, Wangjiang, Chengdu, was discharged from the hospital after being declared cured on February 20,2020. This triggered alarm among the local population, who feared a "relapse" or "secondary infection" .

The School of Biomedical Sciences at the Li Ka Shing Faculty of Medicine Argues that the immediate reinfection of the recovered patient violates the basic principles of virology and immunology. He thinks the patient's so-called "secondary infection" may be a false negative caused by uncertainty. Under normal circumstances, the viral load will also have high or low changes, and viral load reduced, because of the sensitivity of detection reagents and sampling factors, may bring false negative. Shen Jun, a doctor at Wuhan University's Zhongnan Hospital, agrees. The best way to do this, Shen Jun said, would be to check for the presence of an antigen in the patient. Jin Dongyan also proposed that the antibody reagent should be produced as soon as possible for auxiliary diagnosis.

All of the news and sources in this article are available through the following link: https://docs.google.com/document/d/1nsqpfolqkazizt2vwgw1x1kuvnnsktq7wpcpvrc-uwc/edit《新型冠状病毒肺炎每日疫情播报》，可复制链接后科学上网打开

Go to "discover"-"take a look" browse "friends watching"

Sent

####Send it to take a look

Sending

Leave a message

A scan of wechat
Pay attention to the account


-------------
title: New coronaviruses are more likely to come from natural selection, and experts recommend adding an antigen test to discharge criteria, along with 26 other outbreak news items
source: suo-you-de-yu
authors: _
editors: _
proofreader: _
photographer: _
translator: _
via: https://github.com/2019ncovmemory/nCovMemory
link: https://mp.weixin.qq.com/s/_lpmeZ7UUwgIRLiYPt6HmA
archive: http://archive.ph/8M4MR
snapshot: https://github.com/2019ncovmemory/nCovMemory/blob/master/archive/jpg/2056.jpg
lead: We've picked up some breaking news on the new pneumonia
cover: data:image/jpeg;base64,/9j/4AAQSkZJRgABAQAAAQABAAD/2wBDAAYEBQYFBAYGBQYHBwYIChAKCgkJChQODwwQFxQYGBcUFhYaHSUfGhsjHBYWICwgIyYnKSopGR8tMC0oMCUoKSj/2wBDAQcHBwoIChMKChMoGhYaKCgoKCgoKCgoKCgoKCgoKCgoKCgoKCgoKCgoKCgoKCgoKCgoKCgoKCgoKCgoKCgoKCj/wAARCADLAeADASIAAhEBAxEB/8QAHQAAAQQDAQEAAAAAAAAAAAAAAwIEBQYBBwgACf/EAFQQAAEDAwIEBAIGBQYICwkBAAEAAgMEBREGIQcSMUETIlFhMnEIFCOBkdEzQlKhsRUWcnOSlCQ0Q2J0gsHSFxglRlRVVmSEsrMnNTY3RVOi0+Hw/8QAGgEAAwEBAQEAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAECAwQFBv/EACgRAAICAQQDAAICAgMAAAAAAAABAhEDBBIhMRNBUSIyBSMUYRUzUv/aAAwDAQACEQMRAD8A0PVDL04oKYOcMgboNSMvTmjmbHuV0nPwTEVG1jObA+SJCwteMbJs24x8ob1KPBLlwPbskwonqLD2p74BI2CiaSbkPsrBQuMjT3yoERxDo3ecJzT1GCMFOqujO5xkFR7YJGP6ZSJ6JqCbmZ1QatnOwkdE3pi7Poncn6I+6B2V6pzE/ZPLdcQx2Cd1GXcEk4TO2Mf425KEh38L/DcBIwJ02YObuoKBrmxAjPRGge475RQ7Y8qnB2QN9lGB/I7rjCfO2ySmDx5ykKiTjubo4cg7pMV2kkJ8xwoeWTDDglBoZCSc+qEJvkultqXSyDmdkq1RVHJCN1SrSeUZzupSWtDMZOAs5Rs1i6JuoqhyEkquTVIfITnumF3vLY4yAckjsoWO49XZyCmoE7qLnTVnJjzKVpbiHYGVQ4a7xBsnkFY5hG6mUfo0y7ursjY5Teet8hVfZUF2PMUYBzhjcqFCL7K3BJ6lxd12QPE5uqy6E4yUPyjYkZVLEhb2DkaXE4UbV0xcDkBTbYg4bIc1KXNJO6XjQ1KzX13t7DnLRlU24W0te4taVtmtoOdx8n7lEVVlL84Z+AT2Iakalko3sO42TZ1LJvhpK2hLp1zjgjb5LzdNDHwKdtD32atFPINuQ5ShSzY2YQtrR6WDtzGMo40tgfAlyPcajNLKB8JKC6F4O7TstuzaY8v6Mfgo2q0zhpJYnTYKSNZhhOcA7JB6FdR8H9B2y3UUtxvsDZjUjkEbsYa3sUjVnCLT1zkkkt3+CPO4MZGM/LoltaLXJy+ASQB1K6k4HaLj05Z2V9bG3+VKxvM5zhvFH1DB/ErWn/BRdLHqC31DuSst7J2OeW7HlBz06LcUt5MBLJHBu3RedrskklGJ6ehwpu2bKgniAwTlxCjamZzJHfsnpkrX387RA7aQu+RynVPqeOpbkuLSeuVxRTZ6UYKLstE1XnOcbKtamnD6KRoI82G4+Zwgy3hnPs8YKiLvWCV0MbXZMkjR+/KjY2zRvjg2NTPb9SaRnGMJvG0ueS7ISqJp+qR87v1R+KW7fPslGLTFHoSS1ufTHdetuJZJXjHL0ULdq4wxuABU7pqJzbc0v+J25VVbHJtINKwMDseiqt2jL3uIVwq2gDdVy48gLtwtWkGN3yUC9ltPFJJuSBsrtwut7RZJJ5m/bSHO/oqlW0TrleIaZm7ebLgtyWG3R0NqZG4YAaNl0Qg2jPNPaio3Oble5r2hV+sY4gOjCu+oKWKf9Hsfkq1Uw+DE4Hp7rLO3F7S1kWyyrVbpZfsY2lz3bYHVPrTwuira2OvujiwkDmiH6x9SrbpCyNLjW1DcuPw57K48uCcLbHFRVniajK5yoibbZqK2RNjpIGMAGNgn+yI4oRO6vcjkZw5I4ucT1Xvq8sg8uQpW30bS7zDdSP1ZjHY5V7lnGQdFb5Q4OJJVhpKblZlzsfNHgaxjNm5wo+vqJWuJYCAlYx+9/LswjCsem6rYNk8wyqA6rfIQAMEKfsdX4bmnmKT6EbPZCyWLp9yZTUIBOBsk22uD4m7qWY9rm4OD7qQorskJYUgEuBGFMz02XEjGEzlpww7YTTJaK5cqfKFQ0zW4O2Qpuphy0kqPjHK/BQCJanYDHgDZZbT8uSBgLNC7bCNPLyNOOqVlDOq9Ezecd1ieqHOclNpZefODhMBEz/KcnASLdv8AimlbOGxEAjKNb5cDqhcEy7LXSS+HGMYTC7XMRc2Xdk1fWhsZ8yql8r+ZzwHJJDs9WXGSoqNnHlCe0ry9wwchVymdl2VYbcMAK6JsnaMnpnZSDHgZz6KKjeG43xslSTbeU/NRIuLLBQTfaDJ2U/TBru+6qVufgtJKsdNKQ0HKyooeysAGeoUc9jQ8nCLNUHJGUJruZ2TurSM5McRc2BytTuNjyN2r1JGH4G6k46Yk7pMpEY+nDurUMUAf0blWJlCDjbKfw0DRjDQobKRVorLzfqfuThtkb3b+5XGOlHL5QvfV8dQs3KykiqR2VuNm5S/5HaB8Ks3g7nZIdGB1CiworD7O0j4VH1Nla7o39yt0uMOwmkzuUHdbREQ1nqzaoXwTh0kB3bg/CnYdT1TjJR1JY/05sJvcHRuYckZVUuQLXl0WWv7FpwVVWVGdFtlqqmEP8fke0NJ5sYP7uq1bqe5zGokIerPSV1Q23VIqJXSHYN5uyot6PiPd7+i8vJ+WVpnuaaVY9xDfytOJD5zsVNW69ODQC5V50HNkjrlKghcDjoO6UopGqyemW5l1JcCX7KS01UuuuoYImHmbCOZ3fBPRa5ulaKOJzQcyEYA75WxeDNG6ni8aR32sh5iXDulDFaci99cG6aZnLC0d8b4SKyUQxnCGyfHxO39l6CiN3qHwiQsYB5nDrhc7TbpGzmoq2Ip9PCri+uVz8RjdkYPxemVM0hEUQDdgNgE3rKR9rZHTR1D5YSNvE3cE2qapsceOZQ1zSIw3lTkw1dUbOyQqldqsMa85/FPKqsJz5sg+6qd/nMg8NmeZ55QrjFt0dPEI2H0NcIX3qqnleMRuwCVsSXVVI+Pw2StyOwctexaSlprbG6mJ8aUZcQOqHFoevcfEMjs9fRdEZU+DmWbFP9y7srhPKXF2yHDAa+uaG5LAdyOiirZYbjBiORzi0dyr3Z6JtJAAB5u+Vk4OcrZzanUQSqA6giEMIa3YDssnuivAOUEnZanlAnd0M7FLc7KC47oEzkeib4RxscqQbGJBuPv9FHQO5ztspaicOjl7lnIKiiDAOYHCU6jZK4gAHKHcpS2A+H8Q6FAsle8uHi7lMQueyAh3KMFRwp5KOQg5cPUK8wuZMzIxlNq+iY5nwjPqiwoiqGudGev71LNv7YSMux8yon6nzHDdj6hQ17t1QWu5HHPspDa0XhupIHNGZAT80Cpv0OM8w/FaikZcYSWlz8D2Td1ZWNd53O29UUFG3WXQTZw7ZEZKxzs53Wr7depGOHOSFY6a8tIB5+qdISReYpgwfHsm1bXZDuUqAguQkGA7r2UpR224XBuKWiqZs9OSIlK4r2Vsk+kM/GLnknK9LUBre6n6fQeqJxmO0Ttz3kIb/Ep9Fwo1LUgeO6ipWnu+bmP4NCzlmgvZpHT5GujWtbVZlAyntFUYHVbQoeCEQkEl1vjnZ/Upocfvd+St1s4b6Ut7cuopKpw71ExOfuGAspauC6OiH8dlnyaDra4BhA3Pso2Cx3q7SZoLXXVAPQxwuI/HC6uorTaKAj6na6KI9cshbn8cZUjJO7wyGnAx0HRZ/wCb8OiH8V/6ZzHb+G2rn4d/IdS0f55a3+JU7Fw/1PSxc0lpmPL15HNd/ArdzKnkfyucSBvv6INZcTG8eGTh/lO/T0P4KP8AMkdP/ER+nPVS6alndDVxSQyt2LHt5SPuKVFJz7hbj1XQ0d+oXxVkbXzM+CUDzt9wfn2WsqvTtXbC2RwE1MTtKzp947FbY9TGfZw6j+Plg5XKHduhw3JUl4hY3ATejw2IZQaqqa0kEraPZwy4Q58Ql/UJ/SR8+M9VXqasDn4Jyp+hqW49PmtGYFhoIgMKcp2jGVW6Ssa3q4KSbcWAbuCzkaY2T8bm8vulMl3xtsq4bo0Z5XDCw27Nz8W6mjRNWXCOYY3SjI098qqMu7cdU5iuQd3ACjaOywF7Qm1RIC3uot1xaB8Q/FMKm7ta05OySgKx7V1DWgk7feq7cbuxnMGuUZdr3zc3K7GFRL1d3ku8xW8YEuRaq+/sZkF2/qopt7jlkwXZB9VRpaqaplLQ44JUra7dI+Rp398KttIlNstd3m8C307m/wCVy5VWqcZDkqV1TUOjipac5BYwY91XXzENOSvGd+Rtn0OL/qVChEHOyCkV0jKWB0h6jt6r0E4Y08xwg0VFLfK3PK76sw7e5Tv6J8MiqCmfWVvj1Lds+UHstw6HiMMY5Z3AAdMghR1r07HEWnwXEgd91YozDRwBvhcjgNtsLZzW2ka4482yflruTfqfZW/SIDKEyvGHPOei17pqJ91ugjwRCzdxPRbHklZS0T8YAaNsLlfBGpy7v60RV+rTJVlregUFVukf1c4AIkEv1qtccnco91e2KIt2zj0WCXJ6WKOyCiVyvrDG0jmB2691Tqq7A32kiJyObKmLxIeZxCqdropLhqRryDyxHYrqxxV2cmrntgb8tVSJKaIAc2Bsn0lTIw7N2UZpmLkaxp6YVrdTRvZ0G6lxvo8S7IIXBwccjqnMNeCjVFtafhCZuonNOwKmpIOB/HVg7FLMrXfNRzYXM7FLGUbmA7Lhnqgyu64SWnbrukvOyfZJyfTxOjOHdlIxDGDhBkewPdko1PI1wDc7r3Dkodth8cYHdOILQGjmaPMe4QqZ/hydNlO09Uwx7Yyk3Q4ojWc9O/B2+aOal0g5QE1r5/tDj1Tu3NDxk7IsTRhkHKeYfgkujbMSOnzTqtfHFE7fzKFFaBJjmCpB0LrLOxzSev3Kp3u0tbnDdvkrv9fb4eDhTGntOMuMjaq4s/wXq1h25/8A+LPLlWJWzowYJZpVE1NpzRd3vtRy0MBEA+KeXLWD7+/yC3BpThHaabldd6iauk2JaD4bB7YG/wC9W4yshjbFTsayJnlaxowAndFcY6fJcQS45aCV5WTVznwj6HB/G4scblyyXten7BaI2imtlJF7+GCfxO6lzcI44/swGtHp0VRFf4zjJM/y9kRlfG9nKDsFlul7Z0w0+NeizC6j1Cwbg47g7KnVFwELuXPySIruRkF3VT+TNVjxot0lWcHO/fZIbUtI2dn9yrTroAzZxCbm6kt2JQoyIcorotz66OMA7Z9cppU3YchDVU5Lg52eZ4P3Jo+rwHYJ+5VTJ3IsU1ybg5djm7pi+6xRHllIc0+6rlTVkA4c7fseijqmpIbu7b5qlEryMss17ga6U853BwD06odku8VTJUwuwWbZB3CodVMdw2TZFsM/gVDjnHN1RREvyVMseoqX6kHTU2TATjH7BVJra5xJ3WwnTxzQljyHNcMEFaq1Yx1vuM0Bzy/E35Fejpsm5Uz53XafY90ehbbp4Lt3fflSNLqONgxz/ite1dUXAjJ+5NGSyPdsSuu7PN22bWOrWgeV+Uhmq5ZThmVQKGnkec74VqtFAWgOeNygajRarfcKmfq44KmYBI7ck5UXa2NjACmPFaxh3HqoaLihwyR0Y+JAqLz4GQXbj3UTc7oyCN3K4E+ypVfdJJZXYcclCQdFyrNUEHDSdvQqLqNTyvyMqqCR7s5JSXEgKlEmyZqr054IG6iZ5TMc/uQWt826d01OX74TSM7D2il8SYEhX200jGcpLVXbTTcrht0VpoyQB1Sk2ui4DPW1sdVWts9M3M9PvgDdze4/2rWkkzsEOyCtvVdWI4XZ2+S1jqephMz3Nij5jk7DGVxZMDk7R6Wn1SgtsiIaJaypgpIvjmeGDH71vHT+mo6OkiZFHjkA6DqqRwk09HX1Bu0zD5HFjQeme5W9aKla2MHlyvOzXe09fEoyW4goKdsePIR9yZ19M2YuwOvYqz1UTWtJDQPQqOoqb6xXAYy1p3SimkXkaimyU0naI6ChLgBzv8xON1jUMhbTcrep7Kc5RHFyjbZQFwZ41SxpwRlW7bo87T/2ZbZD2y31LwZI2kYUdqB8sPM2QFbGoWNho9gPdVTUsbKlj8jdb+FJWektRzRripLpmuPKVKaLtPIHzuG7jkJ1/JodiNrd3FXC1UAp6VrMbgLJT7o4dXl3cDm2NLHjqp1tQWtHomFFDh4yn80J8PYKU+DzvYWOrByCd0YOjcFXpxJG/I3WIqx7DuluHVE7JG0jITSWPBKRHW8w+JFMnO1PgSG52BQS45RJNycILikFHM7abxG8wBUdNz00pcXHGeimoKhsTM52Kh7pOyRx5Tle2rOZjyirmyHIcMFTtAwyAub0K10yV0FSME8p7ei2Fpapa+MA4/FEuhR7E3Cnc14JRI6llNCTzDopO7uYyFxdgELV2qb06LMcTtztslF8F0SF41MOd7Wuz2TK1S1VwqGlocSThrW7kqs6ftdZfbrHTUkbpZnnYdgO5PoF0Zo7StHp2kacCatIw+XsPZvp81lm1McK/wBm2DRyzP8A0R+mNJPj5Km7nmd1EHp/S9fkrhIXAcrcgAYGB0WS8NySUSJ7X9x968jLmllds+hwYYYI1EZSc0cZzkuKhZhO+Q83MGg+mFa3Rsfg+2EWnt7JT5hsFMZI6N3BXLdTV9wqYqaka6SV55Q0d/yW2dO8P6WmgY+6PdU1BAy1pLWN+WNynegLLDSxTVgYPEeeQHuB3Vya0BelgxLbbPG1Wrm5bIvgr7tH2J/x22B3zBP+1I/mhYWnItVN8+UqyL2AujZH4cXln9Ky7Sthd1tdN/ZP5pI0np//AKqpfwP5qyugjJJIP3JIpo/QpbV8DyS+lc/mnp/fNqpfwP5rDtKaf5d7TT/2T+as31eL9lZjY1hwB5U1BP0Hkl9Km7SOn3j/ANz0x/1T+aG7QunZOtipSP6B/NXMDGVnKW2PwXln9KM7h1pl582nqMn3afzR4eHemmY5bFQjHo0/mrlleDgjavg/LP6VMaN083P/ACRSgj/NP5phc+H2kq2Rr6vT9BM8DALmEnH4q8uw4YKj52OEhxkhVFJdETnKS5KOOFuhznm0tbD84z+aXFwu0O0+XS1sHyYfzVywUtuAtLMiqxcOtHsGGact4+TD+acs0HpZg8tioQP6B/NWPZYLz2QFECNGaaaMCy0WP6J/NZdo/ThGP5GpMf0T+am85WQCQgKRWZdBaUl3fYKF3zafzQBw40dnP827dn+rP5q3BqVjZJBRUhw60f8A9nLf/YP5rx4daQP/ADct/wDYP5q2hq9yhMVFRbw50eP+btv/ALB/NGZw/wBJs+DT9AP9Q/mrTyheQFIr8eidMsPksdEPkw/mnDNIaf7WekH+qfzU0OiyNkgSICXRunHgh9mo3A/5p/NRdRw40fMT4mm7c/Pqw/mrl1OB1RY4g3c9UropIhLRpGw2ukbT2+1UtNE3JDI24AypEWih5cCmZj0wnyyFk4RfNG2+SXDI2SyW54w6ljP3LNPY7ZASY6OJp9QFId0poVKK+EvJJqrImusVPOz7EmJ/4g/cqbV0TqeqdHOOWRv7x6hbKVY13EG2l9X0dAeYn1aTg/7Fhlwr9kb6TLsmkyAhmbFRyZcDlU+vn55iM7EpUtzY9pAlHKe2VHYdU1AEW+e4WU8v40enNKFsslkt7JpA87qxuogG5GyrtjbPSODZCQOytsUwexc0TysjbkMI4zG4kBHM23RG8pJSHsBBTS4MwMjGSNOR1UfPSAbgfgpDoNklxyMKJIEQxYWZR4ZiBhHqIwQUzc3lPsldF0OecH5oL3dULK8ShsRzTLESwsBIUDK2SGVzXnO6ub42OjJbjpsVWLkzmqDjsveRxMj3Q8x5sZU3aK76m3qGkKK5xECXKJuNx8xax2D7J0EbLTqLUwFKRz5JGB81Qaakqr1dGQQMdLUTP5WNHqVh/PM7neS7PTK3Nwr0qLVR/X6xgFZUtHICN4o/T5nr+CwzZFii2deDE8kqLHoTS9Lpi2CKIMkrJADPPjdx9B6NH7+qsjiRv1CHH2Pols3b6/NeFPI5u2e9igoRSQNhdLzZ2wsxRYPXYJeeUHGyR42PkoTbNaRI0bOXGSMKYpHNYxxJCrIqxF1KcR1D5GZGypIaNy6QIdZo3Du538VNqr8Pyf5tU/Mcnmfv/rKzcwGd17eJfgjwM6/sYpZAz0Tcy7rnj6X1+utmotLutFzrqB0slQHmlqHxc+AzGeUjPVaowfB0eQfQrG+Oh/BcMaV01xg1TY6e72O63mooJy4RyG9lmeU8p2dID1Cl28OeOQcM1l4xn/r4f/tToVnZ/Mkud1VX4dUtzt+hrJR390jrtBSsZVGSXxXGQZzl+TzH3yrA5+/VJDvgdE80YPUhJyMpEL28p3GT3VU4tVU1Jw01TU0k0kNRDbZ3xyROLXscG7EEbg+6KEmW4uwNwQsc49Fy19EbUN4vOqNQR3a7XCujjomOY2qqXyhp8QbgOJwV1AHD1CKGpILz++UqEguIPdNwUSEHJKF2LtBpIGOGe6A6mOPKUy1NeKXT1hr7vcXllHRQumlx1IHYe5OAPcrjmq1bxG416mnt1hmqKWiA5/qlPMYIIIs7OleN3HfvnJ6BWSdmuhkA+B34IQBz0XG+puGvE3htbjf4bs98FP5ppbdXSOdECermnGW56nceq3n9G/inPxAtlZbr8IzfLe1rnSsaGipiJxz4HRwOxxtuD3QBtgDbdLax2Nmu39lor6SnFis0dLFp7TEjYrtNEJqiqI5jTxuyGtaDtznBOew9ztrK1cF+KGrKJl4uN0+ryVAEjG3Cuk8ZwIyCQAeXtsfwQB2GQQcEEH3WQMrim2a317wc1aLVqGaoqaSLlfJQzzmaOWI/rxPOcdDgjuMEdV2da6yC5W2lrqR3PTVMTZo3dMtcMj9xQIcAJXhuAyWux64XOH0k+KF8tuooNHaSnlpaiSON1TUQnEz3yfBGw/q7YyRuebGRhVa+8IeJGltOS6mZqiWWupY/rFRT09ZN4sbQMuIcThxHcd98ZQM63LcLGFqD6N/Eeu11p6upr4Wy3a2OY19Q1ob48bweVxA25sgg467H1W3ye3dAjw6pXK79h34Lkbitxe1Jq7V8mmNAy1ENH4xpYnUZxPWvBIJ5xu1m22CNhkn0ZTcC+J9Jb3XSGvjkrGDn+rwXJ/j5G+AdgXewPySA7Lhjxu4bn17Jbsg4XLn0c+Mt4rNTQ6S1jUyVZqMx0lVP+mjlGT4bz+sDggE7g7d9uoC7ZS0XEznA3WDzAZwfwWrOP/EhuhNKFlDIP5duAdDRt6+GOjpiPRudvUkehXH9y1Drm109DPXagv0MdfTmpp+a4S5fGXOaHY5tgS04/FCQ91H0UjGc56onRRGjpJJdKWWWZ7nyPoYHOc45LiY2kknucqY9UE2eAyCo3UdC24WSupX/AAywuYfvCkhnBCFVbUs39EqZcoE6dmlItBuicS2V2PcqatdjjojlwBIVnc/dNpG7ledJHR5pSVNkdUxtAJAwl0knlxnZLqW+VNYjylY3T4J9D9xI6IQnIzzFLjd5cIFRGTuAqJDCVrh1WCQO+UyDi07pXi7JNgFk3BTWQbFLdITshSHZQ2UmBx1WEooTuiQ2cr6fv4kAbNsfQlSNxEUkZli/BQN2sUlM8y04LSOmFGx3OVoMcpORsvoEcNGLpXEktZ9wUTEySV5J3yVJMp/rEniFo37K06V0y+7VOCOSmZvI8Dp7D3SnJQVs0x43J7UO+HWmBcJ21tXHmkhd5Qf8o78gtxQMB6YCYW+nipKdkEEbWRRgNa0DonzHYHzXhanO8srPf0+FY417DHoMdkrmAblCa8AHHVCfLsdwuerOq6QaR+c7pq+TYjqkNfzE5O/ZZOBjO5VpUQ3bFU8fM8vcdkWsu0FGwhxxhRlwuLaWMgfxVJutbJVyOJd5VrjjZW6kdRcKK9tdoulnb0dJIAfk4q2mT3OVr7gd5eG1uAP+Um/85V7BOV6+NVFHgZn+bDB4PquavpqH/AdJf1tT/CNdJNBwVzX9NP8AxHSf9bU/wjVoybsvv0aK+kg4OWWOerpY5Q+fLZJmtP6V3YlbO/lWg/6fQ/3iP81xzw74C3PXGkqO/Ut7oKWKpc8Nilhe5w5XFvUDHZWUfRXvLTk6ktW2/wDi8n5KhI6G4h6xoNEaXqrzcgXsjwyGFpw6aR3wsHz3JPYAlczW7VnF7ilWVkumqiopaGJ3KW0j200Eedw3nO7nY9yfkrJ9Mupnp6PSdv5iYSZpnAdC5oY0fuJ/FV3hrxO1fpfRtvtll0G6toow5zapsE58YucSXZaMH029EAFo+KHEnhfqKCg142e4UbxzOhqi17nx9C6KYdx6EkeuFvziLd6S+cFdRXK3yiWjq7NNNC/GMtczI27H1HqubuKurNZcRbXRUdfoSqo30kxljmhpKhzt28pb5h0Ox+4LZuh6avp/op6ip7tTVVNUU1HXRtjqI3McGfENnDOPMUAjSHBfXNToie9PtFE6uvdxgjpKGEMLwZC/PMQNzgDYdyfTKtWqbrxxsdM6+3mrvVJSA5e9hjMcQJ25o25DR8xhG+h1aqWu4h3GsqWtdNQUJfBnq1znhpcPflJH3rsGrt9PW00tLUxtkp54zDIxwyHNcMEEehBQI0r9H3i7NrxtRab8ImX2lj8VskbeVtTHnBPL0DhtnGxBz6rdHjOYcDr7rh3gOXWnj7aKWle4xtrJ6U4PxM5Xt39tgV3JK0OjzjzBA0QutLHQ6x01V2O7moZRVXKJTTvDHkNcHAZIPdo7KO4Y8O9P8P6avhsBqntrXtfK6qlD3ZaCAAQ0bbn8VY1Xtc6utWirDNdr1NyRN8sUTd5J39mMHcn9w3KEIacd9SW/TnDG+yV0jPEraZ9HTRHczSPaWgAd8Alx9AFoz6FthrHagvt95XNoYqQUIfjZ8jnteQPXAbv/AEgqpTw6p+kBrsyzl9NaaY4LhkxUUJPwt/akd+JO5wAuvdIWe3aUsFJZ7PTCGipm4bg5Lyer3Hu4ncn3TAi9RcLNHaivr71e7K2quT+QumdNIM8gAHlDsdAOydXbiRoyzVVVR3PUtrpquneWSwvm87COxb1yrS2Vjwd8D3C0rrL6O2ntU6kud8qLzdoKqumMzmxCMsaT2GW5x96ANKcYbw/jPxPoqLQ1HNWRQQCkjm8MtD/O5zpXZ+Bg5up9D64XYOmbO2y6atdra/xG0VLFT8/7XI0DP3kZXIuqqfWX0fdQ0kFmvn1mz1pdNC18f2c2DhzJI+zhkbg98hdQaV17QXrhjDrGZpp6MUklTUR5yYzHnxGj13aceuQgDRH0rdF3CgvtHry0bxR+DFVloyYJWH7KTHodh7ED1QdZ/SEdqfQzLHYLRVHUN1h+rVWG8zIi7ZwiAyXl2+OmAe5CqtDNqj6Qeu5YKutdQ2Wm+2dE0l0VJGThoDf15D0yffoBhOOImgr3wS1XQan0nUzT2lrwI6iVoJjeRh0U2Ni1wzg7Z6dRuAbh+j5oV3DjSNZX6nmgo7hcnRulZNI1jaeNuQxjnHbmJJJGfQditrQVdJc6R76KriqIHAs8WnkDwDjfBBIzuuduMfEuza34CtnoZGxV1RXQQz0TnAvhe3me75twNnd/nsrx9FqifS8Ibe97OU1VTPO33aX8oP8A+BQIk+H3BXS+jtRMvFnfcX1jGPjBqZ2vaA4YJADQc4759Vsu63Cjs9uqbhcZ46eipYzLLK84DGjqf/8Aey9V1lJabbUVlwnipqWBhkmmldytY0dSSuPuKXEG+cZdUwaW0dTzmzmT7GD4TUkf5aX9lg6gHp1O/SRkHwppp9afSDp7nboHR0wukl1kIbjwomvLxn0z5R8yu1b1dKOyWWtudzmbBR0kTpZZD2aP9vYD1IVS4P8ADa38OtP/AFWncKm6VHK+trMYMjh0a30YN8D7ytL/AEu9byPq6XRdA5zY2hlVXHp4jj+iZ8h8R98eiO2UuEVPS9uuPHni/U3G6tliskBEkrQdoadpPhwNP7Tj1P8ASKz9L+GOm4gWiCnjZFBHZ4mMYwYa1okkAAHoAFuvg7W6E0Fomltf87NP/X5cT1sorovtJiNwDncN+EfLPdaL+ldd7XfNfW6pslyo7hTMtjI3S0srZGh3iSHlJBO+4290xHYuiP8A4NsP+gU//pNU0qTw01dp+7WO0Wy1Xq31lwgt8Pi08Mwc9nKxodkDpg7K7lJiMBBrf8Tn/oFGQK7ain/oH+CiXQIqbd0KR25RWnIQJjvsvOkaJAJjlpTTl8+E6f03Qds+4WDKQtpwFjmz1SXnyoTX+wV9C7FOaN0Bw2R8gpD8Y2Uy4GhsUglLkQicBSUeJx1KC5wWXHdAceqdE2akqLTHUMdste6m06YJ3SRDA+S2ZTVZaAHY3TC5QCvnEcYBJ2OV7SlXZgoW6Rr/AErZai51zYWtIjbvI7sweq3HbqKC30rKemZysHX1J9SgWmghttN4VOwDmPM92N3H1TqR+AcLydTqHkdLo9rTYFiVvsy9/K4jKJE8cuCVHvkIHNjm9AFlry5uZNiuWjoT5HslSGjr1TYyuefmgSyczugwBslseBHnHsqXA+WJdMYNzlDq7pG2LIzkBR16rm+E7fDh6Kry15k8vMT81rGG4iU6ZI3GrdOfiyFFPkAaQhibbc7IEswIOCFtGNESnZ1LwHH/ALM7d/Wzf+crYLRkrX/AQ54Y23+sm/8AOVsRgC9GH6nkZOZMU1uy5p+ms3FDpL+tqf4RrpluMKta30JpzWzKNupqA1jaQudCBPJHyl2M/ARnoOqpMmin/Rf/APkvY/6yo/8AVctrDqojS+n7XpayQWixU/1a3wFxjiL3P5eYkndxJ6n1Upz+6BpUjS/0rNGVOpdE01ytkLpqyzyOmdEwZc+Bww/A7kENPyyqX9H/AI42Ow6Rp9O6smno/qJc2mq2xukZJGXEhruXJBBJGcYwunC/Pda11NwX0NqKtlq6yzNp6uQkvko5XQc59S0eXP3Jok13xN+koyGelpeHQbWOLvtqqrp3chzsGMYSCT7n2AV+v9Xfq36Pd+qtXMhivM9mqJZoooyxsQcCWtIyd+XGfclSGjuE2jNJ1rKy02djq1hyyoqXunez3bzbA+4GVcbvbaS8Wmstlxi8WirInQzx8xbzscMEZG4+YTsRwpwY1bX6F1K/UMFFLV2uBgp7i2PtFIcA57HmbkZ2yMd10Hq/6SemYNPVDtMtrqu7yxlsLJqcxshcR8TyTvjrgZzhbC0vwx0hphlwZZ7NGyOvhEFTHNK+dsrAc8pa8kdVX5uAfDyWuNT/ACLK0E8xhZWSNjz8s7D2ylYGjfon6VqrtxBdqKdjzRWpr3GZ3R872lob7nBc4/d6rbPErj7TaL11Jp4WR9bDS8gq6jx+RzeZodhjcHOAR1IyVt+zWmgstuhoLTRwUdFCMRwws5Wt9fv91VtU8NNJ6l1BDebzZ46m4xBo5+dzWyBvw87QcOx79tkASGqtUUOnNI1uoqtsstFTwNn5Y2+Z4dgNAB6ZLm/JcRay1zU8QNYx12qqqaltwfyMipo/E+qxdwxpIDnHuSRk9dtl3Xf9O0Oo7LU2m703j2+paGyxB5ZkBwcN2kEbgfgqL/xfuH3X+b7j/wCNn/307EUbSfHHhppSx09pslvvUFHCP+isLnu7ucfE3ce5/wBmyvWguM2mdb6gZZrNFc21b4nyg1EDWMwwZO4eTn7kN3AHh4zPNp5399n/AN9TOkOFWj9J3dt0sFpdS1zI3RiQ1MsmGuGCMOcR0TA0Dx7qtX6I4mOu1JdrqLNWTMq6RgqpBBzDBdCW82Oo6dw7ZbS0/wDSP0XV25k10lrrXWEfaU5p3SgO78rm7EemcFbYu9ot96t8tDd6KCto5Rh8M7A5p98Hv79VrCt+jvoCpndJHR3GmBOfDhrTy/Icwcf3oA0Hx64mN4nXy2Uljo6gUFGXMp+dn21RJIQCQ0Zx0ADev+zovSmhaqi+j8/R8zhFdaq3ztkBOzJpeZ3KSPQkNP3qX0dwx0lo2YVFjtMba0DAqp3GaUfJzvh+7CuIQBxbwI13Hwu1jdKXU9HURUtUBT1QazMtPIxxIJb3G5BA36EZ6HoPVHGzhhV6fqqeuuP8rU1TEY5KKKkkc6Vp7eYAA+5IwVYtZcONK6yf41+tMU1WAGipicYpcdgXN6j55VWofo+8P6aoEr7fXVIBz4c9a4s/BuCfvKAOMrjTsmqausttJURWrxyyMyHn8MEktY54ABdgffjK764Mai09qDQlsOmAI6WhhZTPpXfpKdzW7td6568362cqRk0dp+o01Lpx1no22aVvK6kjj5Gf0hjBDu/N190HRvC7Seja+St05b5qOokjMUhFZM9sjfRzXOIPttt2SYHJXHfjHVa+r5LdbnTUum6eT7OE7OqHA/pJP9je3zV14QcUOGPDmyeDTU18qbtUNBrK40cYMh/Zb9p5WDsO/UrcR+j7w1c4k6ddknJ/w6o/317/AIvnDT/s67+/VH++laAhbb9JHRVxuVNRwU97EtRKyFnNSsAy5waMnxOmSlcUeAlFr3V1Rfai/VNFJLHHEYY6ZrwORvLnJI64U7RcCOHVBWQVdLYHMngkbLG767OcOacg4L8dQFswnqhFHNH/ABT7Z/2qrP7mz/eWkeNnD+Dhxquns9LcJa9klG2qMkkQjIJc4YwCf2f3r6CgKl6z4W6Q1ndGXHUtqdWVjIRA2QVMseGAkgYa4Dq4osTKNwI4OUujayk1PDeaiqlrbc1rqd8DWNb4gY8+YHJxjC3flN6KmioaOCkpW8lPBG2KNuSeVrRgDJ67AI2fVAhSBX/4jP8A0D/BGBTe4nFBUn0jP8FE/wBRrsqLXYCBK7crDXIbyvLk+DVCHHdYYFgleJ8qzQM9KfKcJpkgoznDB9UA9FQIUHleJQ8lJLlL5KSPPOU3ecEoj3ehQHu2KEhCXFCJXieqGUxGlqCuNQGNaQPZWqgpGws8R4+0cMH2UFpKxuhArqsEOP6Nh7D1PurScAkfq4XRqs+78Ynbo9NtW+ZgEkkNH3pEjSRsPmitby9Dn27r3O0B3RcCZ6HY0PKwYPUeyA9rj32RpHtJz0BQDI0Zz0CpKx9Cg0hpLh13TGtrjG0tb09UirrCAQ0qGnlc4kknAWkYGTntGN0n8RruvzUQxpI26qWlAfn09E3dT4b5AumKo5pcuxhI4jugOBIOBlP2UEjpMnITplFy48QYBVXQ4nQ/0b6xtRw5bTc32tJVyseO4DiHN/cT+C2oMhcrcNtbxaJvTnzcz7dUgMqY29cA7PA9Rk/MEhdOWm6UN4oI6211UVVSyDLZYjkff6H2O668UlJUcOaDjKx+HEBe5yeyH3O68tKMbFrywN1jP4p9DFL2PdIc44KRud90uyWw2fdZLgO6CGn71kMPcIF2L8UY6JPiZ9ljkKxy4TANCcuw47JyAxvQAJrEN0UH3SKSCiQBEjkaThNgVkHCB1QeYgsKaMGCUp78+UJAyFSM2LSXE9l7OyGSSmAkleXlj70AZCV2SAlsBcQB1KAHdFHvzlPMZSI28rANksFZjPYXsbFeBXiUIAOV4FYkY79UrMbCBvuU7L9BB0WCs42KSeiDMwV5e6rKYGAmN9lEVqqCTjmbyj79k8fIyNhdI4NaNyScKm6guwrZhHCfsIzsT+sfVY5ZqMWNLkY83ukvPl6oDX91kuJHsvLkaxR4nJSuoQiVjnIBG2Eo8jkhL3blDJ2WXu9ELOQr9CRklDc7fC844yhOI+9TQ7POchOd1Sj3KC89ULgQlxyhueAF5zvRAc7IOUdjZWcBvU4ACbS1IyWkjb0TSprCcAOAB7IEZ8UF2RkjqAs9p7kmuh86c5LsjB2SXSZaQdvkmuD3OVmSXAxndG0VmJX4JJOR2TGefIIG2SiTzdc79go6tqYoGHnO/otYwIlNC5GE5cRt6qPq6inaHNLwComsu00znNZlrCmJaJD5nHPqVuonO3bH76yPmPK7IR4LpC08rm/NQ4AaSCB80GZ43I6rTaQ2Wc3ujDSTH0UZcb3DJ8BIx0UC5+R5im78Y36JqKEpBqqsMucI1n1HeLHM6ay3KsoJXfEYJC0O+Y6H7wo49V7kLtgtES3fZfqfjZruJrWG9iUD/wC5TRE/jyp6zjjrfobnTf3Ri1o2na0HnKQcD5KuRKMTa8fG3Wzv/qNN/dGJwzjPrTG9xps/6Kxamp37ABPmPOOgUSk0bY4RaNkjjPrbxMfyjTH/AMIxO4eMusj1uFPj/RWLWEAy4kjf1TmIYB9FPkZfii/RtKDi/q12Qa+n9f8AFmIn/C7q4NyK6DP+jMWsBPhuAlxykjdJ5RrBH2jY7uL+rsEm4Uwx/wB1YmLuMmsvEI/lGnAx/wBGYqtQ2euuDiIKd5af1nDAU7buHtRK/mq6iONv7LfMVHmkNxwx7Jii4v6wlaOatpyR1IpWbqUh4n6ymZ9lURvP+bStRrXo+3UbARGZnj9Z+6lDb2sGGMDW+wwsvJN+zGWXEuokdT8QNbnzVNdBGz9n6swlLl4kavziOshaPU0zd0uWgAJ2ymk1EBjyq45Gu2cuSe70Im4k6xbk/X4P7qxR1RxX1pHnkr4Nv+6sRaqjbvsoCuowc4C1WdmG0PUcY9cszi4U/wDdGJm/jVrkdLlTA+9IxQVwpNzgbqIfS7nZNZxbC1ycbtdtBxcqYf8AhGJo/jpr1pP/ACnTf3Niq0lGCOij6ihySeXZbxzJolxZdjx4173ulL/c2LbnAvWus9VfXK+910TqCE+FG1tMxnPIdycj0H8VzVbbHUXW5U9DRjM87wxgPqThdmaKsNPpuw0NrpQCymjDXPx+keficfmVnnzVHg6tLg3u5dFyiuFS4bvH9lHjrZ+7wfuUdDjHRHjXCs0/p1yxQXokG1knUuGPkltrHnvn7kzHLy7lZ5g0bLVZJfTF44/B59ak/aH4JpPcp2OIY9v9lDdJhR078vJylLLImWNRVjipvNXH8Mjc+7QmT9QV4z9qz+wFHV03mxlMi/IUeWf05qRLHUVxz+mZ/YCyb/cCP04HuGNUGXbpTXZyn5JfRUh7U1tRUnNRPJJ7E7fgmxP4Ibn4CRzqW2xh2leL8AhBDl4nIKzkVFhA7KHIT36LLNkiY+VVFCbEc6y05KDnC8HIYIW87lBccFZLsoT3dRlIZgu2QnO6rznbdUFzvdJqwMOcQgk7lKe5BcdyqSBGvw0ySjl3xtupOKnEcZyM5H4KJ8Utc48uHZ8vugz3eaHLMHACW1vo9bfRKy8rXYzhNKlwaC4nHzVelv7snnachRdZf5JcsGcLVYWZyzekTFbc2sJa05dhQk8xnc5ziSmom53Zccn1Xi7brst1BLox32ZcwE+iC+RrDj96U9xxgHZNJM8pPoqUUxbqFvmyDjsmz5AegSS44O2xSeytRoi2JcSSUhxGfMicp7BIMRJyUJArYMddt0oEj2CW1gB2CS/ATGYO4wgyAdMIo6bJLsuGCUroqKsSx5aAAnkDycZHVBggc5wIYSpy3WSrqwD+ji/aPTHt6rKUr4N1JRXI2Y7AwE5ggmqTyxtOPlsp+lsMFO3L/tXe+ykYYmsADWgAbYAUqLZjPVqP6kbbtPl3KaibG24aFabVaqOmwY4Wc4/WduUCmbjAUtTDZVtSRyy1E5dslKXqPQdFKQ9lF06kYDnCyZNslIiN0staQcj8UGA5G6OfhWPsYCVg9Ewnbtsn8p2TCoOypFETVAYcq/X47Keqz5XKAreiol0V+uGXFRwjGdwpGs+M4TEHdZt8jQLwB6IMlJnOAn7EeCJ080cUbeZ73BrR6knAQpNDq+C68DNLMNfUX2pYCKYeFTgj/KEbu+4H8St2x82eUdFGaetcdlslLQRgDwmDnI7uO5P45UtTgZypc93J62HHsgPac4G6cNI7Js3ZqKw7IRnJch+b5LBf64CA6QZ6ob3+i0RKhYaR/lKjKiQt5jlOXvwwqGq5dz5lMjLOqQyrJvOUFsuR1TereTL1SI3HCIo88etI9P3pYcOyZtf7rPOfZVQrQeR43SWuBBTcv33Sg/HRFBY6Dsr2d0AvwNylROyVm4lLoKXEZ9EJ8mSQUqQ4Cal2HFXEQU4QySOqwX7IbnIoEKL0NzvVJJ3Q3O90irPFxKDI7cpTndUF5RQxMjtkJzl5ztyhOd1TYrKLUTMDcgghV65VAdzkOGMJLqx24Lsg9NuiZT4eD/FbY4Ud85kbVTFznEHYhRwD3OPKpd0DTkILoGxMJJC6DnbAMBaACiOO2zhn0QHytBICbGTJJzuqSFY+dOxseMglAMgfkDCa9PVZDsdE9pNhCRlYwCNtkkuHVIEhGfRBaYfGO68XjHVN/G+aQ52dwkOw5eNz3Td7+Y9MJBzk46rDW+YZStFJWZy455eiPTQySOAYwvd8k4o6TxPM8csefxU5bg1owwAAdkKLkKWVQHVhsrQ9slZueoYen3q18u2wAHoFGUByQpkDyBZ7UnRyyyOfY2c3YpMbfNj0Tgj1WGt3OFRkFi+IKTpeiYQs3CkacDCmQyQg6KQg6KOgT+E+ULCRoiSgPlTgny4TWD4UfOyzKQOQ7FMJ+hTyU+iYznyk+yBkTVuGD1UDW9CpurOxUHWnc5VBRA1nUqPHVP6vqUwHVZMArFfeEdo+vagNXKwOgo28+/7Z+H8OqoTOoW/eHFqFq01TBzSJqgeNISMHfoPuGEm6R0aeG+RaZHZz7lGhcAE2c7KXGdlKXB7FcD9jjjdED9kybKGjcrPi56KkYuAd53OEnmQvEyhyP2VJlKAueQcjhlV+ql+0cAQpWeQmMqv1bvtCUM4tWqQCpf585SGSHBB6IFW/BydtkGOXLButEuDymx74m+EtrtkwbLg47I7H7dU6EHL8O3SmuTQu91kPweqQIehwx1RInAZITNknbsjA7HBRRYWWbITXnznJQpHHOMrAKBINkeqw52ScFC5knnA7pMYsk9ikOPukudsd0Fzk0ihZchud1Qy5Ic/qkMw8oTndcLz3eVBL/VCRDNPvyAU3eSMgnp0Tp3wn5oEo8hXWlR1jWWRzW7bpjLO5xIwU/eARum9Q0ADAVxRLRFSc/MfRJDyOpTqf4imUitECjLgJPinsgOccHdYYTlAh2Hg91gOA6oGT6rwJ9VLGguQeixnZIBIahuccgZQUuhwzc4GT8lNWu1ggzVZwwdGd3JtRMayBpa0AkblSHO4RdSrhBMxyZnHhCaiRoOGYA6ABHtzsndRr/iT23rVqjm3Nu2Wq2kFwU2DkKCtvVinm/AuNq2aIThKaFhEj6qmAeJu/yTyIJszr9ydRdVm2CH0XZO4eiZw9/kncHdYTNIkjCfKMopcm0PwBFPRQUJlO6j6h3lIT2TqUwqtmlAyLqjs5QdZ3UzVdCoSr7q0TZB1XxFM29SnlV1KaN7rJlIm9IWz+VtQUdLjMZeHyezW7ldCRnlGB06D2C1PwfijNZWzFo8RrAA70BW1h8IWUz09JBKNii7mcRkJbXYKblKZ3VLo70HLlkyjl6psepWRu05VIaSCCU9QShulJHVNyTvuhEnPUpkvscSSDkOVBVcuJPZSkhPIVA1h+0VJHn6zobVrwQd0yZNjuiVXf5KPHUraK4PHY+jm5nEZT+J2GKFpz9o5Ssf6NEkCFukC8yXfqmsvVYjU1wUiTiOSN0dzw1p9U2p+iXJ0+5IGCc8A7lZDwdkF3VYym0CYcuCRzJGT6rGdykNOzJf1CQ4rJCG9AxDigvdglLcgPSrkBLn7FDJJCw47rx6KqoD//2Q==
