##The darkest hour on earth for a pregnant woman

Micro-signal Zairenjian11

Features, with a calm narrative against the cold | phoenix network produced in the human studio

Phoenix News Client, produced by Phoenix Network Studio on Earth

The 28-year-old illusion (not her real name) has been waiting for the arrival of a new life, this is her first pregnancy. At the 12th week of her pregnancy, her expectations were dashed. Her new life was cut short. She had to go to the hospital for an operation. However, a nationwide outbreak of the new coronavirus made her stay in the hospital very difficult. She was finally admitted to the hospital. At that moment, she suddenly felt as if she had seen a light in a dark moment.

On Feb. 5, Shanghai pregnant women who were more than 12 weeks pregnant visited their archives hospital for NT as usual to assess the risk of Down syndrome.

The birth of the baby in her belly last December brought great joy to her family. FANTASIA is more careful: She doesn't commute by bus, she carpools, and she wears a mask when she goes to the hospital before an outbreak. In order to protect the fetus, during the Spring Festival, she did not return to her hometown in Ningxia as usual.

Vision came outside the delivery room, waiting to be called. She was pacing back and forth outside the door with some candy in her hand. You're GONNA see a baby today. She had heard a lot of pregnant friends say that when they did NT, the baby would be naughty and the ultrasound doctor might not be able to see the neck, so the doctor would ask the pregnant woman to go out for a walk and eat some sweets to get the baby excited. From time to time, she touched her stomach and silently told the baby to cooperate with the doctor when the time came.

Then she went into the ultrasound room.

Vision lay down, the doctor scan, and then suddenly asked her, "What is wrong with you before? There is no bleeding? " She froze.

The tire had stopped early, about 63 days ago.

A Bolt from the Blue.

The Vision didn't think it could get up.

She cried and asked the doctor if the baby was still alive? B ultrasound doctor answered: "The fetus stopped for a long time, very dangerous, need to do surgery immediately. "

Doctors say fetal arrest could be due to poor development of the embryo itself, or it could be an external cause. But the vision really can't remember what went wrong.

In January of this year, when the file was set up in the mch hospital, all the examinations were normal. The last Sonogram, January 13th, was normal. Even though she sometimes had abdominal and lower back pain, it was only mild and the doctor had told her "it's okay. ".

She doesn't know how she got out of the ultrasound room.

Her husband helped her back to the obstetrician.

"Is it possible to keep it? " She kept crying.

The O.B. said it's not gonNA happen. It's been too long.

Unable to accept this fact, she went back to the family planning doctor. "I really want this baby. Please, can you help me keep it? " The doctor Said No:

"Survival of the fittest, it is very likely that the embryo itself is not good, and now it has been stopped for so many days, there is no way to protect it. Told you to die, you have to do surgery. "

This sentence makes the vision feel a little hopeless. "The doctor said to me, 'don't you understand what I'm saying? ' I wanted to have this baby, but I didn't think a little life would end like this. "

In the end, the fantasy can only accept the reality. She wanted to have surgery as soon as possible after being told there was a risk of massive bleeding. The hospital gave her an application for admission and told her to go home until further notice.

When she got home, fantasyland was in such a bad mood that she couldn't believe her baby was gone. "Is it the hospital equipment that is broken, also may be the baby is joking, perhaps there will be a heartbeat behind it? "

For Lacrimosa, she thought almost daily, even of death. Far in Ningxia's mother to comfort her video call, afraid of what she would not open, but also said that if something daughter she could not live.

On February 7, the hospital called to tell her to check in on the 10th. After hanging up the phone, she still held on to a glimmer of luck. Perhaps, she thought, by the time operation 10 was done, the baby's heartbeat would have been detected again.

While waiting at home for hospitalization and surgery, fantasy's husband is checking into other specialist hospitals, ready to register before seeing a doctor. They consulted online with experts at another maternity hospital. Experts say the procedure must be done in an emergency, or else it must be done as an outpatient procedure. They also posted an online clinic at the Maternity Hospital, only to be told by text message that the clinic had been closed.

According to the hospital's official website, "To ensure the safety of you and your family, all out-patient clinics will be suspended on weekends from 6 February 2020 due to the current severe situation of COVID-19 pneumonia; all specialist (except PICC) clinics will be suspended; all out-patient clinics of Chinese and Western medicine will be suspended; and all out-patient non-acute operations will be suspended. We'll let you know when we're GonNa see you again.

Then I'll have to go to the hospital where I built my own file, she thought.

At 5:00 a.m. on February 10th, fantasia took a taxi to the hospital. Worried about her weak body after the operation, she wore an autumn coat, a sweater and a down jacket. She took out a new mask and put it on, even though the family's supply of masks was running low. At the hospital, she took her temperature at the door and was allowed to pass. Then she went to the inpatient department and sat down on a chair in the hallway.

Around 8 o'clock, doctors and nurses began to come to work one after another. When she checked in, the nurse took her temperature, and it was 37.4 degrees in one ear and 37.6 degrees in the other. The nurse felt the temperature was too high, so she told the vision to wait. But the results were still high, one at 37.3 degrees, the other at 37.4 degrees.

"The doctor won't let her stay with him, " a nurse said suddenly. Another nurse suggested that fantasia see a doctor.

He's in a trance. "I this embryo stops a more than a month, do not do again how to do? " She took the medical record sheet to seek a doctor immediately.

The doctor said to the nurse, knowing that fantasia had taken her temperature twice, "The first time it was 37.6 degrees, you just didn't take it. Now why write a 37.3, and you still take her? [ the patient ] can't live here. I told you this patient wouldn't take it, why did you let this patient come to me? "

Sensing the doctor's impatience, but still holding out a glimmer of hope, the vision continued. "What can I do? " She asked

"There's nothing I can do, " the doctor replied, advising fantasia to return to the clinic when her temperature stabilizes and ask for an appointment. But the premise is, "the body temperature must come down. "

Fantasia knows this is an outbreak, and the hospitals are being cautious. She said nothing more and went home with her husband.

"I was taken out of the hospital, helpless, " she said.

When they got home, they kept taking their temperature, which fluctuated between 36.9 and 37.2 degrees.

The next day, she opened the hospital's official wechat platform and asked a doctor if she could go to the hospital. The answer was still no. "A high body temperature requires a fever clinic to rule out the effects of the epidemic and a normal body temperature before surgery, or it could lead to infection, " the doctor replied on the platform.

There is no fever clinic in this tertiary level a specialist hospital. "patients with fever or pregnant or lying-in women should go to a medical institution in Shanghai with fever clinics and obstetrics and gynecology, " The wechat page of the hospital's call center reads. That means that vision needs to go to other designated hospitals in Shanghai that have fever clinics. The notice on the prevention and control of pneumonia among children and pregnant and lying-in women, issued by the COVID-19 on February 2, clearly stated that, pregnant and parturient women are more susceptible to COVID-19 pneumonia. Fantasia was worried that if she went to a hospital with a fever, she would get infected. Usually others will be infected with a cold, she did not dare to take this risk.

She tried all kinds of ways to cool down at home. In addition to applying a wet towel to her forehead, she poured herself with water, sometimes rubbed alcohol on her body, took small particles of Bupleurum, and so on. But it didn't work.

"I was already bleeding a little that day, there is Brown blood out, and the stomach has a feeling of menstruation" , the illusion of panic.

A friend on the Internet to help her consult an expert in obstetrics and gynecology, the expert replied: Fetal Stop More than two weeks, do not deal with will appear Coagulopathy, leading to more bleeding. Must be hospitalized for surgery as soon as possible.

Fantasia herself continued to consult her Doctor Online, and she went to the doctor at the Red House. The response, however, was the same as in the maternity home: Anything with a slight fever was not accepted. If you have to go to the emergency room, you need to meet the criteria for the emergency room, like if you have a bad bleed. Even when the vision told the doctor that she had a brown discharge, the doctor's response was either to lower her temperature at home, or to go to the fever clinic to rule out new coronary pneumonia.

"I felt hopeless, lying at home feeling like I was waiting to die, " said fantasia.

My parents back home in Ningxia are worried, too. Fantasia's mother called and said, "you're lying here. If you bleed out, you won't make it to the hospital. It's dangerous! "

At that moment, the vision suddenly wished it had a new coronary pneumonia. "I'd rather die at home than have a new pneumonia and be treated in a hospital. I'm infected. They're gonNA take me in, and when they do, they're gonNa take care of me. I don't have a low-grade fever like this, and I have to get rid of it all by myself. I don't know where to get rid of it."

That I'M GONNA catch a new coronary? The Vision begins to recall. She's been staying at home since the 21st. Although the epidemic was reported in the news on the first day and the second day of the Lunar New Year, the neighborhood in fantasia did not seem to respond, and people walking on the streets at that time did not wear masks. Before the first day of the Lunar New Year, there were people waiting in line to buy steamed buns in the snack shop downstairs every morning. Still, she didn't think it was likely that she would catch it, since she'd been home most of the time.

FANTASIA doesn't want to die.

She had gone to a specialist maternal and Child Health Hospital for fear of cross-infection if she went to a hospital with a fever clinic. But now she's off to a nearby second-tier hospital with a fever clinic -- the People's Hospital of Pudong New Area -- for emergency treatment.

She told the doctor she was bleeding. The doctor thought something was wrong, too, and asked, "you've been in labor for so long, why wait until now? You could bleed out at any time, and it's dangerous. "

The vision was tense and she was afraid of being rejected again. She did not tell the doctor that she had been turned away from the previous hospital because of her high temperature. She told a lie, said it was because she wasn't in line yet.

The doctor then asked her if she had ever been to Wuhan, and she said No. Because it was a special occasion, the doctor ordered a chest CT of Mirage to rule out new pneumonia. Vision, let's get to work.

There were a lot of people at the hospital, and they thought it was a waste of time to take the elevator, so she took the stairs. She ran up and down the hospital, feeling the pain of her womb falling. But also do not care so much, "at that time thought hurriedly in hospital, can live in is lucky. "

CT shows nothing. The hospital's willing to take her.

The doctor immediately called the inpatient department, told the other side here has a patient with an emergency, let the hospital to speed up the process of hospitalization.

"It felt like I was saved, and suddenly there was light in the darkest moment, " said the vision.

At around 4 p.m. on February 11, fantasia was admitted to a three-person Ward. She was alone in the ward because of the high temperature. She asked the nurse if the high temperature was caused by the heat from the previous inspection upstairs and downstairs? The nurse said it's possible.

"I was relieved that even with the bleeding, there was finally a place to save me, " she said.

In the ward, the nurse took her temperature every three or four hours. On the 12th, her temperature finally returned to normal. On the same day, doctors from other departments of the hospital came to the ward for consultation and asked her if she had shortness of breath, if she had diarrhea, etc. . The reveries all said No.

After three days on the pill, on the afternoon of February 14th, fantasia finally underwent surgery. She shuddered when she saw the doctor take the instruments from the operating bag, bag by bag, and throw the syringes into the plate. Without anesthesia, the doctor was afraid she would pass out from the pain and kept talking to her. The procedure was painful. "I was hallucinating, suffering, not only physically but mentally, and feeling like I was going to die. "

When the surgery was over, the vision was completely worn out. A doctor helped her from the operating room to the door. Outside the operating room, the nurse wheeled her into the room. She spent another night in her room, and the next afternoon, she was discharged.

Illusion recall, these days she experienced the life of "the darkest moment" , like "life back.

When she got home, she felt reborn.

Still, lying there, the Vision wonders, why did the tire stop? She recalls that she and her husband were careful about what they ate after they were ready to have a baby. They basically stopped eating all kinds of junk food, stopped drinking all kinds of drinks, and started eating folic acid early... she really didn't know what was wrong.

She'll remember the doctors who treated her. "Why was the doctor who refused to admit me so cold to me? " She recalled that her husband had prepared a large suitcase for her that morning. A nurse saw her sitting and waiting with the big suitcase and said, "It's so positive. "

But she also thinks of warm people. On Feb. 10, a confused phantasy found a doctor in Chongqing on another medical inquiry platform, asking if the low fever could be caused by inflammation, how she would cool herself at home, and so on. The doctor advised her to go to the hospital as soon as possible, not to be at home by herself, and not to take any of the medicine. But on February 17th, this doctor came to inquire about the vision, and asked if she'd had surgery.

"I was so moved. I just asked her a few questions and she didn't respond at all. I'm probably not even her patient. She remembers me. "

These days, as the hot city of rework influx, although the last 23,24 two days without new confirmed cases, but still face a severe epidemic challenges. According to figures released by the Shanghai Municipal Health Commission, as of 24:00 on February 24, the cumulative number of confirmed cases in Shanghai 335. Of these, 111 were from outside Shanghai, accounting for about thirty-three per cent.

Fantasia lives in a neighborhood with a lot of outsiders. On February 7th and 8th, she began to hear the sound of suitcases returning. On her way home, she could feel the crowds growing.

"I know the situation is serious, I understand the hospital, but there are also many patients who need to see a doctor because of high body temperature can only wait like this, waiting for the best time, waiting for an accident, " she said.

"hopefully, in this special time, everyone like me who has a special situation will be able to solve the problem smoothly. "

The new type of pneumonia is affecting people's hearts,

"In the world" is now available to National Netizens:

(1) video diary of the epidemic area
If you're in an infected area,
Please use photos (video) and written records
Everything you hear and see
No less than 3 photos
Text not less than 300 words
How to contribute: Zairenjianliving

(2) true story of the fight against the epidemic
Whether you're a first-line paramedic, a volunteer,
Confirmed or suspected patients and their family members, discharged patients, etc. ,
If you want to tell the story of the outbreak,
Please contact Zairenjian living on Wechat

The new type of pneumonia is affecting people's hearts,

"In the world" is now available to National Netizens:

(1) video diary of the epidemic area

If you're in an infected area,

Please use photos (video) and written records

Everything you hear and see

No less than 3 photos

Text not less than 300 words

How to contribute: Zairenjianliving

(2) true story of the fight against the epidemic

Whether you're a first-line paramedic, a volunteer,

Confirmed or suspected patients and their family members, discharged patients, etc. ,

If you want to tell the story of the outbreak,

Please contact Zairenjian living on Wechat

Go to "discover"-"take a look" browse "friends watching"

Sent

####Send it to take a look

Sending

A scan of wechat
Pay attention to the account


-------------
title: The darkest hour on earth for a pregnant woman
source: zai-ren-jian-living
authors: _
editors: _
proofreader: _
photographer: _
translator: _
via: https://github.com/2019ncovmemory/nCovMemory
link: https://mp.weixin.qq.com/s/cMn8fWXlckxAN5id_f5EPw
archive: http://archive.is/2cFET
snapshot: https://github.com/2019ncovmemory/nCovMemory/blob/master/archive/jpg/2062.jpg
lead: "I can't help it, " the doctor replied. "The temperature must go down. ".
cover: data:image/jpeg;base64,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
