##Diary of the outbreak | Day forty-four of the siege of Wuhan

Plantifulsoul

Introduction to behindmylife

2020.3.6

The day after tomorrow is International Women's Day, the unit did not arrange offline activities this year, changed to wechat public accounts to push on-duty female workers elegant demeanour. Last year, I hired an art teacher, taught the girls how to draw, and gave out two tickets to a movie. I was particularly impressed by the painting activity. I wore a black suit on the day of the activity. The collar was stained with acrylic paint. It took me a long time to brush it off. Finally, I found a recipe on the Internet. I put the clothes in the freezer to freeze hard and used a box cutter to shovel the paint. The Propaganda Department asked me if I had any photos of me working and studying at home during the epidemic, or videos showing my personal style. I said I was at home with greasy hair and greasy face, didn't wash my hair for a few days, and I was wearing household clothes. I didn't have any talent for playing and singing, let the other women contribute.

At that time, I got two tickets, very happy, the weekend can see two movies, colleagues said I can meet people to see a movie, just the community downstairs is Wanda Plaza, after shopping to eat. I asked, "why don't you go see two different movies? It's too much trouble to ask someone out. ". Colleagues only spit blood on the spot, straight I do not understand amorous feelings, "said we unit straight men, I see you are also one of them, iron straight women, straight women in the battle of JI. ".

I "do not understand amorous feelings" there is another reason, the department tradition, colleagues birthday party to eat a meal, and then to the birthday cake gifts. As for what to send, others will pull a discussion group to communicate in advance. At first, they always ask my advice and think I am a girl. I know this better. I always give "bad ideas" every time. The recommended gifts are household articles, colleagues can not stand, said can be romantic point, open mind, a bit creative, I continue to face a question mark, "send useful things, can be used at home. ". There was a few seconds of collective silence in the group, after which the department celebrated its birthday by entrusting another girl with the task of buying a gift and ordering a cake. I told them that my former colleagues had given me a big crockery pot for my birthday. When I brought it home, I was very happy. The Pot was heavy and I loved it. My colleagues in the department were stunned. One Girl said, if her boyfriend brings her a cauldron for her birthday, they might have a fight.

Previously, it was said that the convenience stores that smuggled goods during the war were no longer open. These few days, residents in the community asked the boss if they could buy cigarettes, lighters and snacks. The boss said that the industrial and commercial bureau had checked one by one in the past few days, and the store had posted a notice that it was not open for business, order your own takeout if you need it. Official figures show an improvement, from a few hundred diagnoses a day to more than 100 today, as the pressure on health care institutions has plummeted and efforts have focused on digesting inventories. This is a good news that "we can see the light ahead of us, " but the more we control ordinary people, the more we control them, the two guards at the side doors become four, the shops are all pasted with strips, some old neighborhoods don't have doors, they simply take the backboards to surround and die, and a small stool is moved to the door and put people on guard, the streets are also lined with plastic sheeting. Pedestrians go straight to Great road. The grass-roots staff are all strictly guarding against the secret operation of the shops and the confinement of people in old residential areas, and letting people sneak out. This situation makes me feel that the opening of the seal on March 10 is another joke, after all, at a press conference in Zhong Nanshan the other day, the epidemic is expected to end by the end of April, said Hubei as the center of the epidemic, Hubei under control, the country is really better.

Today, a friend forwarded me a document from the Hubei Epidemic Prevention Headquarters. In addition to Wuhan, arrangements have been made to resume work in the province, and production has been stepped up. The time for resuming work in Wuhan will continue to be studied and notified separately, although we are not sure about the authenticity of this document, but I asked several warehouses on Taobao about their stores in Hubei and told me, "it should be soon. I've been counting the number of workers returning to work recently, and I'll be able to go back and deliver the goods soon. " According to the new data in the past few days, in addition to Wuhan, there is still more than 100 growth, around the city is almost zero, it seems that Wuhan people will continue to suffer.

Now that the province has been liberalized to allow people to return to work in the Han Dynasty, can Wuhan residents also be untied, or at least be allowed to go downstairs for a walk. At the beginning, each household was allowed to send people out every three days to purchase supplies. Temporary certificates from the community office were issued to purchase daily necessities nearby. I think this kind of management mode is already very strict. In the end, it can be up to two times a week, if because some of the old community without the door, not easy to manage, there are always people out of the ground, we can accurately manage. Wuhan can not lift the seal in one move. One order and the three towns will be fully opened. Immediately, the traffic will resume years ago, the shops will be open, and people everywhere will be busy, and the transition will have to be slow, why not let the closed at home in Wuhan people take turns to breathe (I admit I was at home to almost suffocate) .

FRIEND CIRCLE ADDED A Wuhan Food Delivery Business, has a primary school second grade son, recently through her computer live broadcast class, during the day she and her husband take turns watching the son, to prevent him from surreptitiously out of the Studio Online, evening tutorial homework. She recorded a small video, one night after his homework, asked her when she can go out to play, closed at home for so long, obviously no mistakes, why not go out. In the eyes of the children, this kind of grounding was used to punish the child who made a mistake. Instead of making a mistake, he stayed at home to study. He still couldn't play outside. He had to drive the toy car back and forth in the living room.

We are locked at home, the building can not be down, the days of the end, the mood more and more irritable, pettiness can quarrel, the saying "nothing to find crooked" , the hearts are holding fire, can not find a place to vent, caught a small thing on the smooth climb. Yesterday, the man stood on the balcony of the next-door unit and stretched his neck out for a long time. The cause was very simple. The man stood downstairs and smoked. The woman was upstairs drying her clothes and shaking the quilt back and forth. The man felt that the woman had done it deliberately, leaving him with a head of ashes, the woman felt that the man is crazy, she took advantage of the sun is good, quickly drying clothes, did not pay attention to the people below. Two people who do not let each other, Wuhan Words scold red in the face, ring the whole community, the man finally angry, said do not shut up immediately rushed upstairs, the woman also did not yield, more strength shake the quilt, straight say you come, the iron door broke in. They quarreled with each other so much that all the other residents rushed out to the balcony to look around and see which one it was. Finally, two staff members from the property came and stood downstairs to break up the quarrel. Each of them stepped back and cursed their way into the house.

After the offline quarrels and online quarrels, these days Wuhan has been releasing frozen reserve meat one after another at low prices. Many people are competing to buy it. A mother-in-law in our group of more than 60 also wants to buy it. She posted a link in the group, hoping that someone in the community would organize it, others say that the reserve meat is in short supply, the surrounding shops are all limited supply, the five communities only give 300 copies a day, the community leaders directly contact the supermarket, it is very difficult to grab, or delay a few days, until the previous group of people bought frozen meat, our community then contact the supermarket, send a car for the pickup. The mother-in-law was very unhappy and insisted that the property and volunteers open a group. She felt that meat was cheaper than vegetables. To miss it would be a loss. Others continued to advise, telling the mother-in-law that the reserve meat was not of good quality, dark, with little meat flavor, not tasty, and that there were groups of raw meat in the community, can Group fresh pork beef, if you think pork is too expensive, group purchase of fresh river fish more cheap and good.

After her mother in law repeatedly asked her to buy meat for the group, a volunteer couldn't help but reply that if she really needed the package, she could organize her own group. When she reached 50, she could contact the community secretary and issue a certificate to stand in line at the supermarket, her mother-in-law immediately called herself "a nearly 60-year-old man who can't do anything. " This was a good thing. The young people who had been enthusiastic about answering before could no longer bear to put down their words directly. Who wants to eat who will open up a group? In any case, the individual could not connect with the supermarket, it's got to go on the community record. The mother-in-law read out the others'reluctance and shouted about being bullied, being a good Samaritan, and the active community fell silent for a moment. I told my friend about the meat reserve, and asked her if she had a limited package. No one in her neighborhood bought enough to eat, and she said she didn't dare to eat the meat reserve. Her family said it might be old Zombie meat.

The property organization sent care vegetables and fruits to the elderly people living alone in the community. A resident in the group immediately sent a message. There were also two elderly people in their family in their 70s and 80s. How come they never saw the property care for them? The property work was too irresponsible. It was all superficial, he's GonNa call the hotline, report the problem, call the city, call the mayor. After verification, the property responded that because of the previous door-to-door searches, the people had been photographed several times and nobody answered, thinking that no one was home, the telephone number left could not be reached, perhaps the elderly did not hear someone knocking at the door, the discussions on reporting / reporting and self-justification / refuting rumors in the surrounding communities, which coincide with the case of a certain star on the Internet, are the epitome of the whole society. I used to like to use "cut-side" , as if there were several other sides besides this one, now it feels like a black-and-white plane.

Now is the time to eat a variety of fresh wild vegetables and SPROUTS, Shepherd's purse, field rice, bamboo shoots, Leek flowers, Chinese toon... ... a few days ago in the box immediately saw on the shelf fresh toon, immediately added to the shopping cart, miss the soil flavor of toon too much, one mouthful seemed to taste of spring. After three or four days in a row, I finally bought a box of toona sinensis buds. Now Wuhan is buying food. The most in demand in addition to these seasonal fresh vegetables is bean products. Everyone is asking where they can buy bean products. Is there a group purchase package, a few pieces of tofu dried, the price is much cheaper than meat and eggs, put normally no one thought it was a rare treasure, now has become a very hard to grab things. Old People feel that meat is expensive, reluctant to eat, love to buy dried bean curd, now can not buy bean products, can only stare at the government issued reserve meat, several families in our group said parents only want to eat tofu and meat, not interested in fish and shrimp chicken. A few days ago in the micro-blog to brush the picture of rice pork, very disgusting, if the elderly bought home is these poor quality pork, it is really chilling.

We do Chinese toon, generally is fried dried, scrambled eggs, stir-fried Tofu, sometimes also used to stir-fry pie stuffing, although I can not eat northern pasta, only wild vegetable wheat rice, I can eat a big bowl at a stretch. Rice is best served with fragrant wild vegetables, such as Chrysanthemum, wild celery, elms, and sophorae flowers. Restaurants use rape and Celery, which are cheap and easy to buy. The leaves absorb water and stick flour to steam. Finally, pour on scallion, ginger, garlic and hot oil, mix well and eat while it's hot, with the smell of wild herbs in his mouth. I thought about it later. The way of making rice is very similar to the steamed vegetables in Hubei. The steamed rice with Chrysanthemum Chrysanthemum is steamed with rice flour wrapped with Chrysanthemum Chrysanthemum. There are also steamed beans, Pumpkins and Taro vegetables. I originally liked to eat steamed vegetables, no wonder I love the rice and dumplings in the north.

Standing in front of the window to see the park, green, should grow a lot of wild vegetables, used to see a basket of big sister, three or five groups squatting on the ground to pick wild vegetables, the basket also covered with a wet towel to keep fresh, half a day down harvest is quite fruitful. I admire the survival wisdom of big sisters, a pile of green always can accurately identify what is not to eat the weeds, what is to eat the wild vegetables.

Now I regret that I didn't make a tough effort to treat my teeth last September. At that time, my tooth ached for more than half a month. I went to the hospital to get a film. The doctor said that two molars on the left side had holes of inflammation. If I continued to develop, I would infect the tooth nerve. I needed to do root canal treatment for 1-2 months, i was afraid that I wouldn't be able to eat my food because of the pain, so the doctor simply cleaned and disinfected it, and I went home to take an anti-inflammatory and pressed it down, but the two decayed teeth became very sensitive from then on, and I couldn't chew hard for fear of cold stimulation. I continued to play with the problem of dragging as long as I could, and I chewed on the right side, you don't go to the hospital until your brain hurts.

I don't know what's going on these days. My teeth have relapsed, I have intermittent pain, it's not good to bite a little hard, if you brush your teeth in the morning and rinse your mouth with cold water, you really have to slow down for a long time, the end of the epidemic must not drag on, you have to keep your teeth in good condition, what if I use the right side every day, and use the right side too much, and it breaks? (Chinese people don't like hospitals.).

Recently, I've been listening to the series of "complex problems" , which will be updated sooner or later. In general, it is now popular to simplify complicated problems. Everything should be as simple and straightforward as possible, one link goes wrong, the whole chain doesn't work. This outbreak reflects our inability to deal with complex issues. The recent talk about defining heroes, with rhythm, political correctness, refuting rumors, are topics of interest, each issue more than ten minutes, time is not long.

In addition, I recommend the recent program of the IDO meeting, connecting with experts and journalists from Japan and South Korea, to analyze the domestic situation of Japan and South Korea under pneumonia, the official countermeasures, the feedback from the public and public opinion. The guests spoke very well. The first issue of the latest series, "china-japan Future Atlas, " introduces the much-watched governor of Hokkaido, Suzuki Straightaway. In the bid country, when a 38-year-old becomes governor of a province, in addition to being praised the most high-looking, people really have strength (as well as luck and timing) , and Koizumi's second son go in very different directions.

FERN classics on "in the face of new crown pneumonia, we can really sing a song of triumph" , to share with you: "What we have done in the past has been strong, resolute, and very effective. Unfortunately, it has one rather fatal flaw: It is unsustainable. Not only because this model of resource consumption is huge, but also because this model of the nature of the classical attributes, that is, people completely isolated from people, the economic and livelihood of the side effects far greater than in the Middle Ages.

On the one hand, huge consumption of resources, on the other hand, huge output of resources will be affected... once the economy and people's livelihood are in a dilemma, we will understand from the social level why poverty is the most serious plague this truth... economic livelihood consequences will be late, but will not be absent, when the arrival will be full of momentum. We don't have a clear sense of it yet, probably because we haven't had time to think about it and focus too much on containment itself.

The goal of cancer screening should be to screen for as many cancers as possible... in fact, the reasonable goal of cancer screening should be to reduce the number of deaths from cancer... for new pneumonia, if not completely blocked, what goals should the alternatives set? It's not that complicated:

- control the mortality rate and reduce the number of deaths;
- To avoid the depletion of medical resources and the collapse of medical resources as a result of short-term outbreaks of run-outs;
- Economy and people's livelihood, and the influence of normal economy and life is minimized.

Compared to Hubei and even the national series of initiatives, can better understand the "sustainable" of these three words, and more common point, who is the mother who is the child, the husband signed which.

Finally to "near happy" end, Weibo see a Wuhan interpretation of the map, "beans do not serve" , "painful" and "Pingge" contract I laugh today.

2020.3.6

The day after tomorrow is International Women's Day, the unit did not arrange offline activities this year, changed to wechat public accounts to push on-duty female workers elegant demeanour. Last year, I hired an art teacher, taught the girls how to draw, and gave out two tickets to a movie. I was particularly impressed by the painting activity. I wore a black suit on the day of the activity. The collar was stained with acrylic paint. It took me a long time to brush it off. Finally, I found a recipe on the Internet. I put the clothes in the freezer to freeze hard and used a box cutter to shovel the paint. The Propaganda Department asked me if I had any photos of me working and studying at home during the epidemic, or videos showing my personal style. I said I was at home with greasy hair and greasy face, didn't wash my hair for a few days, and I was wearing household clothes. I didn't have any talent for playing and singing, let the other women contribute.

At that time, I got two tickets, very happy, the weekend can see two movies, colleagues said I can meet people to see a movie, just the community downstairs is Wanda Plaza, after shopping to eat. I asked, "why don't you go see two different movies? It's too much trouble to ask someone out. ". Colleagues only spit blood on the spot, straight I do not understand amorous feelings, "said we unit straight men, I see you are also one of them, iron straight women, straight women in the battle of JI. ".

I "do not understand amorous feelings" there is another reason, the department tradition, colleagues birthday party to eat a meal, and then to the birthday cake gifts. As for what to send, others will pull a discussion group to communicate in advance. At first, they always ask my advice and think I am a girl. I know this better. I always give "bad ideas" every time. The recommended gifts are household articles, colleagues can not stand, said can be romantic point, open mind, a bit creative, I continue to face a question mark, "send useful things, can be used at home. ". There was a few seconds of collective silence in the group, after which the department celebrated its birthday by entrusting another girl with the task of buying a gift and ordering a cake. I told them that my former colleagues had given me a big crockery pot for my birthday. When I brought it home, I was very happy. The Pot was heavy and I loved it. My colleagues in the department were stunned. One Girl said, if her boyfriend brings her a cauldron for her birthday, they might have a fight.

Previously, it was said that the convenience stores that smuggled goods during the war were no longer open. These few days, residents in the community asked the boss if they could buy cigarettes, lighters and snacks. The boss said that the industrial and commercial bureau had checked one by one in the past few days, and the store had posted a notice that it was not open for business, order your own takeout if you need it. Official figures show an improvement, from a few hundred diagnoses a day to more than 100 today, as the pressure on health care institutions has plummeted and efforts have focused on digesting inventories. This is a good news that "we can see the light ahead of us, " but the more we control ordinary people, the more we control them, the two guards at the side doors become four, the shops are all pasted with strips, some old neighborhoods don't have doors, they simply take the backboards to surround and die, and a small stool is moved to the door and put people on guard, the streets are also lined with plastic sheeting. Pedestrians go straight to Great road. The grass-roots staff are all strictly guarding against the secret operation of the shops and the confinement of people in old residential areas, and letting people sneak out. This situation makes me feel that the opening of the seal on March 10 is another joke, after all, at a press conference in Zhong Nanshan the other day, the epidemic is expected to end by the end of April, said Hubei as the center of the epidemic, Hubei under control, the country is really better.

Today, a friend forwarded me a document from the Hubei Epidemic Prevention Headquarters. In addition to Wuhan, arrangements have been made to resume work in the province, and production has been stepped up. The time for resuming work in Wuhan will continue to be studied and notified separately, although we are not sure about the authenticity of this document, but I asked several warehouses on Taobao about their stores in Hubei and told me, "it should be soon. I've been counting the number of workers returning to work recently, and I'll be able to go back and deliver the goods soon. " According to the new data in the past few days, in addition to Wuhan, there is still more than 100 growth, around the city is almost zero, it seems that Wuhan people will continue to suffer.

Now that the province has been liberalized to allow people to return to work in the Han Dynasty, can Wuhan residents also be untied, or at least be allowed to go downstairs for a walk. At the beginning, each household was allowed to send people out every three days to purchase supplies. Temporary certificates from the community office were issued to purchase daily necessities nearby. I think this kind of management mode is already very strict. In the end, it can be up to two times a week, if because some of the old community without the door, not easy to manage, there are always people out of the ground, we can accurately manage. Wuhan can not lift the seal in one move. One order and the three towns will be fully opened. Immediately, the traffic will resume years ago, the shops will be open, and people everywhere will be busy, and the transition will have to be slow, why not let the closed at home in Wuhan people take turns to breathe (I admit I was at home to almost suffocate) .

FRIEND CIRCLE ADDED A Wuhan Food Delivery Business, has a primary school second grade son, recently through her computer live broadcast class, during the day she and her husband take turns watching the son, to prevent him from surreptitiously out of the Studio Online, evening tutorial homework. She recorded a small video, one night after his homework, asked her when she can go out to play, closed at home for so long, obviously no mistakes, why not go out. In the eyes of the children, this kind of grounding was used to punish the child who made a mistake. Instead of making a mistake, he stayed at home to study. He still couldn't play outside. He had to drive the toy car back and forth in the living room.

We are locked at home, the building can not be down, the days of the end, the mood more and more irritable, pettiness can quarrel, the saying "nothing to find crooked" , the hearts are holding fire, can not find a place to vent, caught a small thing on the smooth climb. Yesterday, the man stood on the balcony of the next-door unit and stretched his neck out for a long time. The cause was very simple. The man stood downstairs and smoked. The woman was upstairs drying her clothes and shaking the quilt back and forth. The man felt that the woman had done it deliberately, leaving him with a head of ashes, the woman felt that the man is crazy, she took advantage of the sun is good, quickly drying clothes, did not pay attention to the people below. Two people who do not let each other, Wuhan Words scold red in the face, ring the whole community, the man finally angry, said do not shut up immediately rushed upstairs, the woman also did not yield, more strength shake the quilt, straight say you come, the iron door broke in. They quarreled with each other so much that all the other residents rushed out to the balcony to look around and see which one it was. Finally, two staff members from the property came and stood downstairs to break up the quarrel. Each of them stepped back and cursed their way into the house.

After the offline quarrels and online quarrels, these days Wuhan has been releasing frozen reserve meat one after another at low prices. Many people are competing to buy it. A mother-in-law in our group of more than 60 also wants to buy it. She posted a link in the group, hoping that someone in the community would organize it, others say that the reserve meat is in short supply, the surrounding shops are all limited supply, the five communities only give 300 copies a day, the community leaders directly contact the supermarket, it is very difficult to grab, or delay a few days, until the previous group of people bought frozen meat, our community then contact the supermarket, send a car for the pickup. The mother-in-law was very unhappy and insisted that the property and volunteers open a group. She felt that meat was cheaper than vegetables. To miss it would be a loss. Others continued to advise, telling the mother-in-law that the reserve meat was not of good quality, dark, with little meat flavor, not tasty, and that there were groups of raw meat in the community, can Group fresh pork beef, if you think pork is too expensive, group purchase of fresh river fish more cheap and good.

After her mother in law repeatedly asked her to buy meat for the group, a volunteer couldn't help but reply that if she really needed the package, she could organize her own group. When she reached 50, she could contact the community secretary and issue a certificate to stand in line at the supermarket, her mother-in-law immediately called herself "a nearly 60-year-old man who can't do anything. " This was a good thing. The young people who had been enthusiastic about answering before could no longer bear to put down their words directly. Who wants to eat who will open up a group? In any case, the individual could not connect with the supermarket, it's got to go on the community record. The mother-in-law read out the others'reluctance and shouted about being bullied, being a good Samaritan, and the active community fell silent for a moment. I told my friend about the meat reserve, and asked her if she had a limited package. No one in her neighborhood bought enough to eat, and she said she didn't dare to eat the meat reserve. Her family said it might be old Zombie meat.

The property organization sent care vegetables and fruits to the elderly people living alone in the community. A resident in the group immediately sent a message. There were also two elderly people in their family in their 70s and 80s. How come they never saw the property care for them? The property work was too irresponsible. It was all superficial, he's GonNa call the hotline, report the problem, call the city, call the mayor. After verification, the property responded that because of the previous door-to-door searches, the people had been photographed several times and nobody answered, thinking that no one was home, the telephone number left could not be reached, perhaps the elderly did not hear someone knocking at the door, the discussions on reporting / reporting and self-justification / refuting rumors in the surrounding communities, which coincide with the case of a certain star on the Internet, are the epitome of the whole society. I used to like to use "cut-side" , as if there were several other sides besides this one, now it feels like a black-and-white plane.

Now is the time to eat a variety of fresh wild vegetables and SPROUTS, Shepherd's purse, field rice, bamboo shoots, Leek flowers, Chinese toon... ... a few days ago in the box immediately saw on the shelf fresh toon, immediately added to the shopping cart, miss the soil flavor of toon too much, one mouthful seemed to taste of spring. After three or four days in a row, I finally bought a box of toona sinensis buds. Now Wuhan is buying food. The most in demand in addition to these seasonal fresh vegetables is bean products. Everyone is asking where they can buy bean products. Is there a group purchase package, a few pieces of tofu dried, the price is much cheaper than meat and eggs, put normally no one thought it was a rare treasure, now has become a very hard to grab things. Old People feel that meat is expensive, reluctant to eat, love to buy dried bean curd, now can not buy bean products, can only stare at the government issued reserve meat, several families in our group said parents only want to eat tofu and meat, not interested in fish and shrimp chicken. A few days ago in the micro-blog to brush the picture of rice pork, very disgusting, if the elderly bought home is these poor quality pork, it is really chilling.

We do Chinese toon, generally is fried dried, scrambled eggs, stir-fried Tofu, sometimes also used to stir-fry pie stuffing, although I can not eat northern pasta, only wild vegetable wheat rice, I can eat a big bowl at a stretch. Rice is best served with fragrant wild vegetables, such as Chrysanthemum, wild celery, elms, and sophorae flowers. Restaurants use rape and Celery, which are cheap and easy to buy. The leaves absorb water and stick flour to steam. Finally, pour on scallion, ginger, garlic and hot oil, mix well and eat while it's hot, with the smell of wild herbs in his mouth. I thought about it later. The way of making rice is very similar to the steamed vegetables in Hubei. The steamed rice with Chrysanthemum Chrysanthemum is steamed with rice flour wrapped with Chrysanthemum Chrysanthemum. There are also steamed beans, Pumpkins and Taro vegetables. I originally liked to eat steamed vegetables, no wonder I love the rice and dumplings in the north.

Standing in front of the window to see the park, green, should grow a lot of wild vegetables, used to see a basket of big sister, three or five groups squatting on the ground to pick wild vegetables, the basket also covered with a wet towel to keep fresh, half a day down harvest is quite fruitful. I admire the survival wisdom of big sisters, a pile of green always can accurately identify what is not to eat the weeds, what is to eat the wild vegetables.

Now I regret that I didn't make a tough effort to treat my teeth last September. At that time, my tooth ached for more than half a month. I went to the hospital to get a film. The doctor said that two molars on the left side had holes of inflammation. If I continued to develop, I would infect the tooth nerve. I needed to do root canal treatment for 1-2 months, i was afraid that I wouldn't be able to eat my food because of the pain, so the doctor simply cleaned and disinfected it, and I went home to take an anti-inflammatory and pressed it down, but the two decayed teeth became very sensitive from then on, and I couldn't chew hard for fear of cold stimulation. I continued to play with the problem of dragging as long as I could, and I chewed on the right side, you don't go to the hospital until your brain hurts.

I don't know what's going on these days. My teeth have relapsed, I have intermittent pain, it's not good to bite a little hard, if you brush your teeth in the morning and rinse your mouth with cold water, you really have to slow down for a long time, the end of the epidemic must not drag on, you have to keep your teeth in good condition, what if I use the right side every day, and use the right side too much, and it breaks? (Chinese people don't like hospitals.).

Recently, I've been listening to the series of "complex problems" , which will be updated sooner or later. In general, it is now popular to simplify complicated problems. Everything should be as simple and straightforward as possible, one link goes wrong, the whole chain doesn't work. This outbreak reflects our inability to deal with complex issues. The recent talk about defining heroes, with rhythm, political correctness, refuting rumors, are topics of interest, each issue more than ten minutes, time is not long.

In addition, I recommend the recent program of the IDO meeting, connecting with experts and journalists from Japan and South Korea, to analyze the domestic situation of Japan and South Korea under pneumonia, the official countermeasures, the feedback from the public and public opinion. The guests spoke very well. The first issue of the latest series, "china-japan Future Atlas, " introduces the much-watched governor of Hokkaido, Suzuki Straightaway. In the bid country, when a 38-year-old becomes governor of a province, in addition to being praised the most high-looking, people really have strength (as well as luck and timing) , and Koizumi's second son go in very different directions.

FERN classics on "in the face of new crown pneumonia, we can really sing a song of triumph" , to share with you: "What we have done in the past has been strong, resolute, and very effective. Unfortunately, it has one rather fatal flaw: It is unsustainable. Not only because this model of resource consumption is huge, but also because this model of the nature of the classical attributes, that is, people completely isolated from people, the economic and livelihood of the side effects far greater than in the Middle Ages.

On the one hand, huge consumption of resources, on the other hand, huge output of resources will be affected... once the economy and people's livelihood are in a dilemma, we will understand from the social level why poverty is the most serious plague this truth... economic livelihood consequences will be late, but will not be absent, when the arrival will be full of momentum. We don't have a clear sense of it yet, probably because we haven't had time to think about it and focus too much on containment itself.

The goal of cancer screening should be to screen for as many cancers as possible... in fact, the reasonable goal of cancer screening should be to reduce the number of deaths from cancer... for new pneumonia, if not completely blocked, what goals should the alternatives set? It's not that complicated:

- control the mortality rate and reduce the number of deaths;
- To avoid the depletion of medical resources and the collapse of medical resources as a result of short-term outbreaks of run-outs;
- Economy and people's livelihood, and the influence of normal economy and life is minimized.

Compared to Hubei and even the national series of initiatives, can better understand the "sustainable" of these three words, and more common point, who is the mother who is the child, the husband signed which.

Finally to "near happy" end, Weibo see a Wuhan interpretation of the map, "beans do not serve" , "painful" and "Pingge" contract I laugh today.

The day after tomorrow is International Women's Day, the unit did not arrange offline activities this year, changed to wechat public accounts to push on-duty female workers elegant demeanour. Last year, I hired an art teacher, taught the girls how to draw, and gave out two tickets to a movie. I was particularly impressed by the painting activity. I wore a black suit on the day of the activity. The collar was stained with acrylic paint. It took me a long time to brush it off. Finally, I found a recipe on the Internet. I put the clothes in the freezer to freeze hard and used a box cutter to shovel the paint. The Propaganda Department asked me if I had any photos of me working and studying at home during the epidemic, or videos showing my personal style. I said I was at home with greasy hair and greasy face, didn't wash my hair for a few days, and I was wearing household clothes. I didn't have any talent for playing and singing, let the other women contribute.

At that time, I got two tickets, very happy, the weekend can see two movies, colleagues said I can meet people to see a movie, just the community downstairs is Wanda Plaza, after shopping to eat. I asked, "why don't you go see two different movies? It's too much trouble to ask someone out. ". Colleagues only spit blood on the spot, straight I do not understand amorous feelings, "said we unit straight men, I see you are also one of them, iron straight women, straight women in the battle of JI. ".

I "do not understand amorous feelings" there is another reason, the department tradition, colleagues birthday party to eat a meal, and then to the birthday cake gifts. As for what to send, others will pull a discussion group to communicate in advance. At first, they always ask my advice and think I am a girl. I know this better. I always give "bad ideas" every time. The recommended gifts are household articles, colleagues can not stand, said can be romantic point, open mind, a bit creative, I continue to face a question mark, "send useful things, can be used at home. ". There was a few seconds of collective silence in the group, after which the department celebrated its birthday by entrusting another girl with the task of buying a gift and ordering a cake. I told them that my former colleagues had given me a big crockery pot for my birthday. When I brought it home, I was very happy. The Pot was heavy and I loved it. My colleagues in the department were stunned. One Girl said, if her boyfriend brings her a cauldron for her birthday, they might have a fight.

Previously, it was said that the convenience stores that smuggled goods during the war were no longer open. These few days, residents in the community asked the boss if they could buy cigarettes, lighters and snacks. The boss said that the industrial and commercial bureau had checked one by one in the past few days, and the store had posted a notice that it was not open for business, order your own takeout if you need it. Official figures show an improvement, from a few hundred diagnoses a day to more than 100 today, as the pressure on health care institutions has plummeted and efforts have focused on digesting inventories. This is a good news that "we can see the light ahead of us, " but the more we control ordinary people, the more we control them, the two guards at the side doors become four, the shops are all pasted with strips, some old neighborhoods don't have doors, they simply take the backboards to surround and die, and a small stool is moved to the door and put people on guard, the streets are also lined with plastic sheeting. Pedestrians go straight to Great road. The grass-roots staff are all strictly guarding against the secret operation of the shops and the confinement of people in old residential areas, and letting people sneak out. This situation makes me feel that the opening of the seal on March 10 is another joke, after all, at a press conference in Zhong Nanshan the other day, the epidemic is expected to end by the end of April, said Hubei as the center of the epidemic, Hubei under control, the country is really better.

Today, a friend forwarded me a document from the Hubei Epidemic Prevention Headquarters. In addition to Wuhan, arrangements have been made to resume work in the province, and production has been stepped up. The time for resuming work in Wuhan will continue to be studied and notified separately, although we are not sure about the authenticity of this document, but I asked several warehouses on Taobao about their stores in Hubei and told me, "it should be soon. I've been counting the number of workers returning to work recently, and I'll be able to go back and deliver the goods soon. " According to the new data in the past few days, in addition to Wuhan, there is still more than 100 growth, around the city is almost zero, it seems that Wuhan people will continue to suffer.

Now that the province has been liberalized to allow people to return to work in the Han Dynasty, can Wuhan residents also be untied, or at least be allowed to go downstairs for a walk. At the beginning, each household was allowed to send people out every three days to purchase supplies. Temporary certificates from the community office were issued to purchase daily necessities nearby. I think this kind of management mode is already very strict. In the end, it can be up to two times a week, if because some of the old community without the door, not easy to manage, there are always people out of the ground, we can accurately manage. Wuhan can not lift the seal in one move. One order and the three towns will be fully opened. Immediately, the traffic will resume years ago, the shops will be open, and people everywhere will be busy, and the transition will have to be slow, why not let the closed at home in Wuhan people take turns to breathe (I admit I was at home to almost suffocate) .

FRIEND CIRCLE ADDED A Wuhan Food Delivery Business, has a primary school second grade son, recently through her computer live broadcast class, during the day she and her husband take turns watching the son, to prevent him from surreptitiously out of the Studio Online, evening tutorial homework. She recorded a small video, one night after his homework, asked her when she can go out to play, closed at home for so long, obviously no mistakes, why not go out. In the eyes of the children, this kind of grounding was used to punish the child who made a mistake. Instead of making a mistake, he stayed at home to study. He still couldn't play outside. He had to drive the toy car back and forth in the living room.

We are locked at home, the building can not be down, the days of the end, the mood more and more irritable, pettiness can quarrel, the saying "nothing to find crooked" , the hearts are holding fire, can not find a place to vent, caught a small thing on the smooth climb. Yesterday, the man stood on the balcony of the next-door unit and stretched his neck out for a long time. The cause was very simple. The man stood downstairs and smoked. The woman was upstairs drying her clothes and shaking the quilt back and forth. The man felt that the woman had done it deliberately, leaving him with a head of ashes, the woman felt that the man is crazy, she took advantage of the sun is good, quickly drying clothes, did not pay attention to the people below. Two people who do not let each other, Wuhan Words scold red in the face, ring the whole community, the man finally angry, said do not shut up immediately rushed upstairs, the woman also did not yield, more strength shake the quilt, straight say you come, the iron door broke in. They quarreled with each other so much that all the other residents rushed out to the balcony to look around and see which one it was. Finally, two staff members from the property came and stood downstairs to break up the quarrel. Each of them stepped back and cursed their way into the house.

After the offline quarrels and online quarrels, these days Wuhan has been releasing frozen reserve meat one after another at low prices. Many people are competing to buy it. A mother-in-law in our group of more than 60 also wants to buy it. She posted a link in the group, hoping that someone in the community would organize it, others say that the reserve meat is in short supply, the surrounding shops are all limited supply, the five communities only give 300 copies a day, the community leaders directly contact the supermarket, it is very difficult to grab, or delay a few days, until the previous group of people bought frozen meat, our community then contact the supermarket, send a car for the pickup. The mother-in-law was very unhappy and insisted that the property and volunteers open a group. She felt that meat was cheaper than vegetables. To miss it would be a loss. Others continued to advise, telling the mother-in-law that the reserve meat was not of good quality, dark, with little meat flavor, not tasty, and that there were groups of raw meat in the community, can Group fresh pork beef, if you think pork is too expensive, group purchase of fresh river fish more cheap and good.

After her mother in law repeatedly asked her to buy meat for the group, a volunteer couldn't help but reply that if she really needed the package, she could organize her own group. When she reached 50, she could contact the community secretary and issue a certificate to stand in line at the supermarket, her mother-in-law immediately called herself "a nearly 60-year-old man who can't do anything. " This was a good thing. The young people who had been enthusiastic about answering before could no longer bear to put down their words directly. Who wants to eat who will open up a group? In any case, the individual could not connect with the supermarket, it's got to go on the community record. The mother-in-law read out the others'reluctance and shouted about being bullied, being a good Samaritan, and the active community fell silent for a moment. I told my friend about the meat reserve, and asked her if she had a limited package. No one in her neighborhood bought enough to eat, and she said she didn't dare to eat the meat reserve. Her family said it might be old Zombie meat.

The property organization sent care vegetables and fruits to the elderly people living alone in the community. A resident in the group immediately sent a message. There were also two elderly people in their family in their 70s and 80s. How come they never saw the property care for them? The property work was too irresponsible. It was all superficial, he's GonNa call the hotline, report the problem, call the city, call the mayor. After verification, the property responded that because of the previous door-to-door searches, the people had been photographed several times and nobody answered, thinking that no one was home, the telephone number left could not be reached, perhaps the elderly did not hear someone knocking at the door, the discussions on reporting / reporting and self-justification / refuting rumors in the surrounding communities, which coincide with the case of a certain star on the Internet, are the epitome of the whole society. I used to like to use "cut-side" , as if there were several other sides besides this one, now it feels like a black-and-white plane.

Now is the time to eat a variety of fresh wild vegetables and SPROUTS, Shepherd's purse, field rice, bamboo shoots, Leek flowers, Chinese toon... ... a few days ago in the box immediately saw on the shelf fresh toon, immediately added to the shopping cart, miss the soil flavor of toon too much, one mouthful seemed to taste of spring. After three or four days in a row, I finally bought a box of toona sinensis buds. Now Wuhan is buying food. The most in demand in addition to these seasonal fresh vegetables is bean products. Everyone is asking where they can buy bean products. Is there a group purchase package, a few pieces of tofu dried, the price is much cheaper than meat and eggs, put normally no one thought it was a rare treasure, now has become a very hard to grab things. Old People feel that meat is expensive, reluctant to eat, love to buy dried bean curd, now can not buy bean products, can only stare at the government issued reserve meat, several families in our group said parents only want to eat tofu and meat, not interested in fish and shrimp chicken. A few days ago in the micro-blog to brush the picture of rice pork, very disgusting, if the elderly bought home is these poor quality pork, it is really chilling.

We do Chinese toon, generally is fried dried, scrambled eggs, stir-fried Tofu, sometimes also used to stir-fry pie stuffing, although I can not eat northern pasta, only wild vegetable wheat rice, I can eat a big bowl at a stretch. Rice is best served with fragrant wild vegetables, such as Chrysanthemum, wild celery, elms, and sophorae flowers. Restaurants use rape and Celery, which are cheap and easy to buy. The leaves absorb water and stick flour to steam. Finally, pour on scallion, ginger, garlic and hot oil, mix well and eat while it's hot, with the smell of wild herbs in his mouth. I thought about it later. The way of making rice is very similar to the steamed vegetables in Hubei. The steamed rice with Chrysanthemum Chrysanthemum is steamed with rice flour wrapped with Chrysanthemum Chrysanthemum. There are also steamed beans, Pumpkins and Taro vegetables. I originally liked to eat steamed vegetables, no wonder I love the rice and dumplings in the north.

Standing in front of the window to see the park, green, should grow a lot of wild vegetables, used to see a basket of big sister, three or five groups squatting on the ground to pick wild vegetables, the basket also covered with a wet towel to keep fresh, half a day down harvest is quite fruitful. I admire the survival wisdom of big sisters, a pile of green always can accurately identify what is not to eat the weeds, what is to eat the wild vegetables.

Now I regret that I didn't make a tough effort to treat my teeth last September. At that time, my tooth ached for more than half a month. I went to the hospital to get a film. The doctor said that two molars on the left side had holes of inflammation. If I continued to develop, I would infect the tooth nerve. I needed to do root canal treatment for 1-2 months, i was afraid that I wouldn't be able to eat my food because of the pain, so the doctor simply cleaned and disinfected it, and I went home to take an anti-inflammatory and pressed it down, but the two decayed teeth became very sensitive from then on, and I couldn't chew hard for fear of cold stimulation. I continued to play with the problem of dragging as long as I could, and I chewed on the right side, you don't go to the hospital until your brain hurts.

I don't know what's going on these days. My teeth have relapsed, I have intermittent pain, it's not good to bite a little hard, if you brush your teeth in the morning and rinse your mouth with cold water, you really have to slow down for a long time, the end of the epidemic must not drag on, you have to keep your teeth in good condition, what if I use the right side every day, and use the right side too much, and it breaks? (Chinese people don't like hospitals.).

Recently, I've been listening to the series of "complex problems" , which will be updated sooner or later. In general, it is now popular to simplify complicated problems. Everything should be as simple and straightforward as possible, one link goes wrong, the whole chain doesn't work. This outbreak reflects our inability to deal with complex issues. The recent talk about defining heroes, with rhythm, political correctness, refuting rumors, are topics of interest, each issue more than ten minutes, time is not long.

In addition, I recommend the recent program of the IDO meeting, connecting with experts and journalists from Japan and South Korea, to analyze the domestic situation of Japan and South Korea under pneumonia, the official countermeasures, the feedback from the public and public opinion. The guests spoke very well. The first issue of the latest series, "china-japan Future Atlas, " introduces the much-watched governor of Hokkaido, Suzuki Straightaway. In the bid country, when a 38-year-old becomes governor of a province, in addition to being praised the most high-looking, people really have strength (as well as luck and timing) , and Koizumi's second son go in very different directions.

FERN classics on "in the face of new crown pneumonia, we can really sing a song of triumph" , to share with you: "What we have done in the past has been strong, resolute, and very effective. Unfortunately, it has one rather fatal flaw: It is unsustainable. Not only because this model of resource consumption is huge, but also because this model of the nature of the classical attributes, that is, people completely isolated from people, the economic and livelihood of the side effects far greater than in the Middle Ages.

On the one hand, huge consumption of resources, on the other hand, huge output of resources will be affected... once the economy and people's livelihood are in a dilemma, we will understand from the social level why poverty is the most serious plague this truth... economic livelihood consequences will be late, but will not be absent, when the arrival will be full of momentum. We don't have a clear sense of it yet, probably because we haven't had time to think about it and focus too much on containment itself.

The goal of cancer screening should be to screen for as many cancers as possible... in fact, the reasonable goal of cancer screening should be to reduce the number of deaths from cancer... for new pneumonia, if not completely blocked, what goals should the alternatives set? It's not that complicated:

- control the mortality rate and reduce the number of deaths;

- To avoid the depletion of medical resources and the collapse of medical resources as a result of short-term outbreaks of run-outs;

- Economy and people's livelihood, and the influence of normal economy and life is minimized.

Compared to Hubei and even the national series of initiatives, can better understand the "sustainable" of these three words, and more common point, who is the mother who is the child, the husband signed which.

Finally to "near happy" end, Weibo see a Wuhan interpretation of the map, "beans do not serve" , "painful" and "Pingge" contract I laugh today.

Go to "discover"-"take a look" browse "friends watching"

Sent

####Send it to take a look

Sending

A scan of wechat
Pay attention to the account


-------------
title: Diary of the outbreak | Day forty-four of the siege of Wuhan
source: PlantifulSoul
authors: _
editors: _
proofreader: _
photographer: _
translator: _
via: https://github.com/2019ncovmemory/nCovMemory
link: https://mp.weixin.qq.com/s/POWrqOJ5oRZZEJ8kNiMW7A
archive: http://archive.ph/HxsWy
snapshot: https://github.com/2019ncovmemory/nCovMemory/blob/master/archive/jpg/2859.jpg
lead: Keep recording.
cover: data:image/jpeg;base64,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
