##Hospital worker sleeping on the street: The diagnosis is confirmed, which is good news and bad news

Micro-signal Zairenjian11

Features, with a calm narrative against the cold | phoenix network produced in the human studio

Phoenix News Client, produced by Phoenix Network Studio on Earth

Open the Phoenix News client, search "on earth" and follow

I am from Henan Province and I am a graduate student in Shenzhen. During the outbreak, my good friend Xiaoxiao and I did long-distance volunteer work in an organization, responsible for collecting information for help, Verification, and then by the Organization Unified Report to the relevant departments, arrangements for treatment.

February 8,8,9 pm, we received a call for help: Two aunt nurses in a hospital in Wuhan while caring for patients infected with new pneumonia, but the hospital, the community is not treated, currently wandering outside.

That day happened to be the Lantern Festival, Xiao Xiao and I talked about the time, I was eating dumplings to see the Lantern Festival party. I was a little shocked to see the message, reply her: The first time I heard that the people working in the hospital infected in the hospital, can not be hospitalized to live on the street!

I put down a half eaten Tangyuan, called her, and, through my aunt and her home economics company, got a rough idea of what happened:

Chen Yi, 48, and Zhang Yi, 52, came to Wuhan from Xiaogan and Huanggang to work in a hospital under the help of a housekeeping company. Before the outbreak of new crown pneumonia, they had been working as senior nurses in the back Lake Hospital area of Wuhan Central Hospital for many years. They take care of the patients in the ward during the day, and at night they put up an accompanying bed and sleep next to the patients. Zhang said she often does not leave the hospital gate for a long time and stays with patients 24 hours a day.

Since January 26, the Houhu Hospital area has been requisitioned as a designated hospital for new pneumonia. The rest of the patients in the hospital have been transferred to Wuhan Central Hospital. Aunt Chen and aunt Zhang have also been transferred along with the objects of care. The day after the transfer, the elderly patient in aunt Chen's care began to run a fever and was quarantined. On February 5, Aunt Chen also developed a fever. On the night of February 6, Aunt Chen was in the hospital for a CT and blood test, which showed signs of new pneumonia.

On the same day, Zhang Yi, who worked in the same ward, also had symptoms. On the 7th, aunt Chen had a nucleic acid test and aunt Zhang had a CT and blood test. "double lung scattered in Patchy Infection Foci, ground-glass-like density increased shadow" , suspected infection. "Go to the community to register at once, " the doctor told Aunt Zhang. Under the epidemic situation in Wuhan, the hospital can not directly receive patients, patients can only report to their communities, and then by the community to arrange to check, according to the results of admission treatment.

Inspection reports from the two nurses.

Hearing that she might be infected, "I was so scared, I didn't expect to encounter this, " Zhang said. Since they usually live and eat in hospitals, they immediately contact the community where the hospital is located, but the community said they were not residents of the community, "can not control. ". Aunties don't know what neighborhood they belong to, and they don't have anywhere else to live. At this time the hospital also did not let them live, the head nurse told them to leave, one is they do not have to care for patients, two is they also suspected of infection.

Aunt Zhang would like to go home for treatment, but the city of Wuhan, can not go out, can not go home. They don't know where they can go. They sit in the flower beds outside the hospital by day and sleep in the stairwells of nearby buildings at night. "We didn't have much clothing, and Wuhan was cold at night, so we were shivering in the first night. ".

I verified the information and reported it as normal.

"Can we find a rental house or a hotel first and solve the problem of the aunts' accommodation? We can't sleep on the street all the time, " he said. I was worried that the two aunts were just suspected cases and would not be solved immediately after they were reported, priority is usually given to those who are critically ill and have been diagnosed. I put that concern out there in the volunteer community.

"Then Send micro-blog, take the topic" , Xiao Xiao more understand this aspect. By 10:00, we were tweeting for help, hoping to find a place for the two nurses, and soon we had 25,000 retweets.

Dong was the first to contact me, they are an online volunteer group, people not in Wuhan, but can help to contact the hospital near the hotel, accommodation expenses they can also pay.

The second person I was willing to help was Baymax, who said, ask a friend who has a house in Wuhan, "Two aunts are suspected patients, is it OK to stay with your friends? " I think the suspected infection should be made clear to the person offering help first.

It wasn't long before Baymax told me that she had found it, but it wasn't very far and it was only a 10 minute drive away. I'll tell my aunt the good news at once.

However, how to get there has become a difficult problem, it is already a little after 1:00 a.m. , we sent the information to the Group of Wuhan Volunteer Motorcade, did not receive any reply. I tried to contact an acquaintance who said he was afraid to pick him up and drop him off without protection. I can understand why, in the face of so contagious a new case of pneumonia, one would risk coming into contact with a suspected patient without quarantine protection!

■ when the car owner refused to take the suspected patients to their place of residence because of the nurse aunt, the two aunts kept showing me the disinfectant they had brought with them, but the other still felt that there was no guarantee.

Dong Dong also has no good news, almost all the hotels have been requisitioned by the government, there are rooms also do not want to receive fever patients. The hotel's not working either.

Until 3:00 in the morning, we couldn't find anyone who would take her there. I had no choice but to tell my aunt to wait until dawn.

It was only later that I realized what this night meant to my two aunts, who were sleeping on the street for the second time, panicked, homeless, not knowing where to go tomorrow... they had hardly slept at all.

My phone has been ringing off the hook since the tweet went out.

"Is it true? Two aunties now? " "You try this phone" ... People's Daily and other media have also reached out to us to help register, there are reporters said to want to interview two aunties.

Xiao Xiao and I are not in Wuhan. We can only call each other remotely. We contacted three agencies in succession, but nothing came of it. The response is either not their responsibility, or can be reported, but when the results, at present "do not know. ".

The community said that many residents were still waiting in line and couldn't make arrangements; the hospital said that their district didn't accept fever patients, and that each side asked us to talk to the other or someone else. The two most frequently heard words of the day are "no" .

The bad news followed, as well-meaning people who agreed to provide housing backed down after the property company refused to allow suspected cases into the neighborhood.

Aunt Chen's nucleic acid test came back. It's positive. It's confirmed.

■ A photograph of two orderlies holding a CT scan.

At 3:00 in the afternoon, we suddenly couldn't reach them. Later, they said that someone to pick up, but who picked up, where to go, the aunt refused to say. Shinoxiao and I were worried about their safety, so we told our aunt's daughter and the domestic service company.

Aunt Zhang's daughter told me that a fellow countryman sent them to a small hotel, 40 yuan a night, two people crowded in a room can only fit a bed. When they went to the hotel, they lied about their illness. "They knew it wasn't a good idea, but they were so tired that they hadn't slept well for two days, so they ate a few cookies, which was given to her by her employer. My mother has diabetes and can't eat sweet food. She's really hungry. "

I figured if someone found out, reported it, they could be admitted, but at least now they can get some rest. I told my aunt to live in seclusion and try not to go out to meet people. But they don't get to touch anyone, and they're woken up as soon as they go to sleep. They got kicked out. They didn't know where else to go except at the hospital.

It's all back to square one.

It was after 8 p.m. , and if they couldn't find a place to stay, they would continue to live on the streets. I contacted all the people and organizations who could help, and told them the news of Aunt Chen's diagnosis, hoping to deal with it urgently. A volunteer in charge of registration told me that it would be easier if the diagnosis was confirmed. According to the current standard of care in Wuhan, the diagnosis could be registered directly with the hospital. But we won't know for sure until tomorrow at the earliest.

It's easy to report when you've been diagnosed, which is really good news and bad news.

People in the community also said that they would arrange for their aunt to go to the quarantine point, but there was a queue, so that was a bit of progress.

During that time, I contacted a district administrator who also had pneumonia, but would help with the problem. This winter, Wuhan is really too many sick people.

At night, I'm a little down. I don't know what else to do tomorrow, more afraid of my aunt's disappointment. Reporter Lao Xie said, inevitably, in the face of such a large disaster, each of us is very weak. Every day the media updates the number of people diagnosed, the number of people cured, but every life is not a number. Two aunts may not even be on the list.

More than 11 pm, Lao Xie's colleagues sent aunt cotton-padded clothes hot rice, they have not eaten hot things for a long time. Wuhan, near freezing temperatures, is no longer so cold.

On Feb. 9, the night after we tweeted, my aunt was still sleeping on the street, and the cry for help continued.

It may be that our multi-channel help-seeking has played a role. It may also be because of the new directive of "receive all and treat all" in Wuhan. On the afternoon of February 10, the community sent an aunt to Hongji Orthopaedic Hospital in Wuhan, it's a temporary quarantine.

For once, the two aunts relaxed and seemed happy. They kept telling me about the quarantines, taking pictures of the living conditions, the food the nurses brought in, the medication. Although no treatment can be arranged here, they feel it's good not to have to sleep on the street anymore.

■ My aunt showed me the supplies, food and medicine that the quarantine site had given them.

Two days later, they were taken to hospital for treatment. Zhang Yi was admitted with a suspected case and was later diagnosed. Zhang Yi also said that the doctor to treat diabetes medicine, blood sugar is also relatively stable.

On February 13th, there were 10,000 more new cases in the country, and many people were panicking, but I knew it was good news. More people were seen outside the "statistics" .

On March 5, two weeks after they were hospitalized, Zhang said she had recently had another nucleic acid test, and it was negative. The doctor says two more days of observation, and we'll be out of here. Aunt Chen's health is also improving.

"that after discharge where to go? " I have some worry, the general discharge will be picked up by the community, back to the community point to continue quarantine. Do not know to send aunt to the community is willing to take them back, rehabilitation, whether someone is willing to rent a house for them to live.

"The doctors say that when we recover, society will send us to quarantine, " I said. I was relieved to hear that, at least for now, it's all good news, and everything is getting better. Perhaps by the time the spring flowers bloom, aunt has been able to return to their homes.

After someone to aunt donations, aunt refused to accept. They say the Three Meals a Day is secure, there is food and drink, and there are people out there who can not be treated, and they need help even more.

Xiao Xiao and I finally put down our hearts. "We did a good thing this time, but we didn't leave our names, " Xiao joked. We continued to register for help and verify, and we knew we should register one more person as soon as possible, you might be able to help one more person, maybe even save a life.

Remember that day on February 15, two aunts told me that they had been admitted to the hospital, do not know how to thank me, I said: "Then when you recovered, I went to Wuhan, you invited me to eat hot dry noodles... "

I wish that day would come sooner.

(photos provided by interviewees)

For more outbreak stories, click "read the original Article" in the lower left corner.

The new type of pneumonia is affecting people's hearts,

"In the world" is now available to National Netizens:

(1) video diary of the epidemic area
If you're in an infected area,
Please use photos (video) and written records
Everything you hear and see
No less than 3 photos
Text not less than 300 words
How to contribute: Zairenjianliving

(2) true story of the fight against the epidemic
Whether you're a first-line paramedic, a volunteer,
Confirmed or suspected patients and their family members, discharged patients, etc. ,
If you want to tell the story of the outbreak,
Please contact Zairenjian living on Wechat

The new type of pneumonia is affecting people's hearts,

"In the world" is now available to National Netizens:

(1) video diary of the epidemic area

If you're in an infected area,

Please use photos (video) and written records

Everything you hear and see

No less than 3 photos

Text not less than 300 words

How to contribute: Zairenjianliving

(2) true story of the fight against the epidemic

Whether you're a first-line paramedic, a volunteer,

Confirmed or suspected patients and their family members, discharged patients, etc. ,

If you want to tell the story of the outbreak,

Please contact Zairenjian living on Wechat

Go to "discover"-"take a look" browse "friends watching"

Sent

####Send it to take a look

Sending

A scan of wechat
Pay attention to the account


-------------
title: Hospital worker sleeping on the street: The diagnosis is confirmed, which is good news and bad news
source: zai-ren-jian-living
authors: _
editors: _
proofreader: _
photographer: _
translator: _
via: https://github.com/2019ncovmemory/nCovMemory
link: https://mp.weixin.qq.com/s/Phx8hLcbEbRqaggdmKpUMg
archive: http://archive.is/qe1Bf
snapshot: https://github.com/2019ncovmemory/nCovMemory/blob/master/archive/jpg/2805.jpg
lead: "We shiver in the night. "
cover: data:image/jpeg;base64,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
