##Ferry in the epidemic area: Everyone in Wuhan is working hard

Wechat, renwumag1980

Feature Introduction, the best Chinese character report

Wuhan's bus and subway systems have been shut down since the outbreak, and private cars have been banned. The megacity of ten million people has quickly fallen silent from the DIN. The streets of Wuhan, once bustling and congested, are now empty and lonely.

But there is still a group of people active on the road in Wuhan, they put on full body protective clothing, equipped with disinfectant, face masks and other equipment, forming a volunteer convoy, shuttle back and forth between various hospitals, free of charge to pick up the first-line medical personnel who can not travel.
In the unusually quiet city, convoys of volunteers form a temporary artery that transports medics to the front line. At the same time also witnessed the story of every ordinary Wuhan People's fight against the epidemic.
We interviewed four of Josiah Goddard's taxi-hailing, ambulance-hailing volunteers. In the empty streets, they make the city's few engine sounds, bringing warmth and comfort to Wuhan.

Wuhan's bus and subway systems have been shut down since the outbreak, and private cars have been banned. The megacity of ten million people has quickly fallen silent from the DIN. The streets of Wuhan, once bustling and congested, are now empty and lonely.

But there is still a group of people active on the road in Wuhan, they put on full body protective clothing, equipped with disinfectant, face masks and other equipment, forming a volunteer convoy, shuttle back and forth between various hospitals, free of charge to pick up the first-line medical personnel who can not travel.

In the unusually quiet city, convoys of volunteers form a temporary artery that transports medics to the front line. At the same time also witnessed the story of every ordinary Wuhan People's fight against the epidemic.

We interviewed four of Josiah Goddard's taxi-hailing, ambulance-hailing volunteers. In the empty streets, they make the city's few engine sounds, bringing warmth and comfort to Wuhan.

Tidying up | Xing Yinhuan

"Say 'go' to the doctor. "

He can be moved for days."

Sung Dong, 37-year-old male

From my hometown of Huangshi, less than an hour's drive from Wuhan. Because it is very close, often come, so I am very familiar with Wuhan, university also read in this side. I have great affection for Wuhan.

I got married last year. I put my roots here. Darling was born more than five months ago at Wuhan General Hospital, now a hard hit area for feverish patients.

Wuhan People's character and the city's geographical location is very similar, from Wuhan, no matter where to go, will not be particularly far, so it all-encompassing, daily contact with people all over the country.

Wuhan people are quite warm, many people are very familiar with themselves. You're from out of town. You don't Speak Wuhan? It's okay. Wuhan people don't think outsiders are here to steal their jobs.

So at the beginning, when this kind of thing happened, people in Wuhan didn't feel so bad that they thought it would pass quickly.

Before this, I sometimes do the driving, in short, some work related to driving, the end of the business is better, so do not hurry back home, anyway an hour. But then this happened, and now there's no going back.

One morning, I opened my registered ride-hailing APP and found a lot of orders for 100 or 200 kilometers. Usually thirty kilometers is a big deal, more than 100 kilometers, a month or two single is very good. I felt abnormal at the time, but later I heard that the city was to be closed, and many people panicked.

The flood of "big orders" Made Shing Dong feel abnormal, he saved the first time screenshots

After the city was closed down, taxis were not enough and there was no ride-hailing service. Many medical staff had to ride shared bikes to and from work. Then they found out that Wuhan was actually very big.

I had a group of car buddies, and they were looking for volunteers to pick up and drop off the paramedics, so I signed up.

Wuhan is an open city, with no license plates and no odd or even numbers except for the Yangtze River Bridge. So the rush hour is usually very heavy, from Wuchang to Hankou may be two hours to walk, now 20 minutes at the most.

I was wearing a company issue Hazmat suit, airtight, and in two hours I was soaking wet. The doctors, when they came out of the hospital, they were all sweaty.

There's a doctor in my neighborhood, and I've been picking him up for over a week. He's a bit of an embarrassment. He's an only child, his parents are sick, and he's on call. The store opens at 9:00, closes at 4:00, he goes to work at 7:00, leaves at 8:00 or 9:00, and he can't get groceries. I would buy his groceries, and the community would buy them and send them to his house. He was so moved, he'd bring me masks, alcohol, and instructions.

There is also a nurse, living far away from the hospital, more than 20 kilometers, usually live in a hotel. There is a child at home, her parents are not well, that day she had to go back to deliver medicine, can not get a car, I went to pick her up. She told me that when taking care of patients, they would say to her, go doctors.

I just realized that most patients and doctors encourage each other. Health care workers really need positive energy. When volunteers like us go to pick them up, they even choke up when we say, "go for it. ".

Sung-dong, open the door, "ventilate. "

I read online that some of the clinicians were infected, because if they didn't do it, no one else would. So they kept insisting.

If you see an off-duty doctor on the way or in the elevator, tell him to go on and take care of himself. He can be moved for days.

Now I have to sterilize every day before I drive, and every day after I get off the bus. I take care of myself for the sake of my family. When they get home, they take their coats and shoes to the balcony.

When I come home to my wife and Darling, I feel no regrets. I used to hold darling every day. Now he can't. I won't touch him. But I still have to see him every day.

They say it's dangerous out there,

So I volunteered. I didn't tell anyone."

Li Jie, 50-year-old female

I'm from Yichang. I'm 50 years old. I've been in Wuhan for almost 30 years. I started my own company to do some business before, now living conditions are good, collect rent at home, play Mahjong, often also to the temple to live a day or two, will also do volunteer, to serve Porridge and so on.

I heard a rumor in mid-january, and it didn't seem like a big deal at the time. I was 22,23 only began to nervous, because the bus stop, the city of Wuhan closed.

My husband and daughter had gone to Yichang to visit their grandmother. If it hadn't happened, they would have returned to Wuhan on the 23rd, but they couldn't.

I spent the New Year's Eve alone, that day I saw someone in the group lost Qr Code, said it was a volunteer car, I signed up. Doctors are on the line, and I feel like I should do something for them.

I had people calling me every day, telling me not to go out. My daughter video-chats with me every day, telling me not to go out, that it's dangerous out there.

So, I didn't tell anyone, if you're GONNA do it, do it yourself. If they find out, they might try to stop me, and I'm afraid of my family.

Before I had a suit, I had two masks on. I don't have a problem. I can take care of myself. Every day the car has to be disinfected, and when I cross the bridge, I leave the windows open, and it's draughty, but it's cold.

Now I spend 10 minutes every day to wear protective clothing, wipe disinfection is relatively troublesome, I usually wipe two or three times, wear special attention not to touch the skin.

Volunteer Li Jie in full protective gear (right)

We didn't get out of the car while we were waiting for a ticket, thinking it was risky, and we all sat in our cars, swiping our phones.

Many of the women I picked up were lesbians, and their families, if not medical staff, left early and went home for Chinese New Year, leaving them alone in Wuhan, just like me.

They have not had a rest since the Spring Festival, and many of them have been staying in hospital. I come home from time to time, just to grab a few things, take a shower or something. Someone to the car, although tired can only fall there, do not want to talk, but remind me to pay attention to protection, protect themselves, we are very polite.

There are also a lot of women who volunteer for the ride. Once when I was delivering a doctor, I saw a volunteer in another car delivering a patient with a fever, because everyone was wearing protective clothing and couldn't see clearly, but I could tell from her voice that it was a girl.

Josiah Goddard, take a cab. It's the "care car" product entrance

Wuhan people, usually quite Shrewish, but this time are very amiable. Our community, someone said I have Garland Chrysanthemum at home, I want to eat radish, and then some people say, I have radish, I come with you for Garland. Who does not have a mask, others know, will hang on their door, and then in the group said, I have, hanging on the door, take it.

We all want the virus to go away. After this outbreak, I think, we must cherish life, other things can be a little more open, simple life.

The doctor handed me my breakfast and said, "don't throw it away. "

Dai Min, 39-year-old male

I am a native of Wuhan, working in Wuchang Shipyard and living with my 70-year-old father. Every day from nine to five, step by step, after work on the top of gold run a special car.

At the end of November last year, my mother passed away, and on this year's New Year's Eve, it was just me and my father at home, cooking for ourselves. According to custom, the first day to the third day, can not walk relatives, after the fourth day can go out New Year.

So I bought thousands of dollars in advance to eat things, ready to Spring Festival home visitors, used to call. And now I have to leave it at home and eat it by myself. I told my dad, "stay home. Don't go out. There's a lot of food. ".

I heard something around the end of December, and I got a little concerned. At that time, to speak from the bottom of my heart, I felt a little far away from myself. I never thought it would happen to me, like this.

Later, when the government announced it, I couldn't believe it was true. Then the work unit on vacation, the first few days, I stay at home to watch the news, things get more and more serious, I stay at home, want to do something, want to contribute.

When I signed up, I didn't tell my father. He's old. He's GonNa be worried. But then on the way out, I told him anyway. He didn't say anything. He just told me to take precautions.

I told him I was wearing a mask, I was wearing gloves, I had a motorcycle helmet, and even clothes, I was wearing a one-piece Hazmat suit. It's a little hot, but I'm all set. And there's disinfectant tablets in the car.

He was relieved, but reminded me to pay attention.

Dae-min waiting list

One day at the most, I sent eight paramedics to and from work. Their work pressure is very big, every day is busy non-stop, can see, some people are very tired. I just wanted to make it easier for them to get home early.

One time, I went out at 6:30 in the morning and picked up a guy at 7:00. It was the second time I had given him a bottle of milk and two loaves of bread. He said, I know there is no early sale, you may not have eaten, I hope you do not because I am a medical staff, and these foods.

There's a lot of that going on, some with masks, some with drinks. Other shuttle bus volunteers have been there, and they care about us, the people who pick them up. Even though we volunteered to do it, no strings attached, we were touched.

I didn't expect so many people to volunteer, to risk their lives, to take care of the medical staff for free. Two large groups of hundreds of people are full, some volunteers can not pick up people, but also a little regret, joking: Business is not good today Ah.

"They took people from death. "

Liu Wei, 30-year-old male

I am a native of Wuhan. I grew up in Wuhan. My family is here. I have a three-year-old daughter. This Spring Festival had planned to go to Chongqing with my family.

I heard some rumors in mid-january, and I didn't take them seriously at the time, because they were just rumors. After the 20th, began to nervous, in the mobile phone to see a news report, Wechat, friends are saying. That's when I bought the mask and the 84 disinfectant to keep at home.

After the city shut down, I heard they were looking for volunteers to transport medical staff, so I signed up. You said it was dangerous, I did not think so much, looked at the registration of many people, I thought, if I was elected, just do this thing. It's not GonNa go away because we're hiding at home.

At the beginning of the registration, the family is not supported, mainly for fear of protection. After I got elected, I went out for a day or two. We were given protective clothing and face masks at the beginning.

Came out this morning, picked up six at 12:00, picked up nine or ten a day. Some work from 6 am to 7 am and come home late at night. I picked up the last one and didn't get home until nearly 12 am. Some people live so far away, I picked one up this morning, almost 50 kilometers, two blocks across.

The vehicles and drivers of the "ambulance" are fully protected

I spoke to a paramedic. Are you scared? He said, this is my responsibility, we are now from the hands of death, can rob one is one.

Hospital beds are tight, but they're all in a hurry.

Everyone in Wuhan is trying. Whether it's the doctors, the volunteer motorcade, the street workers, the sanitation, everyone's doing their part.

I am a company employee, the original has been nine to five, after work with my daughter. My daughter is three years old, and now she has to find her father every day, because I haven't been home lately, and I go out before she gets up, and sometimes she comes home late, and she goes to bed.

I met her only occasionally, and she was too young to understand the complexities of the epidemic. I told her:

"Daddy's doing something very meaningful. "

Haven't you seen enough?

LONG-PRESS QR code to follow "people" on Wechat

There's more where that came from

Go to "discover"-"take a look" browse "friends watching"

Sent

####Send it to take a look

Sending

A scan of wechat
Pay attention to the account


-------------
title: Ferry in the epidemic area: Everyone in Wuhan is working hard
source: ren-wu-/-mei-ri-ren-wu
authors: _
editors: _
proofreader: _
photographer: _
translator: _
via: https://github.com/2019ncovmemory/nCovMemory
link: https://mp.weixin.qq.com/s/53pDJgSyEkm4DJtQ75zm0w
archive: https://archive.ph/TfQpz
snapshot: https://github.com/2019ncovmemory/nCovMemory/blob/master/archive/jpg/113.jpg
lead: If you meet an off-duty doctor and say, "go for it, " he can be moved for days.
cover: data:image/jpeg;base64,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
