##He's infected, but he's still treating patients online

Wechat, bingdianweekly

Features, China Youth Daily's in depth reporting brand. We believe that news has more than one day of life.

A doctor at the Tibet looks at a patient's chest x ray on Feb. 1. At present, the only confirmed case of COVID-19 pneumonia in Tibet is hospitalized here. Jueguo / Xinhua CNML photo

By Yang Hai

Editor, from Yuhua

Li Liang, a ward director at a third-tier Hospital in Wuhan, has been in contact with "suspected cases" since early January. At the time, he had not received much warning of the danger and had been exposed for a long time to a patient who was later diagnosed.

Finally, he was diagnosed with NCP on January 22. Soon, his family also began to develop symptoms such as fever, and later all were confirmed to be infected. It's frightening for a doctor who has been practicing medicine for 17 years and is used to seeing a variety of acute and severe conditions.

After the outbreak, he saw the number of fever outpatients in the hospital multiply, and the standards of care established at the time kept most patients out of the ward. These suspected cases, which in his view could be "clinically confirmed" , had to go home or wherever they wanted to go, becoming a "moving source of infection" .

He was infected with three nurses, fortunately, they are mild, self-isolation at home after the illness has improved. A nurse has returned to the front line.

He now runs an online clinic on the hospital's public ID, which sees hundreds of patients a day.

After recuperating, Dr. Li Liang's health has improved. He started an online clinic for people with fevers. I've seen over 200 patients in less than 20 hours.

His CT shows some inflammation in his lungs, and he says he wants to get back to the line as soon as possible.

Here's what Li Liang says:

Our Ward is usually treated by some complex acute patients, there are any disease, not only within the respiratory tract. Around December of last year there was a slow-motion (rumor) of pneumonia cases in Hankou linked to the south China seafood market. But we're in Wuchang, which is like being in a different part of the country, and we don't care that much.

By the end of December, I saw an increase in the number of cases uploaded on the Internet. In addition, the Health Commission sent a notice to the hospital to report patients with pneumonia of unknown cause. People were paying more attention to patients with fever and cough than before. The HHS also issued some routine diagnostic criteria, and then there was a significant increase in these patients around the beginning of January. We were already starting fever clinics, where some patients were seen, and also in the emergency department.

The diagnostic criteria were so stringent that many patients actually missed a diagnosis or were not taken seriously. Patients must have a history of exposure to the south China seafood market, and must be treated with antibiotics for at least three days without significant improvement, among other conditions, before they can be screened for pneumonia of unknown origin.

We officially started the ward as a fever isolation ward on January 8th, providing an isolation zone for clinically suspected patients.

But the patient I had contact with was on January 5th, before our isolation ward opened, and I had contact with a patient with severe pneumonia. He was transferred from the county level city hospital, because there is no contact history of the south China market, so he does not meet the conditions for the diagnosis of pneumonia of unknown causes, leading to his infectious disease occupational exposure.

The patient was suffering from the symptoms of pneumonia: fever, cough. We had a confirmed CT diagnosis, clinically highly suspected viral pneumonia, but the diagnostic criteria at the time were insufficient to release him, so we observed him for two days.

Our Ward had not been requisitioned at that time, it was a general ward. We medics are simple respirators, regular surgical masks, regular respirators. But we've isolated him in an area where he doesn't intersect with anyone else.

I've been spending a lot of time with the CARE team. I want to have enough time to consult, physical examination, nursing time is also relatively long. Usually with infectious patients close contact will be infected, will not say a short time to be infected, this infection is less likely.

So far, it's been a relatively long exposure, which is why family gatherings are particularly bad, not because you can catch it from a bus ride.

Then I was asked to go to the gold and Silver Tan hospital consultation, saw a patient on the ECMO (artificial heart and lung) , that is when I realized the disease is very serious.

After the isolation ward was set up on January 8th, our protection came up, and the hospital required a secondary level of prevention. And we had more and more patients, and we had 15 beds, we had 14 patients, but the first five days were full and we were running.

At first, we were able to secure admission to the fever clinic, which admitted five or six people who were clinically likely to be hospitalized, but by the sixth day, we were completely unable to do so.

In fact, at that time, our hospital opened up some new wards, the Department of infection opened up a new ward, the ICU also vacated 17 beds. But that's not enough to ward off a high incidence of patients, most of whom are clinically diagnosed but have not yet been tested for nucleic acids.

There were no conditions for nucleic acid testing, and no one handed out kits. In addition, because the diagnostic criteria at the time had to be followed, the patient had to have a history of exposure to south China (seafood market) , no significant improvement in standard antibiotic treatment for three days, and the detection of common respiratory pathogens was negative before screening. So under the harsh conditions of the day, only a third of patients could apply for a nucleic acid test.

Besides, even after our antibiotic treatment failed for three days, we were able to test for nucleic acids, which involved some test deviation, with false negative results.

It wasn't until Jan. 16, when the National Health and Human Services Commission formulated a new pneumonia diagnosis and treatment plan, changing some standards, such as no longer requiring patients to have a history of exposure to the south China market, but rather a history of travel to Wuhan, that the previous local diagnosis and treatment standards were abolished, that's when the suspicious cases started to pile up.

Later, more and more patients, doctors and nurses more and more chance of infection, because all departments may have patients, not necessarily just fever departments. They could be headed for respiratory, they could be headed for surgery, they could be headed for dialysis.

You'll find that doctors and nurses are especially likely to win the bid during that time. Because there is no protection, it is only in isolation rooms, which are known to admit these patients, that protection is strengthened. ICU, our department, the winning bid of doctors and nurses will be a lot less.

The first people who knew about these things, were in our hospitals, and we could also do some nucleic acid tests, although only for the infected doctors, which is the scientific equivalent of screening the winning colleagues. Therefore, our hospital is the early protection.

I'm a couple of regular fever consultants at the hospital. There's three of us. What I see is that fever clinics have gone from more than 200 people a day when they opened, to more than 300 people, to more than 400 people, and so on and so forth.

Our fever clinic has been running 24 hours a day since it opened, and many patients have to wait from day to night to see it. But the problem was not solved. Many patients could not be hospitalized, could not have their nucleic acid tested, and had to go home.

Fever clinic is basically from the various departments of experts, doctors. Doctors themselves have a huge workload, each doctor in two places to run back and forth, and there are so many infusion, far beyond the usual volume of consultations, and can not close the door at o'clock, can not close. The patients are many, many.

As long as there are suspected patients, we three consultation experts must be signed before the next process, such as admission to the emergency room, or wait and see. It's mandatory, and the three specialists come from the hospital's infection department, the respiratory department, and the emergency department.

Before I got infected, I went to the fever clinic at least forty times a day, with about two or three patients at a time. In fact, the patients we consult with are almost always clinically diagnosed. I feel like more than half of the fever clinic is infected with pneumonia. But we only had so many, so the patients were under a lot of stress and emotion.

I don't have a problem with patients, but I do have a problem with doctors. But no way, I saw also no way, because the bed is so many, full, treatment cycle is long, are more than 10 to 20 days, turnover is very slow.

I knew at the time that the disease would be highly contagious and could be passed from person to person, but no one was sure. You don't know if it's going to be passed down from one person to the next, so there's a lot of mobility, a lot of peace. Then we all prepare for the new year normally, all stuffy in the pot. The diagnostic criteria were so strict that many patients who had been clinically diagnosed could not be treated.

It was quiet out there for a while, but our hospital was about to explode. More and more suspected cases, all doubling in size. And the patients we treat are familial. It's got to be passed from one person to another. We had this on the first day, and sometimes we had four families in 15 beds.

Later, our hospital in accordance with the strongest infectious to do the preparation, then is in accordance with the "SARS" when the protection standards.

I told the patient about the danger, but it didn't work. I didn't even tell my family. No one believed me. No one believed me. It wasn't until you or your family were infected, and the media started to focus on it, that people started to get scared.

It's a unique disease, with unique CT images and clinical features, features I've never seen before. I've had adenoviruses and bird flu before, but those patients don't progress the same way they do, said Dr. viral pneumonia, an infectious disease specialist at the University of California, San Diego.

If you're a regular doctor, and you see it for two or three days, you basically know it's a unique disease, you don't need a nucleic acid test, you don't need it.

I had a fever on the 17th, thirty-eight degrees, no other symptoms at the time. I did a couple of lung cts, and they were normal, so I thought it might be upper respiratory tract infection. Because the hospital took my condition very seriously, we had a COVID-19 swab from my throat, and as soon as it tested positive, it was confirmed.

He was quarantined once he was diagnosed. Then there was the cough, and then the lung problem on the follow-up. Before and after I was diagnosed, three of the nurses I worked with were infected, and the first one was diagnosed on the 13th.

Because I was quarantined in the hospital for a few days before I went home, and the CT was clean, so I went home on the 17th to rest.

I came home the night before, and by noon the next day, I was freezing, so I went back to work. After staying at home for half a day, all my family members were infected. They began to cough and have a fever. My wife, two children and an old man were infected. Fortunately, the family symptoms are relatively light, at home I and slightly better health of the elderly to take care of others, equivalent to patient care patients.

After my family was infected, I had a first-hand experience of the virus, a new understanding, a real sense of fear.

But I want to get back to the front line as soon as possible because "there's nothing there" .

Note: To protect the privacy of interviewees, Li Liang is an alias.

This article was independently produced by China Youth Daily, first posted on the China Youth Daily Client and headline number, and added to the tree project.

If you think it looks good, click here

Go to "discover"-"take a look" browse "friends watching"

Sent

####Send it to take a look

Sending

A scan of wechat
Pay attention to the account


-------------
title: He's infected, but he's still treating patients online
source: FREEZING POINT
authors: _
editors: _
proofreader: _
photographer: _
translator: _
via: https://github.com/2019ncovmemory/nCovMemory
link: https://mp.weixin.qq.com/s/X024ciV2BPayaLabwHoo5w
archive: https://archive.vn/HThCt
snapshot: https://github.com/2019ncovmemory/nCovMemory/blob/master/archive/jpg/347.jpg
lead: We look forward to his return to the fight against the plague.
cover: data:image/jpeg;base64,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
