##Sketches, the artist's Wuhan Diary

Micro-signal Yeguangbeifukan

Function introduction the supplement of Xinmin Evening News, founded on May 1,1946, is the oldest comprehensive supplement of Chinese newspapers.

At home, with a few pencils and a few pieces of sketch paper, I chose to draw and record this special day..

Since January 23rd, the last month of the lunar calendar, twenty-nine, Wuhan, a beautiful and prosperous city in the middle of China, has been under heavy gloom because of the epidemic. In this case, but also in order to have spiritual support, through the difficult lonely time, so began to record different groups of people through the brush mentality and experience.

It shows me, the families of the first-line medical workers, ordinary people in isolation, the first-line medical workers, grass-roots party members, there will be express delivery workers, cleaners, first-line duty officers... we are all ordinary people, at this moment in Wuhan, living the real life. At this moment, all this with palpitations, with the temperature between inhalation, with loss and hope..

January 23rd

First thing in the morning, the flight was canceled. The original calm mood suddenly increased to the intermediate level of tension, but still pretend to be calm to the supermarket to buy food and vegetables. Stay at home need flowers comfort, first bought a bunch of flowers, and then go to buy vegetables, found that there are few left. The supermarket staff worked feverishly, which eased my mental tension. Some blindly took some food. The in the mind is still a mess, had made several days not to go downstairs the preparation.

In fact, on the 18th, I had a bad cold, now there are some cough, trachea and throat inflammation, although subjectively know that it is only a cold, but still feel very heavy, I intend to take oral antibiotics, so that the inflammation early elimination.

January 24th, age 30

I woke up today and things were getting pretty serious. Yesterday it was moderate anxiety, but today the fire is burning, feel unprecedented panic!

The son and daughter-in-law of a classmate of mine are on the front line of the hospital. Here are a few of his WECHAT MESSAGES:

I've never worried about a public incident, and this time I'm really anxious, because when it comes to their son and their career. Not only do they have a confirmed case, but they're filling up with suspected patients.

How can we let him and his wife join the front line? If I could go to war and do it with my bare hands, I would not hesitate to send US UP THERE! It just so happens, and let a bunch of kids Remember the Titans... they're just a bunch of kids who aren't totally independent yet! You can't even guarantee your own protection!

I do not know what to say, can only be the students and I say the words to listen to everyone, pay tribute to those angels in White!

January 25, the first day of the Lunar New Year

Wuhan, the development of the epidemic continued to tense, at the same time, the surrounding areas of Wuhan also showed a state of explosion. An invisible smoke filled everyone's heart..

Friend circle saw a friend get up early to work, wearing a simple mask, with dry food, so, want to see a grass-roots party members of the common feelings.

"I don't care if it's a lie, I don't care if it's a mask, I don't care if it's alcohol, I don't care if it's going to go out, but I still believe that the chaos at the beginning doesn't mean that you're powerless and you're giving up. Facts have proved this point, the so-called blockade, if not everyone's self-consciousness, is fundamentally sealed. This is civilization, this is magnanimity! This is the Wuhan people do not submit to Zhou, do not believe in evil! When this wave passes, I will say to the world with great pride: 'I am from Wuhan! Yes! Yes!"'

As night fell, I saw five confirmed cases reported by a school hospital in a surrounding city, including two ordinary citizens, a nurse and two grass-roots cadres. There are still plenty of people waiting outside the hospital, doctors, nurses and grassroots cadres. It's a city capillary, it's a terminal, but it's on duty. Panic is still expanding, the post is still busy, the work is still busy in order!

Finally, share this friend in the circle of Friends of a sentence: "everyone is really not easy. I admire all of us! "

26 January

The second day of the Lunar New Year. Friends see a friend on the roof, so asked why. Friends said: "Out to the roof of the air. " But I see behind the city is still bright lights, but she is not as warm, clearly from us so close, but why feel so far away?

The city we live in is angry! We were wrong! We need you! We want to be close to you! We are all in reflection, closed door to reflect, once so gentle and inclusive of you, why so cold. We want to go out, think of your arms, want you still with a smile to accommodate us! When will you smile for us again? WE'RE LOOKING FORWARD TO IT!

27 January

Time flies, today is the third day of the Lunar New Year. "We are all on the front line, " read a message in a group of friends. "We are all afraid to go home to see our children now, except for work and self-isolation. " I know the couple are both on the front line of the hospital. The child is a senior in high school and is preparing for the college entrance exam, but in the face of the epidemic, still Choose to stand on the line!

The medical worker in the picture went to the home of a close contact, a family member who had been diagnosed. Medical Staff Conduct Epidemiological Investigations and physical examination and instruct close contacts to be isolated and disinfected at home. I see the firmest eyes and the most beautiful hands. How Pale all the so-called virtuosity seems on the real battlefield!

28 January

January 28th, day six. When I got up in the morning, I saw the sun. Nearly twenty days of rain and sleet, finally saw the dazzling sun, pressure in the heart of the exhaustion seems to reduce more than half, painting time is also more fluent. Standing on the balcony, see the road in the distance seems to have people walking, someone at home too depressed, began to go out for a walk... 3:00 pm received an urgent notice: There are due to walk the whole family infected. Sunshine! Why can't you protect the people who love you!

But, my dear city, we are your children!

8:30 pm, our city in this moment all lit up like fireflies, in the flashing light, the whole city singing "my motherland" , the whole city shouted "Go Wuhan! " "Go China! " The night sky resounded, resounded, resounded..

About us:

This account is the official wechat account of the Xinmin Evening News, the most widely read newspaper in Shanghai, and the longest running newspaper supplement in China, we will continue to accompany you in a new way. Welcome to subscribe for free, we will daily selection of two fresh out of the best pushed to your phone. All articles are original by the author of "Luminous Cup" and can not be reproduced without permission.

Click on the links below to re read the December high click through rate on wechat account of glow in the Dark Cup:

Shanghai people are always serious about small dishes

For an old married couple

The ritual of the winter solstice

West Slope: Oil Pier, walking past, can not miss

The Cheng Shifa opens free of charge -- until the day after tomorrow -- as a reminder of a master of humor, stubbornness and capriciousness

Go to "discover"-"take a look" browse "friends watching"

Sent

####Send it to take a look

Sending

A scan of wechat
Pay attention to the account


-------------
title: Sketches, the artist's Wuhan Diary
source: ye-guang-bei-（-ge-ti-）
authors: _
editors: _
proofreader: _
photographer: _
translator: _
via: https://github.com/2019ncovmemory/nCovMemory
link: https://mp.weixin.qq.com/s/11x6oxp76YZyB-OCyES6Pg
archive: http://archive.ph/W4otV
snapshot: https://github.com/2019ncovmemory/nCovMemory/blob/master/archive/jpg/3763.jpg
lead: At home, with a few pencils and a few pieces of sketch paper, I chose to draw and record this special day..
cover: data:image/jpeg;base64,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
