##Chi Li: love and affection in isolation

Micro-signal Yeguangbeifukan

Function introduction the supplement of Xinmin Evening News, founded on May 1,1946, is the oldest comprehensive supplement of Chinese newspapers.

ISOLATION IS WAR! War must drive away foolish, ignorant, cheap love and affection!

On the night of January 22,2020, in the three towns of Wuhan, no one was meant to sleep, or it was hard to sleep.

It was a very night, at nearly 23 o'clock, the unit suddenly called, Urgent Notice: From Tomorrow, Wuhan Residents Implement Quarantine. In other words, citizens will be quarantined in their own homes for 14 days, the maximum incubation period for new coronavirus, to determine whether they are infected, and to expose and identify other infected people.

Finally! Finally! Finally a quarantine!

Since the outbreak, I have been tightly held heart, and finally relax a lot. The basic and essential meaning of epidemic prevention is "four mornings" -- as I was a doctor of epidemic prevention and treatment, I knew it all by heart when I was in college. Among them, "early isolation" , for the interruption of severe infectious diseases, is crucial. Despite modern technology, early isolation is by far the most effective traditional method. The reason is very simple, but also very popular: This outbreak of the new coronavirus, is to eat people, people have to hide, do not give it to eat! It uses human-to-human transmission, people are isolated, do not let it use! Only with the most severe disruption possible can the virus lose its chain of transmission until it is inactivated.

The closing of the city began and went on for three days, six days and eleven days. As the isolation time went on, my heart tightened again. Perhaps it was my specialty that helped me to quickly understand what segregation was, and to strictly follow my own segregation, immediately dividing my family's food and vegetables into equal portions for 14 days, eating a little less each day and eating as simply as possible, try Not to have to go out to buy groceries. The truth is also very simple and popular, if a person is lucky, think oneself occasionally go out, buy a food always does not matter; then everyone will think so. This huge city, this huge crowd, during the quarantine period, were accidentally out to buy food, then more widely spread again, it may start again, the city will be closed down. What is more terrible is that while people self-destruction of the separation, but also in the name of Love, Love Excuse, wantonly love and love. At one time, countless people, through Wechat, Douyin, Weibo, posted countless inflammatory words: The supermarket is still selling vegetables, is Love Boundless; vendors selling vegetables, is also the love of life; in order to go out to buy their own food for the whole family, it is fearless and selfless love. More ignorant and fearless people, in addition to follow, also go out to buy food. Some people, is to go out to buy a dish, was infected, a person and infected many people. Today's data is clear, has been closed for 11 days, the epidemic is still rising! Many of these expressions and expressions of love to the public, who think they are so smart that they do not even understand the isolation of the people on the Internet, all I can do is cry and cry, and the moon shines like water on my clothes.

Love and affection are good things, but they must not be abused, especially at this moment. WAKE UP, people! For Your own safety and the safety of your family, but also for the survival of our entire community, can you keep your mouth shut and your legs under control? Can you do more specific things that are beneficial to epidemic prevention? For example, contact the Community Street and property companies, collective purchase of vegetables, disinfection car people directly delivered to the community, such as cars after the evacuation, then take turns to go alone, scan code to pay. Strict disinfection protection, people do not see the purchase of food and vegetables, as long as we work hard with, or can be done. ISOLATION IS WAR! War must drive away foolish, ignorant, cheap love and affection! Only by adhering to strict isolation can mankind win the day!

Written on February 2,2020

About us:

This account is the official wechat account of the Xinmin Evening News, the most widely read newspaper in Shanghai, and the longest running newspaper supplement in China, we will continue to accompany you in a new way. Welcome to subscribe for free, we will daily selection of two fresh out of the best pushed to your phone. All articles are original by the author of "Luminous Cup" and can not be reproduced without permission.

Click on the links below to re read the December high click through rate on wechat account of glow in the Dark Cup:

Shanghai people are always serious about small dishes

For an old married couple

The ritual of the winter solstice

West Slope: Oil Pier, walking past, can not miss

The Cheng Shifa opens free of charge -- until the day after tomorrow -- as a reminder of a master of humor, stubbornness and capriciousness

Go to "discover"-"take a look" browse "friends watching"

Sent

####Send it to take a look

Sending

A scan of wechat
Pay attention to the account


-------------
title: Chi Li: love and affection in isolation
source: ye-guang-bei-（-ge-ti-）
authors: _
editors: _
proofreader: _
photographer: _
translator: _
via: https://github.com/2019ncovmemory/nCovMemory
link: https://mp.weixin.qq.com/s/9U03P8JABOR1-UyRrlnGZg
archive: http://archive.ph/V1Jte
snapshot: https://github.com/2019ncovmemory/nCovMemory/blob/master/archive/jpg/3772.jpg
lead: ISOLATION IS WAR! War must drive away foolish, ignorant, cheap love and affection!
cover: data:image/jpeg;base64,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
