##The 11th century of Wuhan War

Micro Signal Fei

Function description

Today is day twelve of the siege of Wuhan.

It's still a total shut-in day.

The city will be closed for two weeks, but the inflection point seems far away. Regional data outside Wuhan, or Hubei, appear to be of little immediate concern, but experts caution against staying at home for a while, in case things fall apart.

Most of our partners are working today, but it's mostly online, and we're staying at home, and thanks to the Internet, there's nothing wrong with working online as long as we don't have projects that are on or in the late stages of development.

The other day I was in such a bad mood that I wanted to quit my job. Then I realized that the people who loved me wanted to hear from me, and the people who hated me wanted me to fall apart.

I will not give the world to someone I despise.

So rest assured, I'm doing just fine. Please rest assured that I am better off than you now and better off than you will be in the future.

Years ago received a lot of partners sent gift boxes, recently have the leisure to one by one to open the finishing, found that a lot of food, so all day to chew, grateful.

I mean, there's a risk of obesity, but considering the risk that exists across the country, I'm surprised you're okay with it.

In addition, experts remind that the online office had better change into the usual clothes to go to work, avoid pajamas work, so give yourself a strong psychological hint, I tried today, the effect is still a little bit.

Of course, if conditions had better not to work in the bedroom, even in the living room, so there will be a work area concept.

We write online, in fact used to work at home, but sometimes tidy up their own mood is completely different.

I was GONNA put on makeup tomorrow, open the file like a client.

By the way, WORD  , after all I've done for you, you should learn how to Code your own words?

After the wisecracking, let's talk about the situation in Wuhan.

The community has done a lot of hard work, commandeering hotels and other places, isolating suspected and close contacts. It is hoped that such measures will bring the subsequent outbreak under effective control.

First-line medical care is still very hard, fortunately, the use of Vulcan Mountain, Thor Mountain soon. Everyone is quiet in the rear, today the weather is so good, a person in the community did not come out to walk. All Day today, the only pedestrian I saw in the neighborhood was a security guard wearing a mask. The other day, my mom was thinking about going for a walk with a mask on, but she ended up just spinning around the house.

Compared to the misunderstanding of the last few days, more and more people are beginning to understand Wuhan. We didn't intentionally carry the virus around. The epidemic happened in Wuhan. Which one in Wuhan is willing to be involved in this.

Of course, for a small number of people who deliberately conceal Wuhan contact history or even deliberately run around with illness, I personally strongly support heavier punishment in accordance with the law.

As for those who are greedy enough to eat game to cause such a catastrophe, I do not wish to scold it.

After all, the people of the whole country have scolded me. The wisdom of the masses is higher than mine, and they have more tricks than mine.

Judging from the current situation, it is possible that Hubei, at least Wuhan, should be prepared for a longer period of anti-japanese war than expected. Because the virus is too cunning, and all the cases, suspected are admitted, it is estimated that it will take some time to lift the quarantine.

Everyone is looking forward to resume normal life as soon as possible, Wuhan may recover a little slower, today a MV is very touching, said we will wait for Wuhan, I think this is the voice of all people.

Last spring I was away from home and missed the beautiful plum blossom in the neighborhood. This year I am at home, the plum blossom of the community has almost opened.

Still can't go out to see plum blossom, fortunately, I bought Huawei, Lens pull a pull, talk better than nothing.

Ha ha ha ha ha, always make merry in the bitter, because spring is really not far away.

Come on!

WECHAT SWEEPS UP Praise for author

####Send it to the author

People Admire

Long-press the QR code to transfer the funds to me

Under apple's new rules, wechat's iOS version of the APP has been turned off to support public accounts through Qr code transfers.

Go to "discover"-"take a look" browse "friends watching"

Sent

####Send it to take a look

Sending

A scan of wechat
Pay attention to the account


-------------
title: The 11th century of Wuhan War
source: fei-wo-si-cun
authors: _
editors: _
proofreader: _
photographer: _
translator: _
via: https://github.com/2019ncovmemory/nCovMemory
link: https://mp.weixin.qq.com/s/HtbTIJRRnBtWxwI-lbe2vA
archive: https://archive.is/aD7cN
snapshot: https://github.com/2019ncovmemory/nCovMemory/blob/master/archive/jpg/1365.jpg
lead: Today is day twelve of the siege of Wuhan. It's still a total shut-in day. The city will be closed for two weeks, but the inflection point seems far away.
cover: data:image/jpeg;base64,/9j/4AAQSkZJRgABAQAAAQABAAD/2wBDAAYEBQYFBAYGBQYHBwYIChAKCgkJChQODwwQFxQYGBcUFhYaHSUfGhsjHBYWICwgIyYnKSopGR8tMC0oMCUoKSj/2wBDAQcHBwoIChMKChMoGhYaKCgoKCgoKCgoKCgoKCgoKCgoKCgoKCgoKCgoKCgoKCgoKCgoKCgoKCgoKCgoKCgoKCj/wAARCAA3AIMDASIAAhEBAxEB/8QAGgAAAwEBAQEAAAAAAAAAAAAABAUGAAMHAv/EADQQAAIBAwMCBAQGAQUBAQAAAAECAwQFEQASITFBBhMiURRhcYEHFSMyQpGhFlJiwdFD4f/EABoBAAMBAAMAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAMEBQIAAQb/xAAuEQACAgEEAQAJAwUAAAAAAAABAgADEQQSITFREyIyQWFxsdHwBYGRI6HB4fH/2gAMAwEAAhEDEQA/AIt6q+Xa00A8PWqeOjjPlNWvDEySKBgvlhuA4xkYGB3OhvxSpDR2O2zUqbKqeqAhCDBUBSO3+7P/AFr1C3fB1FsorbSFI4EiCmIyozqijCr6WOexOM8a89uz/wCp/wARLbbpRKaOzxebUeUCSZRxjjpzjnTa6dKq9qnOcCLG5nPrDAEc0lkuZsyP4jqi6xwRU4o6YbYUwQAH7ue57fLVzXXCClpCxxiEliDx6UBP/QGklVSz19CbfRwVMtRMyoiTFBzuBPLH2GgL9W1MUBtMtqrfjp5BFtKgM6BsuevAwPppwOqZA7i2xmG49SitTfC2ijgYATSJ5j55ILHczH7n765Xp7bSUZjqUVlYhY1jG6aR+vpA5LfPU/U325Gu+DgtyrdJckU5fcUQft3MD6VHPzJPGvi6iksyvcbtcqiW5eWS8ijakS9CAo5VeRx1OtPaAuR0JlUy3PviaW811otVQtzpp4qplIhiWQB53cnAHcDJy2Pbr00J4fpqxLc8MiRtK5824zySEyysSMrx8sDHUAfPXSlgqK1FvFxeanuDAQ2mKRdpTcR627MzZyR2GqZxTRRQ+VCHfLDa4z1OCW+4LHSi1s/OceIdnC8DmB09dTS3WqElPWRWO2sWqHcASThQWVVGPSDhffrroknxNJ51UlRDJINzRM6sq56Kc9e3B18V9ioYqkSrG/6yETFScORggnB+vTpri1BPGTJbmjcjHok/l8tw5P3H30euuxfbOZmy1HGFXHP4IBeZ5aWyPDSS+YtYwoxEw5iLnblSD0GTwftqhpqqlSaCillVKgpmOA8ZC9wPYY76R01LD4j8Q262VCmhkDfGVLsDtRI1OCGXrliB1Hto/wD0zc7RU3K61FKjxySpDS1TtulcFdu0AknbnkffWRcqPt+U0KGZN2OOY6hYFmlALFzgfIDXUu7sY0VRuXAdhwD7HSWGWWXFOtV5boTuEYBOB9ff/wB1zqKmnWmaKOorKicAj9Es+D88caaLZXiKquGjylRoMhpFCjkbR6SP/dA1dfHE2+cEQU9UvIBOMg4HHU5P+dLEqKl41liiqngjZTGrBcqx4/cxyevt31xuFaaaala4xyU9Os6O0pUY4yeSpIxkD26aG9vHHE2qc8yhhSrMSndTQZGfLZSSv1IOM62lx8SLGzI9PNMQTiSKMlXGeCPtjW0bfX5g9j+JH11vanoIK+mqoKa2W1WnSnjg9cILbuHxk7icDJ6fTTn8KoGprXPcq+XEt2kNSwRcuoydqk9gRyNQletwuckdjSjZ6yom+LqAKknMWBtQ5OE47demr6vrrv8AkktLVWuhoo4f0/OqavcUCjIACAZwMd8alVAKS6jr59yjYxcBGMbYpav9aWpEKwSCplMk4BLdQoI9QwOTz1IGuUF98U35xALvJBaadPKO6MSTBweX+uCApOeDpBaKK63ejp2mkofht26KKaH1VJ7M4ByBnnB+p6DXO8vdraXva/CeVHMsdTs3mMZY7SAecL9ToVxdcWKvQnStwVz3Ke1NFZ7LWNAqECRmepqE2swPIkkY89D1+3fUzS0x8VXSkqbrHKtAZRJTF0KmqYf/AEbP7VwMKvz0qq/O8SVsdxiYTWRH2JRSTNG82xR+qVAPp4HX/wB06rbncqyRKZ6amVWUKNqMx2DB6cY7aOtnpAGbodD4zHoynA7PZjXxDcvNuFPBC/nPHUiRlAyoCDAweg5YE6pKemSmEs0mPMcetiegHYewH/7qNtlFVGa41UMlMHijSEGSBsjHqIGDgc4Gm08t0jnLXEwVEQYbVjBRV9iRzn/rTVJJ9dh3/aAtA9lTDJ1nmyaYhKcZbcwyTn29hr0Sl8G0g8PRrIss97lpzMHjbCIcEquMdOg1A0fiVhG9LGiIYj5uzyd/mv0wzg8DB6f405rvG8tlkt9P8L5lI8KIGjYs7LjlfYHoPoe2kdZqmQ4XI5/mUtDo0sUliDx14kZc/D3iGiuK3dooIoaumEMGybLnG5nJTrgHqemjKrxF4oFlo7O9bTvnkzKnrJUfYLxxkab1ZNZRR1NbVlCqlYElByy5OQAAeOSMnA1KXCeOmvSITCTHGy7EIbJJGT6c61SEvXdZ3mD1As052JnGITVw/FMitGkkSxhH2nZnnjP9867tUJBCqQxPF5Q3KgXjb34xrjzNEogpZlbPDu4j+fzyPtoynp625W2aSKstqSeYsCI5cuWb24A/vTpZagS3viSq1pAWLoaiaF5YEB8uWYTIXQgKuct9uh++tcqSmirKCSaT0yyMHMxAJAQ5LA8AcjAGmnjCyy+Fo6A1lYtbU1NNIJFgj8uGF2IAZX65GDg/L56m6H4f8woI6ikKVM/mHds37lC4B3HOcnJOdAS30jEL1x9YRk2e13zKClutqpYFgiqYo0TgKmcDntjjW13SeaBRHGpCKOBnW0xt8qv8QYPxMi/BEDUkf5/Voslfd5C8dOQSyp/E8c8/TT24+H7lDPNW+IaCsNvikCxQuDmWUn07j/tyeF56c+2hPCUy0dvt96uMiw1KjdQU8TgeVu4Dle7Ef0NH3f8AE+SqiqLXRUJuFc8pECmQEIwP7mPZc5xzk4xx11Ld3UqMceP8yjVVW6uxbBEY1VdRWr8vFbSTpU1MgjgIX9Z3H+3uB/jUDcKS9VU1Gb4dq1VXH5VDvUQxg5Ymb/kVX+s/TTbw7C5q6uvr1mul1ETh62cgU1MMElEJyAB8vfQl1q6WpvVjo7klROFlNTtCembarYAAODlivJ5x/WiWHex3DxjwO+/MWQbRx+8fWWmW50BuFCU/KIHNKalIjCZCpBIBJywO7AOB06aOSRIGq68IESnTywrEE7QMkfM5wNA1F0JQU/h6GJp3nBeNI2UJhSNgA4z1YnHzJ1zSb4yK3W+nmjd5JcyoQNyqnqYkc/y2/XOmaCQCD2PwTN4UkFejDlDU1CtKQpr6nLzqH27S+TuBxjjjAPUDRVJOKqmcTTCSSPKTYTZz349j2+Wi6KjmnaaaKKapdQWZ1QseuCxx06aHrInEUtSgELRKGd5B6Mf8vkex0bhTuJ/aLdjAjX8PLBS3G/VUdwjBpo6R2iJ/g59I474ByM9xoxo28OSyTeG7XC36o3TVUhc1BUbCxX+K8HGMamPDF6rpo7xPTyx0qwwbHRMhyrMBkEkncoG7pjkjqOH/AOc0tR4Toz5qDcQhcYEiDHHfB59vvqLqbvSWYUHE9H+nUIlW5++YP4s8Sz3iKKKWipYqvjzJIY8FxjAHPRcdtSVqpoaa4VixKFURqCf766PuQrjUebVGON3VSXIyzLtG0he3AGgIKGaS41jGZv2p1VTk8kD21U01QrAxyT9pH1dxtY54A+8OJleF5XO1Qu1AD1zxnR0brSGNAVSOSVQQEHUdDnIPYaHNCXQhp5Dn3AOP8a43FpqWz1LuxeQJv3FQcEduOnPf2zpi+vdWQwzFaLjXYGQ4jPxjd62+QJa4qGOWzKoFK7y4mgJUBmYg4Y9cY6ZxqYow0H5OJJ3d8S5IJ242nGP609p4mMC09QSHQAh043AdGGk9PMk4tb0+1jBVPAVJwQdrf5xjQVpWkjb8PqIR72vOW7/7Gs5RZSMz54zyfbW0krL/AG+mqpYZKpo3RiChwcH+9bWTqaxwTN+hY9CcbtdYqzxNarB4OpoYaypm+CasaMIqMGwVQYz25Y9uANUtJ4CsFh8LVaXRZbhfGAedRIyxREcbF6bvqe/TA1tbUZrWZ1JPcr6WpNrHHUGqbU9BQR1ttqWmAi8loJ8mMIzA7V7845Oh/FN3Stu9sqK+igWhobfL5UUYxw7RAnAHX93t1GtraqWVBWJHz+kk12tt2+eI0W7/AJP4bmNokVzVkxwmYOJAu31FeSoOB1Y99Tlpqo71JW3KekjiNNAtOoPXPLEgj7a2tog9WzA/OB95xzuQZ/OTKbwrfz4QvNNUJLPUSrGR5Gc+YG9IUEnA9RXrx31KeLfHlXW1dRZbq6UgiKSJDAv6e892wMu4JwM+kAZHtra2pupw+o5HX+ozUgFWZyWnuFatPU2smmlhG2KZWAAA7bedw6nBx11qGe5V16eyTqjVFVDu3RYjWQE7SMfxJ78+/OtrapXUqE3++K1ah1JUHiN6OjMMStTLmQDG/PJxxjk8jjGONdrBUGRrgTuO+VFAz7LnOtraYHSYgBzujdRzpZ4mO6gWmT99RKsYPbg7jn5YU62to9x9XEDUOczrHWl6ena4yzNPgYlY5+QxjoPljGgxbqmemu5SOnlghqgoDsyMrPGTuDKQeOAB8+dbW1K1p/pLKejUPYxPgwOk/Dy4VUAlohQw05JVVkjEjcEgkseSSQT99bW1tL7vhClcEif/2Q==
