##CONFESSIONS OF A HIGH-SPEED TRAIN "close contact" : He sat next to me, did not take off his mask | in-depth report

Wechat Bqshenyidu

Features, Beijing Youth Daily, the official public number

Reporter / Leung Ting

Editor / Edward Shek

The Yanbian area high speed sets up the card to carry on the quarantine inspection (picture from the network) 

As of 1500 hours on February 3,17252 cases had been confirmed, 361 cases had died, 485 cases had been cured and 21558 suspected cases had been reported. In addition to the statistics, a number of close contacts are undergoing 14 days of isolation. They may have just happened to meet an infected person in a crowd at a high-speed rail station or airport, briefly crossing paths and moving on.

A few days later, they were suddenly told that they were classified as "close contacts of COVID-19 pneumonia cases" because of their close contact with patients with the new type of pneumonia, and were then given a medical notification to begin isolation.

Li Meng is one of the close contacts being quarantined. She lives in Yanbian Korean Autonomous Prefecture and works in Guangzhou. She landed in Changchun by plane on January 23. On the high-speed train from Changchun to Yanbian, she sat next to a male passenger who was later diagnosed. When she heard the news, Li Meng cried, worried that she would infect her family and was exposed to information leaks, but she finally calmed down and accepted quarantine.

Li Meng wanted to tell more people that she had not been hurt because the guards were in place. During the quarantine, personal information about the confirmed passenger circulated on the Internet, including malicious comments, but Li Meng never blamed the villager, "I'm just like him, a year-long exile, and we shouldn't blame the infected. Our common enemy is the virus, not the patient. "

Here's what she said.

Li Meng's ticket purchase records show that she was on the same train as a confirmed case, in the same carriage, with adjacent seats

I cried

When I saw the screenshot of the retweeted file in the group, it was around 2:00 p.m. on January 29, and I was having dinner with my friends in a restaurant. The title of the document was "close contact investigation, " and it contained the full travel records of a 27-year-old male patient with pneumonia who had traveled from Wuhan to Yanbian. The second message scared me a little, his bus date was January 23, his train number was the same as mine, his seat was 7A and mine was 7C.

I did panic a little bit, and I was worried that the next table would hear it and panic, so I ran away and started making calls from a relatively secluded table. The friends at the same table were also afraid and worried. They were also a little angry that the man had come back at that time.

I called my friend at the government agency first, wanted her to help me find out if it was true. I was so scared, I kept pushing my friends to check it out. The friend replied that the person is suspected case, not confirmed, let me not paranoid, also said close to do not fear. On the phone, when she read out her seat number, I cried. It's true. I had two words on my mind: Holy Shit! I don't think there's such a thing.

I later called the Yanbian State Disease Control Bureau, the Tumen Disease Control Bureau, the Tumen People's Hospital, hoping to further verify the news, the response is not confirmed. Considering there was no physical or verbal contact with him, I wasn't so scared either. I called my mom again, and she told me not to panic, to wait for her to pick me up.

It was a ten minute walk home from the restaurant, and my mom told me not to freak out, that it was a panic attack, that it would be okay. I didn't cry then, but I felt guilty and worried about infecting my family, who were older. And I'm worried about infecting my friends, whose parents wouldn't let them leave the house if it wasn't for me.

His diagnosis was officially announced on January 30th. Shortly after three o'clock that afternoon, I received my official medical observation notice. The community began to connect with me, sending me a home medical observation tip for a close contact, and I followed it closely.

I take their temperature at 8:50 am and 2:50 pm every day and send them. I also prepared a small watering can filled with chlorine-based bleach (we were out of disinfectant) and sprayed it every hour. I'm not going out. I'm staying home. Recently, sometimes feel chest tightness, but I do not have a fever, and eat well, I do not worry so much, may be heart disease.

I spent most of my time on the news about the outbreak, and for the last two days I've been worried about the asymptomatic, I've been worried about being asymptomatic, I can't help but watch the news, I can't be without information, ignorance scares me. I cross-referenced the experiences of asymptomatic infectees with my own. Most of them got sick early, and I didn't start the quarantine until the seventh day, and everyone around me was fine, which greatly reduced my fear. Actually, I thought about getting a C.T. , but my mom said, "no symptoms, no hospital. ".

Li Meng reports her body temperature to the community twice a day

Stay calm

I'm a coward. I've been careful since the outbreak. I was still working in Guangzhou on January 22 and saw statistics from the People's Daily: As of 2300 hours on January 21, there were 270 confirmed cases in Hubei and 17 in Guangdong.

I don't dare to take the subway. I try to take a taxi when I go out. I wear a mask when I go to work. At that time, the elevator buttons in the office building were marked with an hourly disinfection notice. I also saw some retweets of reports of at least 7,000 people being infected at the time (21 st) , based on statistical models, and wondered what the "Yōkai" was.

Because Guangzhou is a serious area, on the way home, I did a lot of personal protection. On January 23, I flew from Guangzhou to Changchun at 8 am. My friend gave me some N95 masks, and I used them on the plane, and my face hurts. I upgraded to business class to minimize human contact.

After the high-speed train, I immediately changed into a new mask, except for drinking water did not take off. I don't know if it's GonNa work, but in the spirit of prevention, I drank 999 cold cream on the way. When we got home, I washed the clothes first, using disinfectant for the clothes. And a chlorine bleach solution for mopping floors.

I remember the male passenger in seat 7A, and he was wearing a mask the whole time, a black disposable surgical mask. When he called, his mask was still on, and he didn't cough the whole time. I had no direct contact with him.

According to online sources, I learned that he is 27 years old, now basically no fever, that young people have strong resistance, may really beat the virus. I've been home for so long, and I have no symptoms, which means that if precautions are in place, they're effective in isolating the infection.

I Random Thoughts sometimes, worried that if something happened, it would infect my family. Most of them are in their 50s and 70s. My brother was also quarantined because he ate with me, and he had a slight cough, and he moved to a single room because there were children at home. His colleagues at work have also been quarantined.

My brother and I are not out of the house, every day will chat wechat, he has been comforting me "nothing" , let me eat well, sleep well, do not have psychological pressure.

I'm in quarantine until February 6th, and I'm on probation, but I'm past my high-risk phase, and I'm calm. It's just that my family is freaking out, and they're worried about me, and my second aunt is crying.

This year, my aunt's 66th birthday, the sixth day is my father's birthday, we originally planned to get together for the New Year, now I can only stay at home. I also reported to the company, the leadership is very good, let me not worry, comfortable isolation.

So far my family and I have no problem, although we are not idealistic, but to believe in the power of spirit, we have subjective initiative. Calm down. Panic is not the answer.

Now, I really want to drink a cup of Boba milk tea, also Miss Guangzhou Rongji frozen lemon tea.

A male passenger returning from Wuhan was vilified by netizens after he was diagnosed with "new-type pneumonia, " and he posted a personal statement on his friend's circle

The victim

In the past two days, I have seen many people scolding the passenger next to me. The documents posted on the Internet leaked out his home address, telephone number and ID card number. How do you send out all your personal information? NOT TO BE RESPONSIBLE?

There are many voices on the Internet that blame him, for example: "knowing that he is ill, return" , "Damn, do not stay in Wuhan, back to do what, will be angry to death" , "take him out to be beaten" . It was hard for me to see it, and I wanted to defend him, but I was afraid of causing a bigger panic. I figured I'd wait until I was out of quarantine.

Later, I read about him on the Internet. He said he had no symptoms when he left Wuhan on the 23rd and had a temperature test at Changchun Airport. Because he was worried, he went to Tumen People's Hospital for a blood routine test and a CT test before returning home, the doctors told him to keep him under observation.

When he got home, he developed symptoms on the 24th, a fever of 37.4 degrees, and his temperature remained around 36 degrees after taking the medicine. The CDC informed him on the 28th that he needed a nucleic acid test, and he didn't know he was a suspect until he was called in the early hours of the morning, but he hadn't been diagnosed yet. If he knew he was sick, he wouldn't have come back, he said in his account. He was also under a lot of pressure.

Some Yanbian locals are angry because the airport and train from Wuhan were closed on Jan. 23, and some believe he returned on Jan. 23 as a fluke. Actually, his flight was just before 10:00, when the airport was open.

I believe he may be like me, is also busy to the last day of work, a year waiting for this time to go home, at home people may not feel the psychological drift to and fro. Of course, this is a personal choice, I said these are not to give him sympathy points, but hope that more empathy, less Internet violence.

The public understands his "don't come back if there's a risk, " and everyone's panicking about the virus, but I mean, I'm sitting right next to him, and I don't blame him, this is a system seat, and he didn't choose to sit with me. I have no reason to blame him for being ill, much less for scolding him. He's a victim, and he doesn't want to be. I hope he gets better. He's 27. He's just getting started.

My friend later told me that all the information about the people in one of our carriages had been leaked out in great detail. I'm really angry. I'm afraid of ruining my parents'lives. I called the CDC to complain, and they're worried. They're controlling it. They explained that the wechat group used to work, easy to flow out of information, now it is peer-to-peer work.

One of my biggest feelings after this was that not disclosing information about patients and close contacts would not only be unhelpful in stopping the spread of the virus, it would also be illegal. I hope we're not mutually exclusive. Our common enemy is the virus.

To protect the privacy of the interviewee, Li Meng goes by an assumed name

This article was jointly produced by Beijing Youth Daily and Tencent News, and can not be reproduced without authorization.

Ferry people on the streets of Wuhan | in-depth report

My 22 days of fighting the COVID-19 | in depth

A volunteer of Wuhan Red Cross Society | in-depth report

Go to "discover"-"take a look" browse "friends watching"

Sent

####Send it to take a look

Sending

A scan of wechat
Pay attention to the account


-------------
title: CONFESSIONS OF A HIGH-SPEED TRAIN "close contact" : He sat next to me, did not take off his mask | in-depth report
source: bei-qing-shen-yi-du
authors: _
editors: _
proofreader: _
photographer: _
translator: _
via: https://github.com/2019ncovmemory/nCovMemory
link: https://mp.weixin.qq.com/s/emor4QFaVJCKDLitIQcPsw
archive: https://archive.vn/pyT50
snapshot: https://github.com/2019ncovmemory/nCovMemory/blob/master/archive/jpg/360.jpg
lead: Our common enemy is a virus, not a patient
cover: data:image/jpeg;base64,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
