##What happened to all the medical supplies we were stockpiling?

Wechat, renwumag1980

Feature Introduction, the best Chinese character report

For more than a decade, the reserve system has been tested by the 2003 Atypical pneumonia, the 2008 Wenchuan County earthquake and the 2009 H1N1 flu pandemic. Then there was the Wuhan outbreak in early 2020, but as things stand, there is still a big gap in medical supplies.

By Luo Ting
Editor, sugar maple

Wuhan N95 masks, protective clothing and other medical supplies continue to be short, from time to time some people ask: Supply and demand gap is so big, even epidemic areas can not be met, the state in addition to grain storage granaries, is it necessary to have medicine storage granaries? In fact, China's medical reserve system has been in existence for nearly 50 years, not only the state has reserves, but also local. It's supposed to be used during major disasters and epidemics. However, the supply of masks, protective clothing and other supplies is not optimistic.

Take protective clothing, for example. Hubei Needs 100,000 protective clothing a day, according to Wang Jiangping, Vice Minister of Industry and Information Technology at a press conference on the 25th. However, as of the afternoon of the 27th, Hubei Province organized a total of 106,450 sets of provincial-level medical storage enterprises, according to the announcement of the Hubei Provincial Department of Industry and Information Technology. For the entire province in one day. As of the 25th, the state mobilized 14,000 protective clothing. It's also far from enough. The epidemic is still in the climbing stage of the current, the entire community's emergency reserves and public health response capacity are facing a major test.

Why didn't the Medical Reserve System solve the problem?

All through January, Hubei Huarun pharmaceutical company was working overtime. A staff member of the company told people that they had detected "a high number of cases of fever throughout Wuhan" on January 1. Before the outbreak, they had received orders to start buying in bulk.

China Resources Pharmaceutical Company is a distributor, from the parent company China Resources Group, also from the major pharmaceutical enterprises in the country to buy drugs. In the past month, the company has provided Hubei with 21,000 units (boxes) of medical supplies such as antiviral drug, disinfectant, stethoscopes, N95 masks and protective clothing. The same is true of Kyushu Tong, another hubei-based pharmaceutical company, which has a full-time staff during the Lunar New Year.

The two companies have a common identity -- as if they were one of the few national pharmaceutical reserve companies in Hubei. Is also the Hubei top three medicine distributors, each year for the entire Hubei Province provides the considerable quantity medical material. At times like these, they are the first line of Defense in the supply of medicine.

What is the medical reserve system? The system began in the 1970s and was originally intended to prepare for war. In 1997, the State Council formally promulgated the provisions of the circular of the State Council on the reform and strengthening of the management of the State Medical Reserve, the State Medical Reserve shall be used to ensure the timely and adequate supply of medicines and medical devices in the event of major disasters, epidemics and other emergencies.

This is also mentioned in the basic medical care and Health Promotion Law of the People's Republic of China, which was just promulgated on December 18,2019. Article sixty-three reads: The State shall establish medical reserves at the central and local levels to meet the emergency needs of major disasters, epidemics and other emergencies. The Ministry of Industry and Information Technology of the People's Republic of China is the country's current department in charge of medical reserves. A director of the State Food and Drug Administration revealed to people that the National Material Reserve Group of the Wuhan Epidemic was led by the Ministry of Industry and Information Technology, and the Food and Drug Administration was also a member unit.

For more than a decade, the reserve system has been tested by the 2003 Atypical pneumonia, the 2008 Wenchuan County earthquake and the 2009 H1N1 flu pandemic. Then there was the Wuhan outbreak in early 2020, but as things stand, there is still a big gap in medical supplies.

One important reason is that medical devices such as masks and protective clothing are not a key part of Hubei's medical stockpile and do not have much in stock, China resources medical staff said. The employee told people that the largest stock of medicines was for antiviral drugs and disinfectants, such as 84 disinfectant and alcohol, which make up the bulk. "For good production, there are many producers. "Face Masks and protective clothing are perishable items. "If you save too much, there's a risk that this consumable item will expire, " he said. "If it weren't for this pandemic, these masks and protective suits wouldn't actually be available. "

On a deeper level, it's the storage cost. According to the regulations, the total stock of these storage enterprises shall not be less than 70% of the total planned amount. Enterprises shall implement the "dynamic stock" system. On the one hand, they shall continuously purchase and replenish the medical equipment that needs to be stored according to the plan, on the one hand, you have to sell the drug before it wears out. "dynamic inventory is not simple, but very complex, " a head of the China Pharmaceutical Company, a storage company, told China Medical News in 2008. "

If the drug is out of date, the loss is borne by the company itself. China resources staff said they would receive some subsidies, in fact, or their own subsidies. "That's why central enterprises have to be first-class distributors, because what private enterprises don't want to do, we have to do. However, this kind of incentive mechanism, to a certain extent, also affected the enterprises to store masks, protective clothing and other consumable enthusiasm.

Unfortunately, the outbreak hit the Spring Festival and the factory was shut down. China resources got the news early and began to make large purchases. But the problem is, most private manufacturers do not know, has been cleared inventory ready for the new year.

Workers at a wuhan-based Company temporarily recalled to make protective products during the Lunar New Year holiday

After the outbreak, Huangshi was in a typical quandary -- on January 25th, Huangshi announced for the first time that someone had been diagnosed, and 31 were diagnosed at once -- and the city was in a panic, seeking N95 masks. Huangshi mask factory is not much in the first place, and its reserves are obviously insufficient. According to the employee of China Resources, at the time, private companies were reluctant to supply masks to Huangshi's eastern Hubei Medical Group, a medical cluster that included Huangshi's central hospital, traditional Chinese Medicine Hospital and maternal and Child Health Hospital.

In the end, China resources bought Huangshi from private companies at a high price and then supplied him at a low price. "You have to have emergency production, you have to mobilize workers to work overtime during the Spring Festival. Your raw materials and labor costs have all gone up. As a production enterprise, you can't afford it on your own, you can only raise prices. We had to buy it ourselves, the purchase price is much higher than the price of supply. According to the employee at China resources, they lost money.

This was the situation at yellowstone. In recent days, the government has taken over a large number of privately-owned mask factories and sent in special personnel. That may not happen again.

But the reserve enterprise is always in a dilemma: once the outbreak, must be a large number of high-priced purchase of medicine, once the outbreak of a huge loss. Such an example occurred during SARS. Staff at the Jinan Medical Station recalled in an interview with Economic Information Daily that during SARS, the medical station was ordered to buy large quantities of disposable protective products such as isolation clothing, but did not use much, there's a huge backlog since the outbreak broke down. The daily demand for these products is very small, the validity period simply can not find a market, can only scrap.

In 2014, a paper published by the Institute of Fiscal Science of the Ministry of Finance analyzed the pros and cons of the drug storage system, saying that there were growing signs that the system was shifting from a war footing to a market economy, ossified and maladjusted, looking like a "cartilaginous patient. ". The author examines a great deal of data from the Department of the Treasury and concludes that the state of medical stocks in the country is not optimistic, "except in a few provinces, local medical stocks are generally weak. ". This is in line with the aftermath of the Wuhan outbreak, which has put up help bulletins in Hunan, Henan, Sichuan and even Beijing, and even in the best hospitals.

"Is responsible, experienced, and of good enough quality. "

If the national medical reserve can not solve this problem, can the other functional departments in the place have the reserve? Some have cast doubt on the emergency management system, which was set up in 2018, from the Central Emergency Management Department to provincial and municipal bureaus.

An official from the Emergency Management Bureau of a county in Hubei told people that from a functional point of view, the Emergency Management Bureau is mainly faced with major natural disasters, such as fire, drought and flood prevention, and production safety. This outbreak, the county emergency command was initially led by the Health Commission, Emergency Management Bureau is only auxiliary. It's an aid, but it's not a break. "

The bureau was set up in 2018 and is only a year old. 'They don't usually have much in reserve, ' the official said. 'They have some masks, but in this case they simply don't have enough. '. What's even scarcer is medical equipment, like protective clothing and goggles, which are completely absent. "

In this epidemic, the Emergency Management Bureau, hospitals and other grass-roots institutions are dependent on higher-level distribution of supplies. The county's biggest problem remains a shortage of reagents, masks and protective clothing, the official said. "At the beginning, when the state unified the allocation to Hubei Province, Wuhan was not enough, other cities did not have it. Dial it into the city, give it to the downtown area first, and if there's not enough in the district, there won't be any in the county. So until now, the county hasn't had enough. "

Finally, it was the arrival of a team of southern experts, armed with kits and medical equipment, that finally gave them the chance to confirm the case. It was a few days after Bai Yansong and Zhong Nanshan announced the Wuhan outbreak in the news. Until now, the county's protective clothing and other supplies are still quite short.

Another department directly related to the epidemic is the disease control, we can not directly from the public information to know this Hubei Disease Control System material reserves. But in December 2019, on the eve of the outbreak, staff at the Hubei Center for Disease Control and Prevention published a paper saying that between 2014 and 2016, the real value of all hospital reserves in Hubei Province was 358,410,900 yuan, 670,100 yuan in each year.

In 2008 and 2017, there are two papers to study the material reserve status of CDC in Hubei Province. In 2008, a graduate student at the Huazhong University of Science and Technology conducted a survey of county level CDC staff in Hubei Province, disease Control officials say the most important things to stock up on are medicines and equipment, personal protective equipment (clothing, masks and gloves) . "This may be related to the profound impact of SARS on the public, " the authors said. The authors also wrote at the end of the paper: "[ the CDC ] has not developed a complete emergency response mechanism... the regular reserve of emergency supplies needs to be further improved. ". "

Another survey, nine years later, found no improvement. A graduate student at the Wuhan University of Science and Technology made a survey of the material reserves of the Hubei Provincial Center for Disease Control and Prevention, it was found that "the existing stock of emergency materials meeting the requirements accounted for 49% of the total quantity of requirements, and the overall stock rate was 49% . ". The conclusions are: "Insufficient Material Reserve" , "No special fund reserve for Public Health Emergency Preparedness at the same level" .

Xinyu People's Hospital runs out of protective clothing and medical staff wear raincoats

Yang Gonghuan, a former deputy director of the Chinese Center for Disease Control and Prevention who lived through SARS in 2003, told people that a single department was no longer sufficient to deal with an epidemic of this magnitude in Wuhan. "It is still up to the local government to make overall coordination. " Including public health, but also logistics. When there is a shortage of resources, "the government should be the one to co-ordinate the response from various departments. "

To the specific implementation level, which department is responsible for the solution of materials, provinces and cities are different. For example, in Sichuan, is the provincial economic and Trade Commission to produce liquid chlorine enterprise orders. Some places are provincial emergency department to order masks factory, and some, is the material resources bureau to the factory to "national requisition. ".

Yang Gonghuan believes that whether the epidemic situation can be controlled, whether the materials can be well deployed, the core is the specific implementation of the local. "It also has a lot to do with actual people, " she says. One, is he doing his job. Second, is he experienced. Third, whether or not his basic quality is good enough to be able to adjust quickly in the process, which tests the ability of a local government to govern, is a key place. "

In the interview, one interviewee told the story of a grass roots official in Hubei who had contracted COVID-19 pneumonia. The head of the county-level Political Consultative Conference went to a meeting in the city, met officials returning from Wuhan, sat next to each other, and was infected. Those days of meetings, often dozens of people, closed doors and windows, only two or three people wearing masks. And the people who wear them, they get laughed at by their colleagues. The level of awareness and handling of such incidents by officials at the grass-roots level need to be improved.

Response Speed

On the night of January 27, an employee of a company involved in the construction of the mountain told people about her experience. When their aid team arrived in Wuhan, the government did not issue masks, but the workers had to have them to start work. She had no choice but to post a friend circle, only to be seen by a Chongqing Netizen. They met when they were starstruck.

This star-struck girl from Chongqing, who has recently been working as a volunteer, has accumulated a lot of resources on her hands. She pulled a group, first came in a Shanghainese, said a mask, but sent to Wuhan to two days, the time does not match, Shanghainese retreat from the group. Another business in Guangzhou, the delivery time is appropriate but not the model, back to the group. Another Xi'an Man, or delivery time is not good, out of the group. Finally, a Hankou man entered the crowd, all qualified, and gave 100 face masks in case of emergency. It's done. The whole process is efficient, concise, point-to-point.

But in the end, they wanted to drive to get their masks, because the car didn't have a pass, couldn't drive through downtown Wuhan, and was stuck again.

Several hundred kilometers away, at the same time, the First People's Hospital in Changde City, Hunan Province, issued a public notice, asking the community for masks, protective clothing and other materials, the most urgent is protective clothing. They are the only unit in Changde that has a stockpile of about 500 suits, the recruiter said. Because they require such high levels of protection only in the event of major infectious diseases or public health emergencies, they do not usually store much. These hundreds of clothes, from years ago to the present, really can not support.

In normal this matter can be found health committee, but now the factory is not open, Changde City Health Committee also has no way. The fifth day of the New Year fever clinic opened, the situation is even more serious. "If the HHS could fix it, we wouldn't do it this way, " said the recruiter. "

According to the government system, if there is an emergency response, the construction unit needs a mask, and it needs to first go to the government, a person who once worked for the Beijing Drug Administration told People's Daily. The staff of the Government Emergency Response Office went to the Health Commission, health Commission to be responsible for medical devices, medical devices and send documents to the procurement suppliers, procurement suppliers to find agents, agents to find factories. The factory finished the production department to drive to tow, and then a level to the hands of the people who really need.

The system operates not only at the same level of government, but also at different levels of government. For example, if an emergency occurs in a district or county in Beijing, and the district or county does not have enough resources, it can apply for a higher level of response, allowing the city to mobilize the city's resources. If Beijing is not satisfied, then a higher level of response, the Ministry of Civil Affairs to take charge, the national mobilization of resources.

In the past, the system worked smoothly. Especially in the information age, the shortage of a certain area is not known, or ultimately by the higher administrative units to solve. But the Wuhan epidemic is unique in that the speed of the epidemic is too fast, the intensity of the outbreak is too great, the test of administrative speed. And the Internet information exchange speed, the ability to mobilize resources, the superposition of citizens'enthusiasm and action, may run faster than the administrative speed.

The Wuhan Epidemic, Wuhan University, Huake and other institutions of higher learning alumni quickly and large-scale collection of a large number of materials. A volunteer from the Alumni Association of Wuhan University writes a few notes before going to bed these days. On the night of January 28, the fourth day of raising resources, she summed up her "professional medical buyers" workflow: First Look at the various models-please expert identification-logistics docking (domestic SF, rookie, overseas customs)-rapid docking to urgently needed hospitals-payment contract-waiting for logistics list-handling follow-up problems. A cumbersome process can be completed by one person.

She also shared some of the most cohesive details of the private self-organizing network. The United States, the Middle East, Latin America and other people in front of the purchase; is worried about Los Angeles how the source of goods to return home when a friend sent a link, is Los Angeles Home Logistics Assistance. When an employee of the aforementioned company involved in the construction of Huoshenshan saw that his company's freight train carrying construction-related materials to Wuhan had an empty carriage, they also asked volunteers in Wuhan if they had any supplies to help transport.

But the two systems do not operate independently, and there are many moments of collision. On the morning of January 25, the North American branch of the Alumni Association of Wuhan University sent a batch of masks to Wuhan. This is their first batch of supplies, raised $400,000 to buy in the United States, returned to China by China Eastern Airlines special line, contacted the embassy and the Millet Company to transport, "every day is a race against time" , but finally sent to the CDC, was rejected because the mask was substandard.

A list of materials donated by Wuhan University Alumni in Shenzhen, China Picture Source: Wuhan University

Late at night on January 27, people called the former deputy director of the National Center for Disease Control and Prevention, Yang Gonghuan, and also wanted to ask her what she thought of our current medical reserve system after having experienced SARS and having served in such an important post, how did the system fare in Wuhan? In terms of reserves, how should we respond to such a large public health event?

But in fact, Yang said, she doesn't think the material is the most important thing, the most important thing is to tell the truth. "The failure to inform the public of the outbreak by January 10 is clearly not conducive to effective containment. Of course, the reason for the closure of Wuhan is a bit out of control, which we do not want to see. "

"The biggest lesson we learned during SARS was to be transparent about the epidemic and to let people know about it, " she said, explaining her willingness to be interviewed again and again. Telling the truth is a key part of dealing with a big public health issue. This is very, very important, and I want to keep this in mind throughout, and I don't think I can overemphasize it. "

Haven't you seen enough?
LONG-PRESS QR code to follow "people" on Wechat
There's more where that came from

By Luo Ting
Editor, sugar maple

Wuhan N95 masks, protective clothing and other medical supplies continue to be short, from time to time some people ask: Supply and demand gap is so big, even epidemic areas can not be met, the state in addition to grain storage granaries, is it necessary to have medicine storage granaries? In fact, China's medical reserve system has been in existence for nearly 50 years, not only the state has reserves, but also local. It's supposed to be used during major disasters and epidemics. However, the supply of masks, protective clothing and other supplies is not optimistic.

Take protective clothing, for example. Hubei Needs 100,000 protective clothing a day, according to Wang Jiangping, Vice Minister of Industry and Information Technology at a press conference on the 25th. However, as of the afternoon of the 27th, Hubei Province organized a total of 106,450 sets of provincial-level medical storage enterprises, according to the announcement of the Hubei Provincial Department of Industry and Information Technology. For the entire province in one day. As of the 25th, the state mobilized 14,000 protective clothing. It's also far from enough. The epidemic is still in the climbing stage of the current, the entire community's emergency reserves and public health response capacity are facing a major test.

By Luo Ting

Editor, sugar maple

Wuhan N95 masks, protective clothing and other medical supplies continue to be short, from time to time some people ask: Supply and demand gap is so big, even epidemic areas can not be met, the state in addition to grain storage granaries, is it necessary to have medicine storage granaries? In fact, China's medical reserve system has been in existence for nearly 50 years, not only the state has reserves, but also local. It's supposed to be used during major disasters and epidemics. However, the supply of masks, protective clothing and other supplies is not optimistic.

Take protective clothing, for example. Hubei Needs 100,000 protective clothing a day, according to Wang Jiangping, Vice Minister of Industry and Information Technology at a press conference on the 25th. However, as of the afternoon of the 27th, Hubei Province organized a total of 106,450 sets of provincial-level medical storage enterprises, according to the announcement of the Hubei Provincial Department of Industry and Information Technology. For the entire province in one day. As of the 25th, the state mobilized 14,000 protective clothing. It's also far from enough. The epidemic is still in the climbing stage of the current, the entire community's emergency reserves and public health response capacity are facing a major test.

Wuhan N95 masks, protective clothing and other medical supplies continue to be short, from time to time some people ask: Supply and demand gap is so big, even epidemic areas can not be met, the state in addition to grain storage granaries, is it necessary to have medicine storage granaries? In fact, China's medical reserve system has been in existence for nearly 50 years, not only the state has reserves, but also local. It's supposed to be used during major disasters and epidemics. However, the supply of masks, protective clothing and other supplies is not optimistic.

Take protective clothing, for example. Hubei Needs 100,000 protective clothing a day, according to Wang Jiangping, Vice Minister of Industry and Information Technology at a press conference on the 25th. However, as of the afternoon of the 27th, Hubei Province organized a total of 106,450 sets of provincial-level medical storage enterprises, according to the announcement of the Hubei Provincial Department of Industry and Information Technology. For the entire province in one day. As of the 25th, the state mobilized 14,000 protective clothing. It's also far from enough. The epidemic is still in the climbing stage of the current, the entire community's emergency reserves and public health response capacity are facing a major test.

Why didn't the Medical Reserve System solve the problem?

All through January, Hubei Huarun pharmaceutical company was working overtime. A staff member of the company told people that they had detected "a high number of cases of fever throughout Wuhan" on January 1. Before the outbreak, they had received orders to start buying in bulk.

China Resources Pharmaceutical Company is a distributor, from the parent company China Resources Group, also from the major pharmaceutical enterprises in the country to buy drugs. In the past month, the company has provided Hubei with 21,000 units (boxes) of medical supplies such as antiviral drug, disinfectant, stethoscopes, N95 masks and protective clothing. The same is true of Kyushu Tong, another hubei-based pharmaceutical company, which has a full-time staff during the Lunar New Year.

The two companies have a common identity -- as if they were one of the few national pharmaceutical reserve companies in Hubei. Is also the Hubei top three medicine distributors, each year for the entire Hubei Province provides the considerable quantity medical material. At times like these, they are the first line of Defense in the supply of medicine.

What is the medical reserve system? The system began in the 1970s and was originally intended to prepare for war. In 1997, the State Council formally promulgated the provisions of the circular of the State Council on the reform and strengthening of the management of the State Medical Reserve, the State Medical Reserve shall be used to ensure the timely and adequate supply of medicines and medical devices in the event of major disasters, epidemics and other emergencies.

This is also mentioned in the basic medical care and Health Promotion Law of the People's Republic of China, which was just promulgated on December 18,2019. Article sixty-three reads: The State shall establish medical reserves at the central and local levels to meet the emergency needs of major disasters, epidemics and other emergencies. The Ministry of Industry and Information Technology of the People's Republic of China is the country's current department in charge of medical reserves. A director of the State Food and Drug Administration revealed to people that the National Material Reserve Group of the Wuhan Epidemic was led by the Ministry of Industry and Information Technology, and the Food and Drug Administration was also a member unit.

For more than a decade, the reserve system has been tested by the 2003 Atypical pneumonia, the 2008 Wenchuan County earthquake and the 2009 H1N1 flu pandemic. Then there was the Wuhan outbreak in early 2020, but as things stand, there is still a big gap in medical supplies.

One important reason is that medical devices such as masks and protective clothing are not a key part of Hubei's medical stockpile and do not have much in stock, China resources medical staff said. The employee told people that the largest stock of medicines was for antiviral drugs and disinfectants, such as 84 disinfectant and alcohol, which make up the bulk. "For good production, there are many producers. "Face Masks and protective clothing are perishable items. "If you save too much, there's a risk that this consumable item will expire, " he said. "If it weren't for this pandemic, these masks and protective suits wouldn't actually be available. "

On a deeper level, it's the storage cost. According to the regulations, the total stock of these storage enterprises shall not be less than 70% of the total planned amount. Enterprises shall implement the "dynamic stock" system. On the one hand, they shall continuously purchase and replenish the medical equipment that needs to be stored according to the plan, on the one hand, you have to sell the drug before it wears out. "dynamic inventory is not simple, but very complex, " a head of the China Pharmaceutical Company, a storage company, told China Medical News in 2008. "

If the drug is out of date, the loss is borne by the company itself. China resources staff said they would receive some subsidies, in fact, or their own subsidies. "That's why central enterprises have to be first-class distributors, because what private enterprises don't want to do, we have to do. However, this kind of incentive mechanism, to a certain extent, also affected the enterprises to store masks, protective clothing and other consumable enthusiasm.

Unfortunately, the outbreak hit the Spring Festival and the factory was shut down. China resources got the news early and began to make large purchases. But the problem is, most private manufacturers do not know, has been cleared inventory ready for the new year.

Workers at a wuhan-based Company temporarily recalled to make protective products during the Lunar New Year holiday

After the outbreak, Huangshi was in a typical quandary -- on January 25th, Huangshi announced for the first time that someone had been diagnosed, and 31 were diagnosed at once -- and the city was in a panic, seeking N95 masks. Huangshi mask factory is not much in the first place, and its reserves are obviously insufficient. According to the employee of China Resources, at the time, private companies were reluctant to supply masks to Huangshi's eastern Hubei Medical Group, a medical cluster that included Huangshi's central hospital, traditional Chinese Medicine Hospital and maternal and Child Health Hospital.

In the end, China resources bought Huangshi from private companies at a high price and then supplied him at a low price. "You have to have emergency production, you have to mobilize workers to work overtime during the Spring Festival. Your raw materials and labor costs have all gone up. As a production enterprise, you can't afford it on your own, you can only raise prices. We had to buy it ourselves, the purchase price is much higher than the price of supply. According to the employee at China resources, they lost money.

This was the situation at yellowstone. In recent days, the government has taken over a large number of privately-owned mask factories and sent in special personnel. That may not happen again.

But the reserve enterprise is always in a dilemma: once the outbreak, must be a large number of high-priced purchase of medicine, once the outbreak of a huge loss. Such an example occurred during SARS. Staff at the Jinan Medical Station recalled in an interview with Economic Information Daily that during SARS, the medical station was ordered to buy large quantities of disposable protective products such as isolation clothing, but did not use much, there's a huge backlog since the outbreak broke down. The daily demand for these products is very small, the validity period simply can not find a market, can only scrap.

In 2014, a paper published by the Institute of Fiscal Science of the Ministry of Finance analyzed the pros and cons of the drug storage system, saying that there were growing signs that the system was shifting from a war footing to a market economy, ossified and maladjusted, looking like a "cartilaginous patient. ". The author examines a great deal of data from the Department of the Treasury and concludes that the state of medical stocks in the country is not optimistic, "except in a few provinces, local medical stocks are generally weak. ". This is in line with the aftermath of the Wuhan outbreak, which has put up help bulletins in Hunan, Henan, Sichuan and even Beijing, and even in the best hospitals.

All through January, Hubei Huarun pharmaceutical company was working overtime. A staff member of the company told people that they had detected "a high number of cases of fever throughout Wuhan" on January 1. Before the outbreak, they had received orders to start buying in bulk.

China Resources Pharmaceutical Company is a distributor, from the parent company China Resources Group, also from the major pharmaceutical enterprises in the country to buy drugs. In the past month, the company has provided Hubei with 21,000 units (boxes) of medical supplies such as antiviral drug, disinfectant, stethoscopes, N95 masks and protective clothing. The same is true of Kyushu Tong, another hubei-based pharmaceutical company, which has a full-time staff during the Lunar New Year.

The two companies have a common identity -- as if they were one of the few national pharmaceutical reserve companies in Hubei. Is also the Hubei top three medicine distributors, each year for the entire Hubei Province provides the considerable quantity medical material. At times like these, they are the first line of Defense in the supply of medicine.

What is the medical reserve system? The system began in the 1970s and was originally intended to prepare for war. In 1997, the State Council formally promulgated the provisions of the circular of the State Council on the reform and strengthening of the management of the State Medical Reserve, the State Medical Reserve shall be used to ensure the timely and adequate supply of medicines and medical devices in the event of major disasters, epidemics and other emergencies.

This is also mentioned in the basic medical care and Health Promotion Law of the People's Republic of China, which was just promulgated on December 18,2019. Article sixty-three reads: The State shall establish medical reserves at the central and local levels to meet the emergency needs of major disasters, epidemics and other emergencies. The Ministry of Industry and Information Technology of the People's Republic of China is the country's current department in charge of medical reserves. A director of the State Food and Drug Administration revealed to people that the National Material Reserve Group of the Wuhan Epidemic was led by the Ministry of Industry and Information Technology, and the Food and Drug Administration was also a member unit.

One important reason is that medical devices such as masks and protective clothing are not a key part of Hubei's medical stockpile and do not have much in stock, China resources medical staff said. The employee told people that the largest stock of medicines was for antiviral drugs and disinfectants, such as 84 disinfectant and alcohol, which make up the bulk. "For good production, there are many producers. "Face Masks and protective clothing are perishable items. "If you save too much, there's a risk that this consumable item will expire, " he said. "If it weren't for this pandemic, these masks and protective suits wouldn't actually be available. "

On a deeper level, it's the storage cost. According to the regulations, the total stock of these storage enterprises shall not be less than 70% of the total planned amount. Enterprises shall implement the "dynamic stock" system. On the one hand, they shall continuously purchase and replenish the medical equipment that needs to be stored according to the plan, on the one hand, you have to sell the drug before it wears out. "dynamic inventory is not simple, but very complex, " a head of the China Pharmaceutical Company, a storage company, told China Medical News in 2008. "

If the drug is out of date, the loss is borne by the company itself. China resources staff said they would receive some subsidies, in fact, or their own subsidies. "That's why central enterprises have to be first-class distributors, because what private enterprises don't want to do, we have to do. However, this kind of incentive mechanism, to a certain extent, also affected the enterprises to store masks, protective clothing and other consumable enthusiasm.

Unfortunately, the outbreak hit the Spring Festival and the factory was shut down. China resources got the news early and began to make large purchases. But the problem is, most private manufacturers do not know, has been cleared inventory ready for the new year.

Workers at a wuhan-based Company temporarily recalled to make protective products during the Lunar New Year holiday

After the outbreak, Huangshi was in a typical quandary -- on January 25th, Huangshi announced for the first time that someone had been diagnosed, and 31 were diagnosed at once -- and the city was in a panic, seeking N95 masks. Huangshi mask factory is not much in the first place, and its reserves are obviously insufficient. According to the employee of China Resources, at the time, private companies were reluctant to supply masks to Huangshi's eastern Hubei Medical Group, a medical cluster that included Huangshi's central hospital, traditional Chinese Medicine Hospital and maternal and Child Health Hospital.

In the end, China resources bought Huangshi from private companies at a high price and then supplied him at a low price. "You have to have emergency production, you have to mobilize workers to work overtime during the Spring Festival. Your raw materials and labor costs have all gone up. As a production enterprise, you can't afford it on your own, you can only raise prices. We had to buy it ourselves, the purchase price is much higher than the price of supply. According to the employee at China resources, they lost money.

This was the situation at yellowstone. In recent days, the government has taken over a large number of privately-owned mask factories and sent in special personnel. That may not happen again.

But the reserve enterprise is always in a dilemma: once the outbreak, must be a large number of high-priced purchase of medicine, once the outbreak of a huge loss. Such an example occurred during SARS. Staff at the Jinan Medical Station recalled in an interview with Economic Information Daily that during SARS, the medical station was ordered to buy large quantities of disposable protective products such as isolation clothing, but did not use much, there's a huge backlog since the outbreak broke down. The daily demand for these products is very small, the validity period simply can not find a market, can only scrap.

In 2014, a paper published by the Institute of Fiscal Science of the Ministry of Finance analyzed the pros and cons of the drug storage system, saying that there were growing signs that the system was shifting from a war footing to a market economy, ossified and maladjusted, looking like a "cartilaginous patient. ". The author examines a great deal of data from the Department of the Treasury and concludes that the state of medical stocks in the country is not optimistic, "except in a few provinces, local medical stocks are generally weak. ". This is in line with the aftermath of the Wuhan outbreak, which has put up help bulletins in Hunan, Henan, Sichuan and even Beijing, and even in the best hospitals.

"Is responsible, experienced, and of good enough quality. "

If the national medical reserve can not solve this problem, can the other functional departments in the place have the reserve? Some have cast doubt on the emergency management system, which was set up in 2018, from the Central Emergency Management Department to provincial and municipal bureaus.

An official from the Emergency Management Bureau of a county in Hubei told people that from a functional point of view, the Emergency Management Bureau is mainly faced with major natural disasters, such as fire, drought and flood prevention, and production safety. This outbreak, the county emergency command was initially led by the Health Commission, Emergency Management Bureau is only auxiliary. It's an aid, but it's not a break. "

The bureau was set up in 2018 and is only a year old. 'They don't usually have much in reserve, ' the official said. 'They have some masks, but in this case they simply don't have enough. '. What's even scarcer is medical equipment, like protective clothing and goggles, which are completely absent. "

In this epidemic, the Emergency Management Bureau, hospitals and other grass-roots institutions are dependent on higher-level distribution of supplies. The county's biggest problem remains a shortage of reagents, masks and protective clothing, the official said. "At the beginning, when the state unified the allocation to Hubei Province, Wuhan was not enough, other cities did not have it. Dial it into the city, give it to the downtown area first, and if there's not enough in the district, there won't be any in the county. So until now, the county hasn't had enough. "

Finally, it was the arrival of a team of southern experts, armed with kits and medical equipment, that finally gave them the chance to confirm the case. It was a few days after Bai Yansong and Zhong Nanshan announced the Wuhan outbreak in the news. Until now, the county's protective clothing and other supplies are still quite short.

Another department directly related to the epidemic is the disease control, we can not directly from the public information to know this Hubei Disease Control System material reserves. But in December 2019, on the eve of the outbreak, staff at the Hubei Center for Disease Control and Prevention published a paper saying that between 2014 and 2016, the real value of all hospital reserves in Hubei Province was 358,410,900 yuan, 670,100 yuan in each year.

In 2008 and 2017, there are two papers to study the material reserve status of CDC in Hubei Province. In 2008, a graduate student at the Huazhong University of Science and Technology conducted a survey of county level CDC staff in Hubei Province, disease Control officials say the most important things to stock up on are medicines and equipment, personal protective equipment (clothing, masks and gloves) . "This may be related to the profound impact of SARS on the public, " the authors said. The authors also wrote at the end of the paper: "[ the CDC ] has not developed a complete emergency response mechanism... the regular reserve of emergency supplies needs to be further improved. ". "

Another survey, nine years later, found no improvement. A graduate student at the Wuhan University of Science and Technology made a survey of the material reserves of the Hubei Provincial Center for Disease Control and Prevention, it was found that "the existing stock of emergency materials meeting the requirements accounted for 49% of the total quantity of requirements, and the overall stock rate was 49% . ". The conclusions are: "Insufficient Material Reserve" , "No special fund reserve for Public Health Emergency Preparedness at the same level" .

Xinyu People's Hospital runs out of protective clothing and medical staff wear raincoats

Yang Gonghuan, a former deputy director of the Chinese Center for Disease Control and Prevention who lived through SARS in 2003, told people that a single department was no longer sufficient to deal with an epidemic of this magnitude in Wuhan. "It is still up to the local government to make overall coordination. " Including public health, but also logistics. When there is a shortage of resources, "the government should be the one to co-ordinate the response from various departments. "

To the specific implementation level, which department is responsible for the solution of materials, provinces and cities are different. For example, in Sichuan, is the provincial economic and Trade Commission to produce liquid chlorine enterprise orders. Some places are provincial emergency department to order masks factory, and some, is the material resources bureau to the factory to "national requisition. ".

Yang Gonghuan believes that whether the epidemic situation can be controlled, whether the materials can be well deployed, the core is the specific implementation of the local. "It also has a lot to do with actual people, " she says. One, is he doing his job. Second, is he experienced. Third, whether or not his basic quality is good enough to be able to adjust quickly in the process, which tests the ability of a local government to govern, is a key place. "

In the interview, one interviewee told the story of a grass roots official in Hubei who had contracted COVID-19 pneumonia. The head of the county-level Political Consultative Conference went to a meeting in the city, met officials returning from Wuhan, sat next to each other, and was infected. Those days of meetings, often dozens of people, closed doors and windows, only two or three people wearing masks. And the people who wear them, they get laughed at by their colleagues. The level of awareness and handling of such incidents by officials at the grass-roots level need to be improved.

If the national medical reserve can not solve this problem, can the other functional departments in the place have the reserve? Some have cast doubt on the emergency management system, which was set up in 2018, from the Central Emergency Management Department to provincial and municipal bureaus.

An official from the Emergency Management Bureau of a county in Hubei told people that from a functional point of view, the Emergency Management Bureau is mainly faced with major natural disasters, such as fire, drought and flood prevention, and production safety. This outbreak, the county emergency command was initially led by the Health Commission, Emergency Management Bureau is only auxiliary. It's an aid, but it's not a break. "

The bureau was set up in 2018 and is only a year old. 'They don't usually have much in reserve, ' the official said. 'They have some masks, but in this case they simply don't have enough. '. What's even scarcer is medical equipment, like protective clothing and goggles, which are completely absent. "

In this epidemic, the Emergency Management Bureau, hospitals and other grass-roots institutions are dependent on higher-level distribution of supplies. The county's biggest problem remains a shortage of reagents, masks and protective clothing, the official said. "At the beginning, when the state unified the allocation to Hubei Province, Wuhan was not enough, other cities did not have it. Dial it into the city, give it to the downtown area first, and if there's not enough in the district, there won't be any in the county. So until now, the county hasn't had enough. "

Finally, it was the arrival of a team of southern experts, armed with kits and medical equipment, that finally gave them the chance to confirm the case. It was a few days after Bai Yansong and Zhong Nanshan announced the Wuhan outbreak in the news. Until now, the county's protective clothing and other supplies are still quite short.

Another department directly related to the epidemic is the disease control, we can not directly from the public information to know this Hubei Disease Control System material reserves. But in December 2019, on the eve of the outbreak, staff at the Hubei Center for Disease Control and Prevention published a paper saying that between 2014 and 2016, the real value of all hospital reserves in Hubei Province was 358,410,900 yuan, 670,100 yuan in each year.

In 2008 and 2017, there are two papers to study the material reserve status of CDC in Hubei Province. In 2008, a graduate student at the Huazhong University of Science and Technology conducted a survey of county level CDC staff in Hubei Province, disease Control officials say the most important things to stock up on are medicines and equipment, personal protective equipment (clothing, masks and gloves) . "This may be related to the profound impact of SARS on the public, " the authors said. The authors also wrote at the end of the paper: "[ the CDC ] has not developed a complete emergency response mechanism... the regular reserve of emergency supplies needs to be further improved. ". "

Another survey, nine years later, found no improvement. A graduate student at the Wuhan University of Science and Technology made a survey of the material reserves of the Hubei Provincial Center for Disease Control and Prevention, it was found that "the existing stock of emergency materials meeting the requirements accounted for 49% of the total quantity of requirements, and the overall stock rate was 49% . ". The conclusions are: "Insufficient Material Reserve" , "No special fund reserve for Public Health Emergency Preparedness at the same level" .

Xinyu People's Hospital runs out of protective clothing and medical staff wear raincoats

Yang Gonghuan, a former deputy director of the Chinese Center for Disease Control and Prevention who lived through SARS in 2003, told people that a single department was no longer sufficient to deal with an epidemic of this magnitude in Wuhan. "It is still up to the local government to make overall coordination. " Including public health, but also logistics. When there is a shortage of resources, "the government should be the one to co-ordinate the response from various departments. "

To the specific implementation level, which department is responsible for the solution of materials, provinces and cities are different. For example, in Sichuan, is the provincial economic and Trade Commission to produce liquid chlorine enterprise orders. Some places are provincial emergency department to order masks factory, and some, is the material resources bureau to the factory to "national requisition. ".

Yang Gonghuan believes that whether the epidemic situation can be controlled, whether the materials can be well deployed, the core is the specific implementation of the local. "It also has a lot to do with actual people, " she says. One, is he doing his job. Second, is he experienced. Third, whether or not his basic quality is good enough to be able to adjust quickly in the process, which tests the ability of a local government to govern, is a key place. "

In the interview, one interviewee told the story of a grass roots official in Hubei who had contracted COVID-19 pneumonia. The head of the county-level Political Consultative Conference went to a meeting in the city, met officials returning from Wuhan, sat next to each other, and was infected. Those days of meetings, often dozens of people, closed doors and windows, only two or three people wearing masks. And the people who wear them, they get laughed at by their colleagues. The level of awareness and handling of such incidents by officials at the grass-roots level need to be improved.

Response Speed

On the night of January 27, an employee of a company involved in the construction of the mountain told people about her experience. When their aid team arrived in Wuhan, the government did not issue masks, but the workers had to have them to start work. She had no choice but to post a friend circle, only to be seen by a Chongqing Netizen. They met when they were starstruck.

This star-struck girl from Chongqing, who has recently been working as a volunteer, has accumulated a lot of resources on her hands. She pulled a group, first came in a Shanghainese, said a mask, but sent to Wuhan to two days, the time does not match, Shanghainese retreat from the group. Another business in Guangzhou, the delivery time is appropriate but not the model, back to the group. Another Xi'an Man, or delivery time is not good, out of the group. Finally, a Hankou man entered the crowd, all qualified, and gave 100 face masks in case of emergency. It's done. The whole process is efficient, concise, point-to-point.

But in the end, they wanted to drive to get their masks, because the car didn't have a pass, couldn't drive through downtown Wuhan, and was stuck again.

Several hundred kilometers away, at the same time, the First People's Hospital in Changde City, Hunan Province, issued a public notice, asking the community for masks, protective clothing and other materials, the most urgent is protective clothing. They are the only unit in Changde that has a stockpile of about 500 suits, the recruiter said. Because they require such high levels of protection only in the event of major infectious diseases or public health emergencies, they do not usually store much. These hundreds of clothes, from years ago to the present, really can not support.

In normal this matter can be found health committee, but now the factory is not open, Changde City Health Committee also has no way. The fifth day of the New Year fever clinic opened, the situation is even more serious. "If the HHS could fix it, we wouldn't do it this way, " said the recruiter. "

According to the government system, if there is an emergency response, the construction unit needs a mask, and it needs to first go to the government, a person who once worked for the Beijing Drug Administration told People's Daily. The staff of the Government Emergency Response Office went to the Health Commission, health Commission to be responsible for medical devices, medical devices and send documents to the procurement suppliers, procurement suppliers to find agents, agents to find factories. The factory finished the production department to drive to tow, and then a level to the hands of the people who really need.

The system operates not only at the same level of government, but also at different levels of government. For example, if an emergency occurs in a district or county in Beijing, and the district or county does not have enough resources, it can apply for a higher level of response, allowing the city to mobilize the city's resources. If Beijing is not satisfied, then a higher level of response, the Ministry of Civil Affairs to take charge, the national mobilization of resources.

In the past, the system worked smoothly. Especially in the information age, the shortage of a certain area is not known, or ultimately by the higher administrative units to solve. But the Wuhan epidemic is unique in that the speed of the epidemic is too fast, the intensity of the outbreak is too great, the test of administrative speed. And the Internet information exchange speed, the ability to mobilize resources, the superposition of citizens'enthusiasm and action, may run faster than the administrative speed.

The Wuhan Epidemic, Wuhan University, Huake and other institutions of higher learning alumni quickly and large-scale collection of a large number of materials. A volunteer from the Alumni Association of Wuhan University writes a few notes before going to bed these days. On the night of January 28, the fourth day of raising resources, she summed up her "professional medical buyers" workflow: First Look at the various models-please expert identification-logistics docking (domestic SF, rookie, overseas customs)-rapid docking to urgently needed hospitals-payment contract-waiting for logistics list-handling follow-up problems. A cumbersome process can be completed by one person.

She also shared some of the most cohesive details of the private self-organizing network. The United States, the Middle East, Latin America and other people in front of the purchase; is worried about Los Angeles how the source of goods to return home when a friend sent a link, is Los Angeles Home Logistics Assistance. When an employee of the aforementioned company involved in the construction of Huoshenshan saw that his company's freight train carrying construction-related materials to Wuhan had an empty carriage, they also asked volunteers in Wuhan if they had any supplies to help transport.

But the two systems do not operate independently, and there are many moments of collision. On the morning of January 25, the North American branch of the Alumni Association of Wuhan University sent a batch of masks to Wuhan. This is their first batch of supplies, raised $400,000 to buy in the United States, returned to China by China Eastern Airlines special line, contacted the embassy and the Millet Company to transport, "every day is a race against time" , but finally sent to the CDC, was rejected because the mask was substandard.

A list of materials donated by Wuhan University Alumni in Shenzhen, China Picture Source: Wuhan University

Late at night on January 27, people called the former deputy director of the National Center for Disease Control and Prevention, Yang Gonghuan, and also wanted to ask her what she thought of our current medical reserve system after having experienced SARS and having served in such an important post, how did the system fare in Wuhan? In terms of reserves, how should we respond to such a large public health event?

But in fact, Yang said, she doesn't think the material is the most important thing, the most important thing is to tell the truth. "The failure to inform the public of the outbreak by January 10 is clearly not conducive to effective containment. Of course, the reason for the closure of Wuhan is a bit out of control, which we do not want to see. "

"The biggest lesson we learned during SARS was to be transparent about the epidemic and to let people know about it, " she said, explaining her willingness to be interviewed again and again. Telling the truth is a key part of dealing with a big public health issue. This is very, very important, and I want to keep this in mind throughout, and I don't think I can overemphasize it. "

Haven't you seen enough?
LONG-PRESS QR code to follow "people" on Wechat
There's more where that came from

On the night of January 27, an employee of a company involved in the construction of the mountain told people about her experience. When their aid team arrived in Wuhan, the government did not issue masks, but the workers had to have them to start work. She had no choice but to post a friend circle, only to be seen by a Chongqing Netizen. They met when they were starstruck.

This star-struck girl from Chongqing, who has recently been working as a volunteer, has accumulated a lot of resources on her hands. She pulled a group, first came in a Shanghainese, said a mask, but sent to Wuhan to two days, the time does not match, Shanghainese retreat from the group. Another business in Guangzhou, the delivery time is appropriate but not the model, back to the group. Another Xi'an Man, or delivery time is not good, out of the group. Finally, a Hankou man entered the crowd, all qualified, and gave 100 face masks in case of emergency. It's done. The whole process is efficient, concise, point-to-point.

But in the end, they wanted to drive to get their masks, because the car didn't have a pass, couldn't drive through downtown Wuhan, and was stuck again.

Several hundred kilometers away, at the same time, the First People's Hospital in Changde City, Hunan Province, issued a public notice, asking the community for masks, protective clothing and other materials, the most urgent is protective clothing. They are the only unit in Changde that has a stockpile of about 500 suits, the recruiter said. Because they require such high levels of protection only in the event of major infectious diseases or public health emergencies, they do not usually store much. These hundreds of clothes, from years ago to the present, really can not support.

In normal this matter can be found health committee, but now the factory is not open, Changde City Health Committee also has no way. The fifth day of the New Year fever clinic opened, the situation is even more serious. "If the HHS could fix it, we wouldn't do it this way, " said the recruiter. "

According to the government system, if there is an emergency response, the construction unit needs a mask, and it needs to first go to the government, a person who once worked for the Beijing Drug Administration told People's Daily. The staff of the Government Emergency Response Office went to the Health Commission, health Commission to be responsible for medical devices, medical devices and send documents to the procurement suppliers, procurement suppliers to find agents, agents to find factories. The factory finished the production department to drive to tow, and then a level to the hands of the people who really need.

The system operates not only at the same level of government, but also at different levels of government. For example, if an emergency occurs in a district or county in Beijing, and the district or county does not have enough resources, it can apply for a higher level of response, allowing the city to mobilize the city's resources. If Beijing is not satisfied, then a higher level of response, the Ministry of Civil Affairs to take charge, the national mobilization of resources.

In the past, the system worked smoothly. Especially in the information age, the shortage of a certain area is not known, or ultimately by the higher administrative units to solve. But the Wuhan epidemic is unique in that the speed of the epidemic is too fast, the intensity of the outbreak is too great, the test of administrative speed. And the Internet information exchange speed, the ability to mobilize resources, the superposition of citizens'enthusiasm and action, may run faster than the administrative speed.

The Wuhan Epidemic, Wuhan University, Huake and other institutions of higher learning alumni quickly and large-scale collection of a large number of materials. A volunteer from the Alumni Association of Wuhan University writes a few notes before going to bed these days. On the night of January 28, the fourth day of raising resources, she summed up her "professional medical buyers" workflow: First Look at the various models-please expert identification-logistics docking (domestic SF, rookie, overseas customs)-rapid docking to urgently needed hospitals-payment contract-waiting for logistics list-handling follow-up problems. A cumbersome process can be completed by one person.

She also shared some of the most cohesive details of the private self-organizing network. The United States, the Middle East, Latin America and other people in front of the purchase; is worried about Los Angeles how the source of goods to return home when a friend sent a link, is Los Angeles Home Logistics Assistance. When an employee of the aforementioned company involved in the construction of Huoshenshan saw that his company's freight train carrying construction-related materials to Wuhan had an empty carriage, they also asked volunteers in Wuhan if they had any supplies to help transport.

But the two systems do not operate independently, and there are many moments of collision. On the morning of January 25, the North American branch of the Alumni Association of Wuhan University sent a batch of masks to Wuhan. This is their first batch of supplies, raised $400,000 to buy in the United States, returned to China by China Eastern Airlines special line, contacted the embassy and the Millet Company to transport, "every day is a race against time" , but finally sent to the CDC, was rejected because the mask was substandard.

A list of materials donated by Wuhan University Alumni in Shenzhen, China Picture Source: Wuhan University

Late at night on January 27, people called the former deputy director of the National Center for Disease Control and Prevention, Yang Gonghuan, and also wanted to ask her what she thought of our current medical reserve system after having experienced SARS and having served in such an important post, how did the system fare in Wuhan? In terms of reserves, how should we respond to such a large public health event?

But in fact, Yang said, she doesn't think the material is the most important thing, the most important thing is to tell the truth. "The failure to inform the public of the outbreak by January 10 is clearly not conducive to effective containment. Of course, the reason for the closure of Wuhan is a bit out of control, which we do not want to see. "

"The biggest lesson we learned during SARS was to be transparent about the epidemic and to let people know about it, " she said, explaining her willingness to be interviewed again and again. Telling the truth is a key part of dealing with a big public health issue. This is very, very important, and I want to keep this in mind throughout, and I don't think I can overemphasize it. "

Haven't you seen enough?

LONG-PRESS QR code to follow "people" on Wechat

There's more where that came from

Go to "discover"-"take a look" browse "friends watching"

Sent

####Send it to take a look

Sending

A scan of wechat
Pay attention to the account


-------------
title: What happened to all the medical supplies we were stockpiling?
source: ren-wu-/-mei-ri-ren-wu
authors: _
editors: _
proofreader: _
photographer: _
translator: _
via: https://github.com/2019ncovmemory/nCovMemory
link: https://mp.weixin.qq.com/s/Vqi5j05wgNy83Nwnn61Ywg
archive: https://archive.vn/K592l
snapshot: https://github.com/2019ncovmemory/nCovMemory/blob/master/archive/jpg/114.jpg
lead: N95 Masks, protective clothing, such as medical devices do not belong to Hubei's medical reserves focus, the number of storage is not much.
cover: data:image/jpeg;base64,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
