##SOUTH KOREAN EPIDEMIC PREVENTION FOCUS: mysterious "new world"

Lifeweek

Features an introduction to a magazine and the life he advocates.

After the Mers (Middle East Respiratory Syndrome) incident in 2015, South Korea reorganized its disease control department, which has shown a pretty good modern prevention and control capability in the fight against the new coronavirus. But the covert and gathering nature of a new religion makes the Korean epidemic situation more complicated and difficult.

According to the Johns Hopkins University, more than 7,800 cases of NCP have been confirmed in South Korea, 80 percent of which are group infections and nearly 60 percent are related to Shintien Dijiao.
Intern reporter | Zhang Jieqiong

After the Mers (Middle East Respiratory Syndrome) incident in 2015, South Korea reorganized its disease control department, which has shown a pretty good modern prevention and control capability in the fight against the new coronavirus. But the covert and gathering nature of a new religion makes the Korean epidemic situation more complicated and difficult.

According to the Johns Hopkins University, more than 7,800 cases of NCP have been confirmed in South Korea, 80 percent of which are group infections and nearly 60 percent are related to Shintien Dijiao.

After the Mers (Middle East Respiratory Syndrome) incident in 2015, South Korea reorganized its disease control department, which has shown a pretty good modern prevention and control capability in the fight against the new coronavirus. But the covert and gathering nature of a new religion makes the Korean epidemic situation more complicated and difficult.

According to the Johns Hopkins University, more than 7,800 cases of NCP have been confirmed in South Korea, 80 percent of which are group infections and nearly 60 percent are related to Shintien Dijiao.

Intern reporter | Zhang Jieqiong

Patient 31

The number 31 has become a number that terrifies all South Koreans. From the day it appeared, South Korea was forced to become the "focus" of the global fight against the epidemic.

On Feb. 6, a 61-year-old woman in the South Korean city of Daegu was taken to hospital after being hit by a car. It's only minor injuries, but she still needs to be in the hospital for a while, under observation. Before entering the hospital, the new coronavirus had already invaded the body, she soon developed fever symptoms. The old woman rested all day in the hospital and seldom left the hospital in ten days. But as a devout neophyte, she was determined not to miss the service. So, at 7:30 a.m. on February 9 and 16, she alone dragged her sick body to the new world church in Taegu.

Thousands of people sat side by side on the floor of the church, just five centimetres apart, elbow to elbow, like Sardines as food, as they removed their masks to show their respect for God, this went on for two hours. During recess, the old woman would shake hands with other members of the congregation, and she would share her lunchbox with others at the service. "every time the priest says something, we have to say 'amen, ' which is the best environment for the virus to spread, " An suying, a former member of the new World Church, told Reuters as she reviewed her attendance at Church, the woman's condition worsened, and on the advice of her doctor, she finally tested positive for the new coronavirus, which confirmed patient No. 31 in South Korea.

Before "31" appeared, Korea's anti-epidemic front is still strong. Nana, a Chinese who has married as far away as Taegu, is far more concerned about the outbreak than the average Korean. She watches the news every day about the number of new diagnoses in South Korea. The number of confirmed cases rose slowly from the first new coronavirus infection in South Korea on January 15, "basically one today and probably none tomorrow. " By February 18, the number of new cases had just exceeded 20. But the news of February 19th sent Nana into a tizzy -- As the number of people diagnosed that day soared by dozens -- and made headlines.

February 20, in the new World Daegu Church, health station staff in disinfection epidemic prevention. Yonhap

A few days earlier, Nana had ended her home quarantine and removed her mask with ease, but the Feb. 19 news had made her feel that danger was closing in. Fifteen of the new patients that day were from Daegu and neighboring North Gyeongsang Province, and had come into contact with patient 31, who happened to live in a residential neighborhood on the fifth ring road of Daegu. A few days later, she heard on the home radio that there had been a confirmed case in the neighborhood. "The moment I heard the radio I was so nervous I didn't go out for 24 hours, " Nana said. The Community Management Office would not disclose the exact location and information of the infected patients, but since that day, the radio every day will add a reminder: "please treat the epidemic with the standard that you have a confirmed patient around you, and raise your awareness of protection. "

Taegu, South Korea's most important industrial city, began to fall silent. Nana noticed that the streets were soon empty, and people retreated to their homes, never to go out again. The doors of the dental clinic, the beauty parlor, and the bakery were still open, but the owner was alone. The green trees on the road also hung banners, clearly marked: Wash hands frequently, wear a mask.

20,31,22... the number of newly diagnosed cases continued to climb over the next few days. South Korea's epidemic prevention authorities collected a list of 1,001 Daegu Xintiandi devotees who prayed with patient 31, and epidemic prevention officials called them to check whether they had fever or cough. Over the course of the day, 90 of the 1,001 parishioners said they had symptoms, 515 were asymptomatic, and the remaining 396 were unreachable. The hunt turned into a hunt, with 600 Daegu police being scrambled to track the pilgrims'movements using their cell phone locations and credit card data, cross checking the cameras to determine their whereabouts. They went from house to house, looking out the window for signs of life, and knocked on the door.

The mysterious new world religion

In fact, before the outbreak, Xintiandi was a very controversial religious organization. It has a closed-door inner structure that hosts its own Olympics, graduation ceremonies and world summits. At the rally, religious people from more than 40 countries gathered in South Korea, sitting around the stadium and singing songs of praise. The founder, Lee Man-Hee, dressed in traditional white, sat on a high platform with a folding fan in his hand, facing tens of thousands of enthusiastic devotees. People think it is the heresy of Christianity, even call it "heresy" . South Korea's CBS television station, which produces a documentary, accused Xintiandi of leading to bad social behavior such as stealing money, destroying families, and encouraging minors to run away from home. Because of this controversy, many members of the church have hidden their identity to join the new world church.

And now, because of the epidemic, "new world" has once again become the target of criticism. The mystery of the identity of the believers has been revealed, the people were surprised, the army believes in the new world of more than 100 soldiers. A civil servant working at the Daegu virus testing site clinic did not admit to his family and friends that he was a member of the church until he tested positive.

On March 2, Lee Man-Hee, founder of the New World Church, faced the camera and apologized on behalf of his congregation. "I don't know what my words can do, " he says, choking up in a protective mask. Then he gets up from his chair and walks to the empty space beside the table, slowly bending his knees and falling to his knees, made a bow to the press and the citizens of the city. "I'm deeply sorry for the people, " Lee Man-Hee repeated, "but it wasn't the church that made it worse. " The camera repeatedly zoomed in on a gold watch worn on Lee Man-Hee's wrist, it was a gift from his predecessor, Park Geun-hye, and Taegu was Park Geun-hye's home town, home to many of Park's followers. The glowing dials raised questions about Lee Man-Hee, and protesters at the scene shouted through loudspeakers, demanding that the government punish Lee Man-Hee and Xintiandi's top brass. The angry voices of the crowd drowned out the reporters'questions.

Lee Man-Hee kneels at a press conference on the mass infection in the church on March 2 in Gaping County, Gyeonggi Province. Yonhap

"A few days ago, Lee Man-Hee was teaching his followers how to avoid the South Korean police. If a policeman asks if he has been involved in any new world church activities recently, he says, he has been out for a long time. If the police ask if it has anything to do with Xintiandi, the answer is no,"Wang Song, a Chinese member who quit Xintiandi a year ago, told the Financial Times. He was not surprised to learn on the news that members of the Church had concealed their identities. He was detained by the police five years ago while attending a training course for the new heaven and Earth Church in Harbin, where he was a senior at the time. "members of the Church taught me how to fool the school, and if I wrote a check, they told me to write and never go to church again. But I've been doing it ever since. "

The South Korean government has put Lee Man-Hee on trial for involuntary manslaughter, assault and battery, and violating the laws governing the prevention and management of infectious diseases. They have sued Lee Man-Hee, the president of the New World Church, and others at the Seoul City Public Prosecutor's office. On March 3, Seoul Culture Minister Yoo yeon-sik publicly said, "The new World Church has a responsibility to actively cooperate with the government and the epidemic prevention authorities, but it has repeatedly delayed, falsified and systematically avoided investigation when submitting lists of believers, and we understand that the church is still conducting missionary work and meetings in various underground venues. "

On March 8th South Korea confirmed 7,137 people, more than 60% of them members of the new World Church. The outcry against Xintiandi culminated in a petition demanding that the president dissolve it, which collected more than 750,000 signatures in four days, four times the threshold for a public response in Blue House (200,000 in 30 days) . Taegu's mayor, Quan Yongzhen, has called for coercive measures against the church, but local prosecutors have repeatedly refused government requests to search and seize its premises. South Korea's progress against the disease is in a state of anxiety.

On the morning of March 10, at the gate of a call center in Seoul's Jiulao district, local residents entered the screening clinic for examination. Yonhap

An examination of epidemic prevention in Korea

South Korea could have handed in a high score for the new crown. In the process of virus invasion in South Korea, the relevant disease control departments have shown effective governance capacity at the beginning. On January 12, before the outbreak had spread widely in Wuhan, Park's company, Celemics biotech, was tasked by South Korea's disease management headquarters (KCDC) . At that time, the first case of new crown pneumonia appeared in Korea, the virus will be transmitted to different regions will have a certain variation, the need for immediate analysis of the virus genetic sequence. Celemics'latest technology combines high-quality Ngs II sequencing with first-generation accuracy, plus a new coronavirus gene sequence from China, and 16 hours later, they have a mutation. Park told our reporter, South Korea's gene sequencing speed and accuracy are among the best, now troubled by the virus in France to complete the sequencing work took five days. "because South Korea has a good grasp of the genetic information of six previous viruses, such as SARS and Mers, we can quickly compare the genetic information of the new coronavirus provided by China, which is equivalent to starting from scratch in other countries, and from 50 to 100 in South Korea. "

On January 29, Park yong-jae flew back to Seoul from Beijing. There is a special green passage at the exit of the airport to distinguish the planes departing from China, and there are special buses sent by schools to pick up Chinese students outside the airport. Passengers with fever before leaving were asked to download a mobile APP and Upload Their Health Status Daily. On Jan. 31, Nana landed at the Seoul airport after the Lunar New Year holiday in Beijing, and was given a blank sheet of paper by immigration officials with a page on self imposed quarantine and how to deal with sudden symptoms. She told her husband, who had come to pick her up, to prepare a mask and bring her alcohol in a watering can. As soon as they met at the airport exit, her husband gave her a full-on spray cleaning.

Passengers from Japan are quarantined at Incheon Airport on March 9. Yonhap

After returning to Seoul from Beijing, Park was asked to undergo a new coronavirus test. He noticed that there were many mysterious tents in the street, with medical staff in white protective suits standing in the middle, testing people like mcdonald's offers a quick service. These "drive-in" virus detection stations have been set up since February 7, when the rapid test kit was officially put into use in South Korea. Park yong-jae was driving through when the medical staff handed him a 20-centimeter-long sampling stick. He put the stick into his mouth, took a throat swab sample, and then handed it back to the medical staff. The medical staff took it cautiously, that's been preserved. After rolling down the window, Park drove the car slowly out of the tent and the virus test was over. He was excited by the South Korean government's move: "The traditional hospital test, where every person collected has to be re-sterilized, and this way we don't have to get out of the car, don't have to re-sterilize, even if someone is diagnosed and will not contaminate the test point, the time is much shorter. "

Park told the Financial Times that South Korea's response to Middle East Respiratory Syndrome pneumonia has improved so much since its response to Mers in 2015, "In 2015, the South Korean government didn't do anything, didn't disclose the location of the infection, didn't disclose the hospital where the infected patients were being treated, and all the government had to say was, 'don't touch the camel, it's funny. ' " During the crisis, South Korea became the first country outside Saudi Arabia, the cost of 36 deaths in the world's fastest-contracting country has led South Korea to retool its disease-control system. "When President Moon jae-in came to power three years ago, and all the disease control officials under former president Park Geun-hye resigned, the new government had to re-establish the disease control department. At the end of last year, the Disease Control Department conducted a large-scale rehearsal, so the measures taken by the government can be put in place like this. "

Medical workers prepare to examine new cases of coronary heart disease at Seoul's Jiulao district health station on March 12. Yonhap

But the situation remains grave. According to the Johns Hopkins University, there are now more than 7,800 confirmed cases of NCP in South Korea, 80 percent of which are group infections, and nearly 60 percent are related to Shintien Dijiao. According to Lee Man-Hee, the new World Church has 245,000 followers in South Korea and abroad. These hidden believers are now the biggest threat to the epidemic. Although the church submitted a list of parishioners to the police under pressure, the police found that the list was inaccurate and included former members who had left the church, they even listed some of the dropouts who had only attended the initiation training as core members of the new World Church. Although it is not yet possible to prove that the inaccurate membership list was deliberately withheld by the new World Church or was the result of internal management chaos, it does pose a major obstacle to the prevention and control of the epidemic. Retracing the spread of the epidemic, the South Korean disaster is not a weapon in the hands of the Disease Control Department can solve. The issue of sectarianism and mismanagement has become a major concern in this epidemic.

(Wang was given a pseudonym at the request of the interviewee. For An in-depth report, see the March 18 issue of Sanlian Life Weekly.)

Please stamp → a series of reports on new pneumonia in Sanlian life weekly

The Copyright of the article belongs to "Sanlian life weekly" all, welcome to forward to friends circle, reprint open white please contact backstage. Without permission, do not reprint to the website, APP, etc. .

Click on the image below to order the new title special issue

"prepare to resume work. "

Click to read the original article, go to the weekly bookstore, and buy the new pneumonia special issue combination

Go to "discover"-"take a look" browse "friends watching"

Sent

####Send it to take a look

Sending

A scan of wechat
Pay attention to the account


-------------
title: SOUTH KOREAN EPIDEMIC PREVENTION FOCUS: mysterious "new world"
source: san-lian-sheng-huo-zhou-kan
authors: _
editors: _
proofreader: _
photographer: _
translator: _
via: https://github.com/2019ncovmemory/nCovMemory
link: https://mp.weixin.qq.com/s/0ds-DuIcg0NeP8yzJSywXA
archive: http://archive.today/naabJ
snapshot: https://github.com/2019ncovmemory/nCovMemory/blob/master/archive/jpg/3487.jpg
lead: There are more than 7800 confirmed cases of NCP in South Korea, 80% of them belong to group infection, and nearly 60% are related to Shintien dijiao.
cover: data:image/jpeg;base64,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
