##Diary of the epidemic | 50th day of the siege of Wuhan

Plantifulsoul

Introduction to behindmylife

2020.3.12

Tomorrow, the second season of Kingdom will go live on Netflix, hand wringing and other updates, and remember that the first season was also released on Friday, and then stayed up all weekend to Binge Watch it, and then went on a wild rampage with Amway. BAE DOONA's medical girl was marginal in the first season, and there's nothing special about her. In the second season, she's supposed to be opening up a copy of the cure, with the man in charge of the front line fighting the zombies and the woman in charge of the rear guard.

I had recommended the Japanese drama boat of Theseus, and now I take it back. The writers seem to have forced the audience into a 10 episode series, as if the audience were retarded. The main character's family is played by schoolchildren, and the main character travels through the past and knows what will happen in the future, bag also with the news clip book, for fear that he forgot the details, the result of such a powerful plug-in was picked up by the primary school students, and the cat teases the mouse-like crush hero, see my heart depressed, angry hammer bed.

Instead, another don't know what is going well, with Yuriko Yoshitaka's hairstyle and trench coat all coveted and Oishi guaranteed, "The woman who sells the house" , "the Little Bean" and "the big love" are all his works in recent years. In the play, hamoto-woo looks at Yue-su more and more, the image is mature and introverted, the work is earnest, the life is gentle and careful, "Why didn't I notice at that time, why did I abandon this person after all" , AH! I am the heroine also want to ask myself this question! Fortunately, the two quickly get back together, all the way sugar, from the beginning of the masochistic drama never to return. In reality, Hakemoto's wife is Sakura Andō, for a moment did not know whether to envy her husband or wife. Every time I say that I love the appearance of thick eyebrows big eyes, in fact, a few of the true love are single-eyelid small eyes, handle this you face the camera when I almost drowned it.

One of the upcoming spring shows caught my eye -- The way of the Dragon: The two-faced avengers, Hiroshi Tamaki and Takahashi's life as the two leading men, dubbed the "uncle's unbreakable twin dragons. " , brother Hiroshi Tamaki was a gangster, brother Ryūji (Takahashi life) is the elite land and resources provincial officials, the two revenge. The trailer shows Hiroshi Tamaki in a white shirt, vaguely aware of his predecessor, Chiaki, and, alas, genuinely suggesting that he work part time with a radio play, which sounds great.

The Human Resources of the project company asked me when I could go back, and I don't know the exact time, saying that I should be able to go back to Xi'an in April. At present, there is no news that cross-provincial mobility is allowed. The human resources asked me to wait patiently for official notification. Although Xi'an has been completely opened up, still require outsiders to fill out travel information, there are people tracking health, non-hubei are so strict, I head "Wuhan People" three words, it is best not to run around.

Our Xinjiang project is quite direct and brutal, can not find people to work, shoulder the pressure of the construction period, direct charter flights, take hundreds of workers stranded in Sichuan back to work. Colleagues who returned to Xinjiang to accept quarantine also said that the policy was relaxed. As soon as he got off the plane, he was taken by a big bus to a small town around Urumqi for observation. He was not allowed to go out. Three meals were delivered to the door. The food was very poor and he was seriously short of protein, colleagues who return these days can go directly into the community, although also accept quarantine, living conditions are much better than the hotel. I was chatting with my colleagues in Xinjiang. My brain was shut off at home. I was in urgent need of a job transfer. I asked for a chartered plane to take me away. I was willing to go to the Urumqi project to bundle up the steel bars. It just so happened that the small white apricot was also coming on the market soon. There was no need to wait for the express delivery, i eat fresh fruit directly over there, colleagues sternly refused me, I do not want to hope for personal gain, peace of mind at home against the plague, express resumed to send me apricots and honeydew. The project was about to be completed, and we were invited to Xinjiang for the event, but it turned out to be a series of question marks. People from all over the country were wary of large-scale events, and were afraid that they would be delayed until next spring.

In private, I asked around, the headquarters had already arranged to resume work, before the conference was held, the Wuhan area was really safe and secure sitting in the conference room with a video connection. I was extremely envious. I said, could I get a job certificate? If the headquarters is short of people, i could jump right in and help, and my colleagues at headquarters said that everyone remained at home except the boss, who had no problems getting around. I said, how can I get involved in the category of "the national economy and the People's livelihood" ? Can I not apply for returning to work and returning to production as soon as possible? My colleague said that because the headquarters is too far away, many people don't have cars at home, so they can't ride to and from work for a few hours at a time. If they go, they don't have meals. The dining hall is closed, and leaders generally drive, it doesn't matter.

Seeing the latest announcement from the provincial epidemic prevention headquarters, relaxing the restrictions on the movement of people in the province, the health code in my alipay is green and useless, because there is no need to go to other parts of the province, "We will continue to implement strict control measures on the passage from Han to Hubei, and ensure the services of those stranded in Hubei. " This sentence makes me continue to have heart attacks. I welcome people from other parts of the country to return to Han. Don't think about going out for a while, cTRIP also can not brush out ticket high-speed rail tickets, all without tickets to be filled (delayed to March 20, Wuhan completely sealed two months, too trance, no real feeling) .

I was interviewed by a newspaper before. I was asking about life after the closure of the city. I received information from the reporters yesterday. They wanted to do a report on the psychological condition of Wuhan residents during the closure of the city. They had a few questions to ask me. I saw the news at first, but did not reply for a long time, wait until the next day I told her, you see I answered you after such a long time, the psychological state of it is obvious. Friends recommend counseling and counseling on the phone, sometimes not get through, sometimes feel that the other side is just as a listener, quietly listen to me, although the phone is not off, I feel I am just talking to myself, once or twice still effective, let it out. Right now, I'm too lazy to call the hotline, so I might as well be talking to the wall. My friend asked me if I could shout at the window. I said No. If I did, my neighbor might report me as a mental patient. After I got back to Xi'an, my parents and I would be together. What if they were being scrutinized by their neighbors every day.

After the box horse recovered its capacity, our family finally escaped from the Bitter Sea of cabbage and cabbage, and bought bamboo shoots and bean sprouts, and grabbed two boxes of strawberries. It is not easy to eat strawberries now. The take-away food in the online fruit shop is often shoddy, the group buys eight CATTIES TO START SELLING. Today, I was lucky to receive a 10-yuan gift from the government. There was a head of cauliflower, a ring of winter melon, a bag of green peppers and many, many new potatoes. The vegetables looked fresh. The potatoes were not bruised or bruised, but there was a moment of bewilderment when so many potatoes suddenly appeared, my family seldom eats potatoes, and I seldom study potato cooking. I would like to try potato cakes and baked potatoes some time.

The pictures of garbage trucks delivering meat circulating on the Internet have not been found in our community for the time being. All of them are the owners applying for a pass and driving to the supermarket to pull back to the community. However, I have seen several scenes of the property pushing a cement tricycle to deliver food to the door, the tricycle looked dirty, it was not clear whether it had been disposed of. Vegetables were directly piled in the cart. The newspaper was not even spread out. It felt quite unsanitary. I also complained to my parents at that time that our property was not reliable, throwing things out of your mouth.

In addition to regularly going to the supermarket to buy heart-warming vegetables and meat, the community is still organizing group purchases. Once a week, the dishes are still the same, Cabbage Moss, green peppers, beans, carrots, and so on. Recently, fresh leeks have been added, but often they are three to five catties, and the portions are too large, to give merchants suggestions for small amounts of variety, one or two catties is enough. Ordinary people buy more than ten catties and can not really eat them all up. Merchants do not accept retail sales, picking and sorting are too busy to come. If they must distribute small packages, the price will have to be 5-10 yuan more, Eh, residents continue to "wholesale vegetables, " I see our fruit group has also become "fruit wholesale price, " more than 10 pounds of Baba Mandarin, boxes of apples and pears, our family do not like to eat fruit, sent home a box of Aksu candy apples years ago, put a few left over to eat now, the winter when eating crisp and sweet, now soft, like put into the refrigerator frozen and defrosted fruit, taste a lot worse.

Every time I see the family has a long time not to eat, put bad, not fresh, frozen food for half a year, always want to clear out to throw away, put home occupied space. If my parents find out, they put the food back where they found it, said I do not eat them to eat, throw away how wasteful, and then put it for a long time did not eat. It seems that the older generation is very thrifty and reluctant to throw things away. Our family salted a lot of preserved fish years ago and steamed a big bowl. They ate it slowly. They only ate one or two pieces of fish every day. The fish was heated repeatedly and the more salted, the more salty I felt it was neither nutritious nor healthy to eat too much preserved food, i tried to take a few pieces down to feed the cat secretly every day, until it was clear that the bowl was more than half empty. My father finally couldn't hold back. "I mean, how did the fish eat so fast? It turns out the cat ate them all. They only need ham intestines to eat. Don't feed the cat with the fish. " I said I picked all the scraps, what fish tail, fish head these parts, do not hinder you to eat fish.

On second thought, I think my desire to throw things stems from "seeing upset" , such as opening the refrigerator every day to see the leftovers put for three or four days, a bowl of soup repeatedly mixed with water to heat, a year or two to eat more hot sauce, from their point of view, though, the habit of hoarding stems from "frugality, " spending money anyway, throwing it away is wasteful, and it's OK to reheat it before eating it, not so much as vomit and diarrhea, so we acquiesced in non-interference, and I pretended I couldn't see anything.

I was very early in the micro-blog to complain, after the city was closed, I didn't dare to quarrel with my parents casually, there was no place to go, in case the quarrel was very fierce, I could still run to the street to cool off, find a drink shop to sit until the evening and then go home, now the community can not go out, if we get to the point where we're not speaking to each other, it's GonNa be a massive embarrassing cancer outbreak. Now I am spending more and more time at home. It is really a matter of strong will to keep my mouth shut, to avoid useless arguments and conflicts, to avoid sensitive topics and to talk about gossip. There is no such thing as quiet time, but to shut each other up. Keeping silent is also hoping that I can control my self-love, see my relationship with others clearly, and want to change a person, unless he has the will to change, is willing to accept the changed state, the other person's lips can not be torn to achieve the goal, if I keep trying to "reform others" by imposing my own will on my parents or others around me, it only adds to each other's troubles.

Home downstairs do a frog hot pot restaurant, just opened in the second half of last year, cold business is good, but also willing to promote concessions, a few times home can see a few table inside. Yesterday, I was talking with my mother. The end of the epidemic means that the restaurant will be closed down and sold. Now, no Wuhan Person Dares to eat bullfrogs. Although bullfrogs are all raised in captivity, once bitten by snakes, everyone is a little scared, right. Think of it this way, the most stable neighborhood is Lanzhou Ramen restaurant, opened for several years have not transferred, the shop next to the farm, Tujia cuisine, home-cooked dishes, and now into a closed bullfrog hot pot, do not know what the next taste.

At home, no clothes to wear, borrow my mother's house pants, change to sit in the study, the dog in my leg around, keep the smell, get up to pour water also closely follow me, always watching my every move. Maybe the smell of my mom on my pants, popping up in my lap, it's not scientific. Used to complain that the dog nose is not working, sometimes eat a little food, the dog smell everywhere, is not to find where the food, but I pick up the fast. After a few laps between my mom and me, maybe I finally figured out why they both smell the same, and now they don't.

The first part of the diary just mentioned the dilemma of school closure and distance learning. Today, I happened to read a report by fenghuang.com finance and Economics entitled "students preparing for the Wuhan University entrance examination: Born in SARS, taking the exam in the new crown" . The reporter interviewed senior three students of No. 1 Middle School in Wuhan, they use Qq phone class, than live broadcast stability, a few paragraphs read quite uncomfortable, high-pressure final months of the sprint phase, suddenly interrupted by the epidemic:

"after a day of online class, my eyes are pretty tired. I have a printer at home, and I try to type it all out. Some of my classmates don't have a printer, so it's hard to study on a mobile phone. The mobile phone screen is very small, the test paper formula is very long... although the college entrance examination has not been postponed, in fact, this year it has had quite a big impact on us, many independent admissions have been cancelled, this kind of bonus points have been removed, that is, with the strength of the hard examination, we are all very flustered... the impact of the current epidemic, in addition to the students taking the college entrance examination, also has an impact on students preparing to go abroad. Some for toefl and ielts have been cancelled."

Students said, "No printer, with a mobile phone to see the problem, the formula is very long. " I can imagine facing the palm-sized screen, dragging pictures around, looking closely at the screen of the formula. The formulas of physics, Chemistry and mathematics are really many and complicated, the online exam is not only a test of students'eyesight, but also a torment to the teachers who grade the papers. In the past, the calculation and proof questions were written in long strings, for fear that the teachers would say that they would not strictly deduct the marks. The teachers saw the photos sent by the students, with all these numbers, I'm afraid it's only gonNA get worse.

The reporter also interviewed the parents of the students, during the outbreak insisted on first-line duty, home grandparents are responsible for cooking:

"It's 7:30, you get up, you don't have to go out, you're in your pajamas, you're in Internet class, and you're getting at least an extra hour of sleep in the morning. Still very rare, in the morning we do not have to send children to school, this feeling is still good... some of their classmates are not Wuhan, is the outskirts of Hubei County, after the suspension of classes they went back to their hometown, Wuhan closed city, not back. Some went to the field, was isolated, in the isolation point of the class exam... I see their classmates upload answer sheet, is really a wide variety of, some or hotel paper. We have a printer at home and we can print them out. Some of US don't have a printer at home, so we just draw [ the grid ] by hand. That's the first time I've ever seen a senior in high school."

Finally, the reporter interviewed an ordinary senior high school teacher in Xiaogan, the teachers are also "push the duck on the shelf" , temporary learning online teaching, marking papers:

"It's a special time, we have to O our students' enthusiasm... I'm old, I have bad eyesight and sometimes I can't see clearly in the pictures taken by my mobile phone, but what we think of each student is an effort to solve it. "

Teachers can do very limited, home study without the school atmosphere of collective class, the basic students rely on self-consciousness, the teacher can not stare, parents can not 24 hours to move a bench sitting next to. Students, parents, teachers are anxious, hope the outbreak of an early end, students back to school, adjusted to take the college entrance examination.

The reporter at the end of the feeling, in the interview frequently heard "do not give yourself back" , "no matter when the test, your competitors are a group of people studying hard for more than 10 years. ". Ah, special period, very prepared for the exam, 12 years of study time compressed into the college entrance examination of 2 days, this year's high school students in Hubei pressure is really big, "born in SARS, test in the new crown, " the most timely one ya.

Also saw in the community is online class students, see age should be reading high school, he lives on the first floor, good weather will open the curtains for air. I went to the side door to pick up the package and saw the student sitting on his bedroom window, wearing his school uniform, facing his computer, wearing headphones, with a thick stack of textbooks at his side, writing his notes as fast as he could, looking so intent that I didn't want to interrupt his class and just glanced over. Later, I saw this classmate, the textbooks more and more high, before also carefully comb hair, recently saw the hair like chicken nest, maybe it is long, no time to property haircuts, maybe it is too much pressure, scratching his head all day sigh, the hair was caught disorderly.

It was raining this morning, and I didn't see the cats, and now it's sunny and it's light. Opened a bottle of beer, stood in front of the study window Mengxi a few breaths, the original has passed 50 days.

2020.3.12

Tomorrow, the second season of Kingdom will go live on Netflix, hand wringing and other updates, and remember that the first season was also released on Friday, and then stayed up all weekend to Binge Watch it, and then went on a wild rampage with Amway. BAE DOONA's medical girl was marginal in the first season, and there's nothing special about her. In the second season, she's supposed to be opening up a copy of the cure, with the man in charge of the front line fighting the zombies and the woman in charge of the rear guard.

I had recommended the Japanese drama boat of Theseus, and now I take it back. The writers seem to have forced the audience into a 10 episode series, as if the audience were retarded. The main character's family is played by schoolchildren, and the main character travels through the past and knows what will happen in the future, bag also with the news clip book, for fear that he forgot the details, the result of such a powerful plug-in was picked up by the primary school students, and the cat teases the mouse-like crush hero, see my heart depressed, angry hammer bed.

Instead, another don't know what is going well, with Yuriko Yoshitaka's hairstyle and trench coat all coveted and Oishi guaranteed, "The woman who sells the house" , "the Little Bean" and "the big love" are all his works in recent years. In the play, hamoto-woo looks at Yue-su more and more, the image is mature and introverted, the work is earnest, the life is gentle and careful, "Why didn't I notice at that time, why did I abandon this person after all" , AH! I am the heroine also want to ask myself this question! Fortunately, the two quickly get back together, all the way sugar, from the beginning of the masochistic drama never to return. In reality, Hakemoto's wife is Sakura Andō, for a moment did not know whether to envy her husband or wife. Every time I say that I love the appearance of thick eyebrows big eyes, in fact, a few of the true love are single-eyelid small eyes, handle this you face the camera when I almost drowned it.

One of the upcoming spring shows caught my eye -- The way of the Dragon: The two-faced avengers, Hiroshi Tamaki and Takahashi's life as the two leading men, dubbed the "uncle's unbreakable twin dragons. " , brother Hiroshi Tamaki was a gangster, brother Ryūji (Takahashi life) is the elite land and resources provincial officials, the two revenge. The trailer shows Hiroshi Tamaki in a white shirt, vaguely aware of his predecessor, Chiaki, and, alas, genuinely suggesting that he work part time with a radio play, which sounds great.

The Human Resources of the project company asked me when I could go back, and I don't know the exact time, saying that I should be able to go back to Xi'an in April. At present, there is no news that cross-provincial mobility is allowed. The human resources asked me to wait patiently for official notification. Although Xi'an has been completely opened up, still require outsiders to fill out travel information, there are people tracking health, non-hubei are so strict, I head "Wuhan People" three words, it is best not to run around.

Our Xinjiang project is quite direct and brutal, can not find people to work, shoulder the pressure of the construction period, direct charter flights, take hundreds of workers stranded in Sichuan back to work. Colleagues who returned to Xinjiang to accept quarantine also said that the policy was relaxed. As soon as he got off the plane, he was taken by a big bus to a small town around Urumqi for observation. He was not allowed to go out. Three meals were delivered to the door. The food was very poor and he was seriously short of protein, colleagues who return these days can go directly into the community, although also accept quarantine, living conditions are much better than the hotel. I was chatting with my colleagues in Xinjiang. My brain was shut off at home. I was in urgent need of a job transfer. I asked for a chartered plane to take me away. I was willing to go to the Urumqi project to bundle up the steel bars. It just so happened that the small white apricot was also coming on the market soon. There was no need to wait for the express delivery, i eat fresh fruit directly over there, colleagues sternly refused me, I do not want to hope for personal gain, peace of mind at home against the plague, express resumed to send me apricots and honeydew. The project was about to be completed, and we were invited to Xinjiang for the event, but it turned out to be a series of question marks. People from all over the country were wary of large-scale events, and were afraid that they would be delayed until next spring.

In private, I asked around, the headquarters had already arranged to resume work, before the conference was held, the Wuhan area was really safe and secure sitting in the conference room with a video connection. I was extremely envious. I said, could I get a job certificate? If the headquarters is short of people, i could jump right in and help, and my colleagues at headquarters said that everyone remained at home except the boss, who had no problems getting around. I said, how can I get involved in the category of "the national economy and the People's livelihood" ? Can I not apply for returning to work and returning to production as soon as possible? My colleague said that because the headquarters is too far away, many people don't have cars at home, so they can't ride to and from work for a few hours at a time. If they go, they don't have meals. The dining hall is closed, and leaders generally drive, it doesn't matter.

Seeing the latest announcement from the provincial epidemic prevention headquarters, relaxing the restrictions on the movement of people in the province, the health code in my alipay is green and useless, because there is no need to go to other parts of the province, "We will continue to implement strict control measures on the passage from Han to Hubei, and ensure the services of those stranded in Hubei. " This sentence makes me continue to have heart attacks. I welcome people from other parts of the country to return to Han. Don't think about going out for a while, cTRIP also can not brush out ticket high-speed rail tickets, all without tickets to be filled (delayed to March 20, Wuhan completely sealed two months, too trance, no real feeling) .

I was interviewed by a newspaper before. I was asking about life after the closure of the city. I received information from the reporters yesterday. They wanted to do a report on the psychological condition of Wuhan residents during the closure of the city. They had a few questions to ask me. I saw the news at first, but did not reply for a long time, wait until the next day I told her, you see I answered you after such a long time, the psychological state of it is obvious. Friends recommend counseling and counseling on the phone, sometimes not get through, sometimes feel that the other side is just as a listener, quietly listen to me, although the phone is not off, I feel I am just talking to myself, once or twice still effective, let it out. Right now, I'm too lazy to call the hotline, so I might as well be talking to the wall. My friend asked me if I could shout at the window. I said No. If I did, my neighbor might report me as a mental patient. After I got back to Xi'an, my parents and I would be together. What if they were being scrutinized by their neighbors every day.

After the box horse recovered its capacity, our family finally escaped from the Bitter Sea of cabbage and cabbage, and bought bamboo shoots and bean sprouts, and grabbed two boxes of strawberries. It is not easy to eat strawberries now. The take-away food in the online fruit shop is often shoddy, the group buys eight CATTIES TO START SELLING. Today, I was lucky to receive a 10-yuan gift from the government. There was a head of cauliflower, a ring of winter melon, a bag of green peppers and many, many new potatoes. The vegetables looked fresh. The potatoes were not bruised or bruised, but there was a moment of bewilderment when so many potatoes suddenly appeared, my family seldom eats potatoes, and I seldom study potato cooking. I would like to try potato cakes and baked potatoes some time.

The pictures of garbage trucks delivering meat circulating on the Internet have not been found in our community for the time being. All of them are the owners applying for a pass and driving to the supermarket to pull back to the community. However, I have seen several scenes of the property pushing a cement tricycle to deliver food to the door, the tricycle looked dirty, it was not clear whether it had been disposed of. Vegetables were directly piled in the cart. The newspaper was not even spread out. It felt quite unsanitary. I also complained to my parents at that time that our property was not reliable, throwing things out of your mouth.

In addition to regularly going to the supermarket to buy heart-warming vegetables and meat, the community is still organizing group purchases. Once a week, the dishes are still the same, Cabbage Moss, green peppers, beans, carrots, and so on. Recently, fresh leeks have been added, but often they are three to five catties, and the portions are too large, to give merchants suggestions for small amounts of variety, one or two catties is enough. Ordinary people buy more than ten catties and can not really eat them all up. Merchants do not accept retail sales, picking and sorting are too busy to come. If they must distribute small packages, the price will have to be 5-10 yuan more, Eh, residents continue to "wholesale vegetables, " I see our fruit group has also become "fruit wholesale price, " more than 10 pounds of Baba Mandarin, boxes of apples and pears, our family do not like to eat fruit, sent home a box of Aksu candy apples years ago, put a few left over to eat now, the winter when eating crisp and sweet, now soft, like put into the refrigerator frozen and defrosted fruit, taste a lot worse.

Every time I see the family has a long time not to eat, put bad, not fresh, frozen food for half a year, always want to clear out to throw away, put home occupied space. If my parents find out, they put the food back where they found it, said I do not eat them to eat, throw away how wasteful, and then put it for a long time did not eat. It seems that the older generation is very thrifty and reluctant to throw things away. Our family salted a lot of preserved fish years ago and steamed a big bowl. They ate it slowly. They only ate one or two pieces of fish every day. The fish was heated repeatedly and the more salted, the more salty I felt it was neither nutritious nor healthy to eat too much preserved food, i tried to take a few pieces down to feed the cat secretly every day, until it was clear that the bowl was more than half empty. My father finally couldn't hold back. "I mean, how did the fish eat so fast? It turns out the cat ate them all. They only need ham intestines to eat. Don't feed the cat with the fish. " I said I picked all the scraps, what fish tail, fish head these parts, do not hinder you to eat fish.

On second thought, I think my desire to throw things stems from "seeing upset" , such as opening the refrigerator every day to see the leftovers put for three or four days, a bowl of soup repeatedly mixed with water to heat, a year or two to eat more hot sauce, from their point of view, though, the habit of hoarding stems from "frugality, " spending money anyway, throwing it away is wasteful, and it's OK to reheat it before eating it, not so much as vomit and diarrhea, so we acquiesced in non-interference, and I pretended I couldn't see anything.

I was very early in the micro-blog to complain, after the city was closed, I didn't dare to quarrel with my parents casually, there was no place to go, in case the quarrel was very fierce, I could still run to the street to cool off, find a drink shop to sit until the evening and then go home, now the community can not go out, if we get to the point where we're not speaking to each other, it's GonNa be a massive embarrassing cancer outbreak. Now I am spending more and more time at home. It is really a matter of strong will to keep my mouth shut, to avoid useless arguments and conflicts, to avoid sensitive topics and to talk about gossip. There is no such thing as quiet time, but to shut each other up. Keeping silent is also hoping that I can control my self-love, see my relationship with others clearly, and want to change a person, unless he has the will to change, is willing to accept the changed state, the other person's lips can not be torn to achieve the goal, if I keep trying to "reform others" by imposing my own will on my parents or others around me, it only adds to each other's troubles.

Home downstairs do a frog hot pot restaurant, just opened in the second half of last year, cold business is good, but also willing to promote concessions, a few times home can see a few table inside. Yesterday, I was talking with my mother. The end of the epidemic means that the restaurant will be closed down and sold. Now, no Wuhan Person Dares to eat bullfrogs. Although bullfrogs are all raised in captivity, once bitten by snakes, everyone is a little scared, right. Think of it this way, the most stable neighborhood is Lanzhou Ramen restaurant, opened for several years have not transferred, the shop next to the farm, Tujia cuisine, home-cooked dishes, and now into a closed bullfrog hot pot, do not know what the next taste.

At home, no clothes to wear, borrow my mother's house pants, change to sit in the study, the dog in my leg around, keep the smell, get up to pour water also closely follow me, always watching my every move. Maybe the smell of my mom on my pants, popping up in my lap, it's not scientific. Used to complain that the dog nose is not working, sometimes eat a little food, the dog smell everywhere, is not to find where the food, but I pick up the fast. After a few laps between my mom and me, maybe I finally figured out why they both smell the same, and now they don't.

The first part of the diary just mentioned the dilemma of school closure and distance learning. Today, I happened to read a report by fenghuang.com finance and Economics entitled "students preparing for the Wuhan University entrance examination: Born in SARS, taking the exam in the new crown" . The reporter interviewed senior three students of No. 1 Middle School in Wuhan, they use Qq phone class, than live broadcast stability, a few paragraphs read quite uncomfortable, high-pressure final months of the sprint phase, suddenly interrupted by the epidemic:

"after a day of online class, my eyes are pretty tired. I have a printer at home, and I try to type it all out. Some of my classmates don't have a printer, so it's hard to study on a mobile phone. The mobile phone screen is very small, the test paper formula is very long... although the college entrance examination has not been postponed, in fact, this year it has had quite a big impact on us, many independent admissions have been cancelled, this kind of bonus points have been removed, that is, with the strength of the hard examination, we are all very flustered... the impact of the current epidemic, in addition to the students taking the college entrance examination, also has an impact on students preparing to go abroad. Some for toefl and ielts have been cancelled."

Students said, "No printer, with a mobile phone to see the problem, the formula is very long. " I can imagine facing the palm-sized screen, dragging pictures around, looking closely at the screen of the formula. The formulas of physics, Chemistry and mathematics are really many and complicated, the online exam is not only a test of students'eyesight, but also a torment to the teachers who grade the papers. In the past, the calculation and proof questions were written in long strings, for fear that the teachers would say that they would not strictly deduct the marks. The teachers saw the photos sent by the students, with all these numbers, I'm afraid it's only gonNA get worse.

The reporter also interviewed the parents of the students, during the outbreak insisted on first-line duty, home grandparents are responsible for cooking:

"It's 7:30, you get up, you don't have to go out, you're in your pajamas, you're in Internet class, and you're getting at least an extra hour of sleep in the morning. Still very rare, in the morning we do not have to send children to school, this feeling is still good... some of their classmates are not Wuhan, is the outskirts of Hubei County, after the suspension of classes they went back to their hometown, Wuhan closed city, not back. Some went to the field, was isolated, in the isolation point of the class exam... I see their classmates upload answer sheet, is really a wide variety of, some or hotel paper. We have a printer at home and we can print them out. Some of US don't have a printer at home, so we just draw [ the grid ] by hand. That's the first time I've ever seen a senior in high school."

Finally, the reporter interviewed an ordinary senior high school teacher in Xiaogan, the teachers are also "push the duck on the shelf" , temporary learning online teaching, marking papers:

"It's a special time, we have to O our students' enthusiasm... I'm old, I have bad eyesight and sometimes I can't see clearly in the pictures taken by my mobile phone, but what we think of each student is an effort to solve it. "

Teachers can do very limited, home study without the school atmosphere of collective class, the basic students rely on self-consciousness, the teacher can not stare, parents can not 24 hours to move a bench sitting next to. Students, parents, teachers are anxious, hope the outbreak of an early end, students back to school, adjusted to take the college entrance examination.

The reporter at the end of the feeling, in the interview frequently heard "do not give yourself back" , "no matter when the test, your competitors are a group of people studying hard for more than 10 years. ". Ah, special period, very prepared for the exam, 12 years of study time compressed into the college entrance examination of 2 days, this year's high school students in Hubei pressure is really big, "born in SARS, test in the new crown, " the most timely one ya.

Also saw in the community is online class students, see age should be reading high school, he lives on the first floor, good weather will open the curtains for air. I went to the side door to pick up the package and saw the student sitting on his bedroom window, wearing his school uniform, facing his computer, wearing headphones, with a thick stack of textbooks at his side, writing his notes as fast as he could, looking so intent that I didn't want to interrupt his class and just glanced over. Later, I saw this classmate, the textbooks more and more high, before also carefully comb hair, recently saw the hair like chicken nest, maybe it is long, no time to property haircuts, maybe it is too much pressure, scratching his head all day sigh, the hair was caught disorderly.

It was raining this morning, and I didn't see the cats, and now it's sunny and it's light. Opened a bottle of beer, stood in front of the study window Mengxi a few breaths, the original has passed 50 days.

Tomorrow, the second season of Kingdom will go live on Netflix, hand wringing and other updates, and remember that the first season was also released on Friday, and then stayed up all weekend to Binge Watch it, and then went on a wild rampage with Amway. BAE DOONA's medical girl was marginal in the first season, and there's nothing special about her. In the second season, she's supposed to be opening up a copy of the cure, with the man in charge of the front line fighting the zombies and the woman in charge of the rear guard.

I had recommended the Japanese drama boat of Theseus, and now I take it back. The writers seem to have forced the audience into a 10 episode series, as if the audience were retarded. The main character's family is played by schoolchildren, and the main character travels through the past and knows what will happen in the future, bag also with the news clip book, for fear that he forgot the details, the result of such a powerful plug-in was picked up by the primary school students, and the cat teases the mouse-like crush hero, see my heart depressed, angry hammer bed.

Instead, another don't know what is going well, with Yuriko Yoshitaka's hairstyle and trench coat all coveted and Oishi guaranteed, "The woman who sells the house" , "the Little Bean" and "the big love" are all his works in recent years. In the play, hamoto-woo looks at Yue-su more and more, the image is mature and introverted, the work is earnest, the life is gentle and careful, "Why didn't I notice at that time, why did I abandon this person after all" , AH! I am the heroine also want to ask myself this question! Fortunately, the two quickly get back together, all the way sugar, from the beginning of the masochistic drama never to return. In reality, Hakemoto's wife is Sakura Andō, for a moment did not know whether to envy her husband or wife. Every time I say that I love the appearance of thick eyebrows big eyes, in fact, a few of the true love are single-eyelid small eyes, handle this you face the camera when I almost drowned it.

One of the upcoming spring shows caught my eye -- The way of the Dragon: The two-faced avengers, Hiroshi Tamaki and Takahashi's life as the two leading men, dubbed the "uncle's unbreakable twin dragons. " , brother Hiroshi Tamaki was a gangster, brother Ryūji (Takahashi life) is the elite land and resources provincial officials, the two revenge. The trailer shows Hiroshi Tamaki in a white shirt, vaguely aware of his predecessor, Chiaki, and, alas, genuinely suggesting that he work part time with a radio play, which sounds great.

The Human Resources of the project company asked me when I could go back, and I don't know the exact time, saying that I should be able to go back to Xi'an in April. At present, there is no news that cross-provincial mobility is allowed. The human resources asked me to wait patiently for official notification. Although Xi'an has been completely opened up, still require outsiders to fill out travel information, there are people tracking health, non-hubei are so strict, I head "Wuhan People" three words, it is best not to run around.

Our Xinjiang project is quite direct and brutal, can not find people to work, shoulder the pressure of the construction period, direct charter flights, take hundreds of workers stranded in Sichuan back to work. Colleagues who returned to Xinjiang to accept quarantine also said that the policy was relaxed. As soon as he got off the plane, he was taken by a big bus to a small town around Urumqi for observation. He was not allowed to go out. Three meals were delivered to the door. The food was very poor and he was seriously short of protein, colleagues who return these days can go directly into the community, although also accept quarantine, living conditions are much better than the hotel. I was chatting with my colleagues in Xinjiang. My brain was shut off at home. I was in urgent need of a job transfer. I asked for a chartered plane to take me away. I was willing to go to the Urumqi project to bundle up the steel bars. It just so happened that the small white apricot was also coming on the market soon. There was no need to wait for the express delivery, i eat fresh fruit directly over there, colleagues sternly refused me, I do not want to hope for personal gain, peace of mind at home against the plague, express resumed to send me apricots and honeydew. The project was about to be completed, and we were invited to Xinjiang for the event, but it turned out to be a series of question marks. People from all over the country were wary of large-scale events, and were afraid that they would be delayed until next spring.

In private, I asked around, the headquarters had already arranged to resume work, before the conference was held, the Wuhan area was really safe and secure sitting in the conference room with a video connection. I was extremely envious. I said, could I get a job certificate? If the headquarters is short of people, i could jump right in and help, and my colleagues at headquarters said that everyone remained at home except the boss, who had no problems getting around. I said, how can I get involved in the category of "the national economy and the People's livelihood" ? Can I not apply for returning to work and returning to production as soon as possible? My colleague said that because the headquarters is too far away, many people don't have cars at home, so they can't ride to and from work for a few hours at a time. If they go, they don't have meals. The dining hall is closed, and leaders generally drive, it doesn't matter.

Seeing the latest announcement from the provincial epidemic prevention headquarters, relaxing the restrictions on the movement of people in the province, the health code in my alipay is green and useless, because there is no need to go to other parts of the province, "We will continue to implement strict control measures on the passage from Han to Hubei, and ensure the services of those stranded in Hubei. " This sentence makes me continue to have heart attacks. I welcome people from other parts of the country to return to Han. Don't think about going out for a while, cTRIP also can not brush out ticket high-speed rail tickets, all without tickets to be filled (delayed to March 20, Wuhan completely sealed two months, too trance, no real feeling) .

I was interviewed by a newspaper before. I was asking about life after the closure of the city. I received information from the reporters yesterday. They wanted to do a report on the psychological condition of Wuhan residents during the closure of the city. They had a few questions to ask me. I saw the news at first, but did not reply for a long time, wait until the next day I told her, you see I answered you after such a long time, the psychological state of it is obvious. Friends recommend counseling and counseling on the phone, sometimes not get through, sometimes feel that the other side is just as a listener, quietly listen to me, although the phone is not off, I feel I am just talking to myself, once or twice still effective, let it out. Right now, I'm too lazy to call the hotline, so I might as well be talking to the wall. My friend asked me if I could shout at the window. I said No. If I did, my neighbor might report me as a mental patient. After I got back to Xi'an, my parents and I would be together. What if they were being scrutinized by their neighbors every day.

After the box horse recovered its capacity, our family finally escaped from the Bitter Sea of cabbage and cabbage, and bought bamboo shoots and bean sprouts, and grabbed two boxes of strawberries. It is not easy to eat strawberries now. The take-away food in the online fruit shop is often shoddy, the group buys eight CATTIES TO START SELLING. Today, I was lucky to receive a 10-yuan gift from the government. There was a head of cauliflower, a ring of winter melon, a bag of green peppers and many, many new potatoes. The vegetables looked fresh. The potatoes were not bruised or bruised, but there was a moment of bewilderment when so many potatoes suddenly appeared, my family seldom eats potatoes, and I seldom study potato cooking. I would like to try potato cakes and baked potatoes some time.

The pictures of garbage trucks delivering meat circulating on the Internet have not been found in our community for the time being. All of them are the owners applying for a pass and driving to the supermarket to pull back to the community. However, I have seen several scenes of the property pushing a cement tricycle to deliver food to the door, the tricycle looked dirty, it was not clear whether it had been disposed of. Vegetables were directly piled in the cart. The newspaper was not even spread out. It felt quite unsanitary. I also complained to my parents at that time that our property was not reliable, throwing things out of your mouth.

In addition to regularly going to the supermarket to buy heart-warming vegetables and meat, the community is still organizing group purchases. Once a week, the dishes are still the same, Cabbage Moss, green peppers, beans, carrots, and so on. Recently, fresh leeks have been added, but often they are three to five catties, and the portions are too large, to give merchants suggestions for small amounts of variety, one or two catties is enough. Ordinary people buy more than ten catties and can not really eat them all up. Merchants do not accept retail sales, picking and sorting are too busy to come. If they must distribute small packages, the price will have to be 5-10 yuan more, Eh, residents continue to "wholesale vegetables, " I see our fruit group has also become "fruit wholesale price, " more than 10 pounds of Baba Mandarin, boxes of apples and pears, our family do not like to eat fruit, sent home a box of Aksu candy apples years ago, put a few left over to eat now, the winter when eating crisp and sweet, now soft, like put into the refrigerator frozen and defrosted fruit, taste a lot worse.

Every time I see the family has a long time not to eat, put bad, not fresh, frozen food for half a year, always want to clear out to throw away, put home occupied space. If my parents find out, they put the food back where they found it, said I do not eat them to eat, throw away how wasteful, and then put it for a long time did not eat. It seems that the older generation is very thrifty and reluctant to throw things away. Our family salted a lot of preserved fish years ago and steamed a big bowl. They ate it slowly. They only ate one or two pieces of fish every day. The fish was heated repeatedly and the more salted, the more salty I felt it was neither nutritious nor healthy to eat too much preserved food, i tried to take a few pieces down to feed the cat secretly every day, until it was clear that the bowl was more than half empty. My father finally couldn't hold back. "I mean, how did the fish eat so fast? It turns out the cat ate them all. They only need ham intestines to eat. Don't feed the cat with the fish. " I said I picked all the scraps, what fish tail, fish head these parts, do not hinder you to eat fish.

On second thought, I think my desire to throw things stems from "seeing upset" , such as opening the refrigerator every day to see the leftovers put for three or four days, a bowl of soup repeatedly mixed with water to heat, a year or two to eat more hot sauce, from their point of view, though, the habit of hoarding stems from "frugality, " spending money anyway, throwing it away is wasteful, and it's OK to reheat it before eating it, not so much as vomit and diarrhea, so we acquiesced in non-interference, and I pretended I couldn't see anything.

I was very early in the micro-blog to complain, after the city was closed, I didn't dare to quarrel with my parents casually, there was no place to go, in case the quarrel was very fierce, I could still run to the street to cool off, find a drink shop to sit until the evening and then go home, now the community can not go out, if we get to the point where we're not speaking to each other, it's GonNa be a massive embarrassing cancer outbreak. Now I am spending more and more time at home. It is really a matter of strong will to keep my mouth shut, to avoid useless arguments and conflicts, to avoid sensitive topics and to talk about gossip. There is no such thing as quiet time, but to shut each other up. Keeping silent is also hoping that I can control my self-love, see my relationship with others clearly, and want to change a person, unless he has the will to change, is willing to accept the changed state, the other person's lips can not be torn to achieve the goal, if I keep trying to "reform others" by imposing my own will on my parents or others around me, it only adds to each other's troubles.

Home downstairs do a frog hot pot restaurant, just opened in the second half of last year, cold business is good, but also willing to promote concessions, a few times home can see a few table inside. Yesterday, I was talking with my mother. The end of the epidemic means that the restaurant will be closed down and sold. Now, no Wuhan Person Dares to eat bullfrogs. Although bullfrogs are all raised in captivity, once bitten by snakes, everyone is a little scared, right. Think of it this way, the most stable neighborhood is Lanzhou Ramen restaurant, opened for several years have not transferred, the shop next to the farm, Tujia cuisine, home-cooked dishes, and now into a closed bullfrog hot pot, do not know what the next taste.

At home, no clothes to wear, borrow my mother's house pants, change to sit in the study, the dog in my leg around, keep the smell, get up to pour water also closely follow me, always watching my every move. Maybe the smell of my mom on my pants, popping up in my lap, it's not scientific. Used to complain that the dog nose is not working, sometimes eat a little food, the dog smell everywhere, is not to find where the food, but I pick up the fast. After a few laps between my mom and me, maybe I finally figured out why they both smell the same, and now they don't.

The first part of the diary just mentioned the dilemma of school closure and distance learning. Today, I happened to read a report by fenghuang.com finance and Economics entitled "students preparing for the Wuhan University entrance examination: Born in SARS, taking the exam in the new crown" . The reporter interviewed senior three students of No. 1 Middle School in Wuhan, they use Qq phone class, than live broadcast stability, a few paragraphs read quite uncomfortable, high-pressure final months of the sprint phase, suddenly interrupted by the epidemic:

"after a day of online class, my eyes are pretty tired. I have a printer at home, and I try to type it all out. Some of my classmates don't have a printer, so it's hard to study on a mobile phone. The mobile phone screen is very small, the test paper formula is very long... although the college entrance examination has not been postponed, in fact, this year it has had quite a big impact on us, many independent admissions have been cancelled, this kind of bonus points have been removed, that is, with the strength of the hard examination, we are all very flustered... the impact of the current epidemic, in addition to the students taking the college entrance examination, also has an impact on students preparing to go abroad. Some for toefl and ielts have been cancelled."

Students said, "No printer, with a mobile phone to see the problem, the formula is very long. " I can imagine facing the palm-sized screen, dragging pictures around, looking closely at the screen of the formula. The formulas of physics, Chemistry and mathematics are really many and complicated, the online exam is not only a test of students'eyesight, but also a torment to the teachers who grade the papers. In the past, the calculation and proof questions were written in long strings, for fear that the teachers would say that they would not strictly deduct the marks. The teachers saw the photos sent by the students, with all these numbers, I'm afraid it's only gonNA get worse.

The reporter also interviewed the parents of the students, during the outbreak insisted on first-line duty, home grandparents are responsible for cooking:

"It's 7:30, you get up, you don't have to go out, you're in your pajamas, you're in Internet class, and you're getting at least an extra hour of sleep in the morning. Still very rare, in the morning we do not have to send children to school, this feeling is still good... some of their classmates are not Wuhan, is the outskirts of Hubei County, after the suspension of classes they went back to their hometown, Wuhan closed city, not back. Some went to the field, was isolated, in the isolation point of the class exam... I see their classmates upload answer sheet, is really a wide variety of, some or hotel paper. We have a printer at home and we can print them out. Some of US don't have a printer at home, so we just draw [ the grid ] by hand. That's the first time I've ever seen a senior in high school."

Finally, the reporter interviewed an ordinary senior high school teacher in Xiaogan, the teachers are also "push the duck on the shelf" , temporary learning online teaching, marking papers:

"It's a special time, we have to O our students' enthusiasm... I'm old, I have bad eyesight and sometimes I can't see clearly in the pictures taken by my mobile phone, but what we think of each student is an effort to solve it. "

Teachers can do very limited, home study without the school atmosphere of collective class, the basic students rely on self-consciousness, the teacher can not stare, parents can not 24 hours to move a bench sitting next to. Students, parents, teachers are anxious, hope the outbreak of an early end, students back to school, adjusted to take the college entrance examination.

The reporter at the end of the feeling, in the interview frequently heard "do not give yourself back" , "no matter when the test, your competitors are a group of people studying hard for more than 10 years. ". Ah, special period, very prepared for the exam, 12 years of study time compressed into the college entrance examination of 2 days, this year's high school students in Hubei pressure is really big, "born in SARS, test in the new crown, " the most timely one ya.

Also saw in the community is online class students, see age should be reading high school, he lives on the first floor, good weather will open the curtains for air. I went to the side door to pick up the package and saw the student sitting on his bedroom window, wearing his school uniform, facing his computer, wearing headphones, with a thick stack of textbooks at his side, writing his notes as fast as he could, looking so intent that I didn't want to interrupt his class and just glanced over. Later, I saw this classmate, the textbooks more and more high, before also carefully comb hair, recently saw the hair like chicken nest, maybe it is long, no time to property haircuts, maybe it is too much pressure, scratching his head all day sigh, the hair was caught disorderly.

It was raining this morning, and I didn't see the cats, and now it's sunny and it's light. Opened a bottle of beer, stood in front of the study window Mengxi a few breaths, the original has passed 50 days.

Go to "discover"-"take a look" browse "friends watching"

Sent

####Send it to take a look

Sending

A scan of wechat
Pay attention to the account


-------------
title: Diary of the epidemic | 50th day of the siege of Wuhan
source: PlantifulSoul
authors: _
editors: _
proofreader: _
photographer: _
translator: _
via: https://github.com/2019ncovmemory/nCovMemory
link: https://mp.weixin.qq.com/s/MGmFS9FkClDtIPKVhDHxow
archive: http://archive.ph/4hltX
snapshot: https://github.com/2019ncovmemory/nCovMemory/blob/master/archive/jpg/3351.jpg
lead: It keeps coming back.
cover: data:image/jpeg;base64,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
