##SAMPLE: The unattainable worker and the unattainable order | in depth report

MICRO-SIGNAL BQSHENYIDU

Beijing Youth Daily reports from the official public number

Reporter / Han Qian intern reporter / Lin Yiqiao, Chen Weijing

Editor Ji Wei, Song Jianhua

The distance between work stations in the workshop of double-pipe production was increased from one meter to two meters

With the decline of the number of newly diagnosed cases of pneumonia in China, the policies of the provinces and cities began to tilt from epidemic prevention and control to the resumption of production. As a small commodity distribution center in the world, the huge demand for Labor made Yiwu become one of the first cities in China to join the "PEOPLE-SNATCHING WAR" .

In response to the "people-snatching war" , the Yiwu government allocated 300 million yuan to send 44 working groups abroad to pick up more than 110,000 employees through chartered planes, chartered high-speed trains and chartered buses. At the same time, it also announced the self-righteous people to implement a maximum of full travel subsidies, the first-time employees in Yiwu 1,000 yuan per person subsidies and other incentives.

Data from Yiwu Economic and Information Bureau showed that as of March 10, nearly 240,000 people had returned to work in industrial enterprises in the city, with a return rate of 93.3% and a return rate of 98.4% . In a deep interview, some enterprise officials said that with the staff continue to return to work, production capacity gradually reached pre-epidemic levels.

At the same time, the new problems of Yiwu in the process of resuming construction are coming to the surface —————————————————————————————————————————————————————————————————————————————————————————————————— --.

Huang Zhiyu, a party committee member in charge of industrial production in Yiting town of Yiwu City, said that the impact on enterprises still depends on when the domestic epidemic will end and how the epidemic is prevented and controlled abroad, "especially Yiwu's foreign trade enterprises account for a large proportion, if the foreign import and export began to control, then the impact will be fatal. ".

"The impact of the epidemic on businesses is just beginning. It's like when it snows it's not the coldest, but when it melts it's the most deadly, " said a Yiwu small and micro business owner.

During the outbreak, each table in the staff dining room was separated by plastic wrap

Preparation for resumption of work

At the beginning of the New Year, Yiwu Yiting Town Party Committee member Huang Zhiyu began to enter the emergency work state. He is in charge of the town's industrial production, the area of Yiting town industrial park has more than 600 enterprises. On January 23, the same day that Wuhan announced the temporary closure of the Lihan corridor, Zhejiang took the lead in initiating a first-level response to major public health emergencies. Huang Zhiyu needs to find out the number of employees stationed in the park during the Spring Festival holiday, distribute epidemic prevention information, stress the requirement of wearing masks and prohibiting gatherings.

At that time, Lou Zhongping, the chairman of Yiwu Shuangtong Daily Necessities Co. , Ltd (hereinafter referred to as "Shuangtong Straw") , was on holiday in Sanya. Aware of the possible impact of the epidemic on the company's resumption of work after years, he decided to return to Yiwu ahead of schedule, the original January 12 return ticket to the third day of the first month.

On January 28, the day after his return to Yiwu, Lou Zhongping gathered more than 30 factory employees and distributed masks and other protective equipment to them, stressing the discipline of the factory during the epidemic.

On the same day, the town's Economic Development Service Center, headed by Huang Zhiyu, began investigating the current difficulties in responding to the outbreak with businesses in the area under its jurisdiction. The shortage of epidemic prevention materials, such as face masks, forehead temperature guns and disinfection water, has become the most urgent problem.

"statistically, there are more than 280,000 masks missing. I thought they were broken at that time. This will definitely be a big problem. " From this day on, Huang Zhiyu mobilized his staff of more than 10 to raise epidemic prevention supplies for the enterprise, relatives and friends were also all "use" up, Huang Zhiyu described his state at the time, "ask Grandpa told grandma, a hear where there is a mask immediately pounced on. ". As the "hard currency" during an outbreak, masks are usually sold only after full payment is made. Most of the masks purchased by Huang Zhiyu, "contact the seller, and no longer have time and park enterprises docking, if we do not settle down within hours, there will be sold to others immediately. ".

Seven or eight days later, when there was still a big gap in masks across the country, Huang Zhiyu bought 300,000 ordinary medical masks one after another from Yiwu, Jiangxi and Henan at an average price of about 1.6 yuan.

At the same time, the park production mask raw materials non-woven fabric and protective masks of two health and epidemic prevention enterprises on February 4 ahead of schedule. The problem of difficulty in employment began to emerge -- as if only three or four employees were on duty, most of whom could not return to their jobs due to the disruption of public transportation and the strict prevention and control measures at home. Huang has been busy coordinating with the local government.

Earlier, on January 29, as the only manufacturer of warm guns in Jinhua, Yiwu Bailing Medical Equipment Co. , Ltd. (hereinafter referred to as "lark medical") was included in the Yiwu epidemic prevention and Control Headquarters to control the production of materials. Since then, the Spring Festival holiday has been involved in the epidemic prevention and control of Yiwu Municipal Bureau of Human and Social Welfare Employment Promotion Section Chief Cai bin's work will begin to shift the focus on the resumption of production enterprises.

At lark, only two employees were allowed to work, and it took 10 workers to restart a production line. In order to resume production as soon as possible, Cai bin contacted the city technicians association to organize 11 technicians to transform the production process to improve production efficiency: the original work required 4 solders to complete 6 to 8 days, after the improvement 2 solders can be completed in a day and a half. Since then, also organized the Institute of Electrical and Mechanical Engineers Electrical Engineering Department of 11 teachers and students to the enterprise first-line post internship, put into production.

On February 3, Zhejiang issued 17 regulations on the resumption of work in enterprises and the prevention and control of epidemic situations. That afternoon, the Yiwu municipal government convened more than 10 enterprises held a small private meeting to encourage enterprises to return to work declaration work. Since then, the government to participate in the resumption of work to review the situation, and finally approved the first batch of six enterprises, including double child Straw on February 10 to resume work.

Starting from the 3rd, Double Children Straw for the resumption of work preparation. A temporary epidemic prevention headquarters has been set up in the factory. Five epidemic prevention teams including 20 staff members have been designed by ourselves, including a crowd control group for information registration and body temperature recording At that time, the workers whose body temperature was over 37.3 °c were isolated in the dormitory of the factory. In addition, there are environmental destruction group, publicity and education group, Material Preparation Group. During the outbreak, employees are prohibited from entering or leaving the factory area, and daily necessities are uniformly purchased by a special person.

Five days later, Shuangtong pipette factory in the epidemic prevention work ready, but Lou Zhongping into a greater anxiety, "staff delayed return. ". To the start of the day, can participate in the first-line production of employees only 70 or 80, less than a quarter of normal.

Yiwu special bus to pick up rework workers in Zhoukou Chuanhui district

"snatch-and-grab" Task Force

As provinces and cities gradually promote the resumption of production, first-line production workers have become everyone's "grab" object.

Yiwu's prevention and Control Command Order No. 16, issued on February 12, states in its first article that friends from all over the world are welcome to set up and work in Yiwu, and free accommodation for 3 days is provided for first-time job seekers and entrepreneurs in Yiwu; The Yiwu Bureau of Human Society issued a notice on Wednesday on how to ensure that companies return to work, pointing out the need to increase online recruitment efforts.

However, even with the preferential policy, due to public transport disruption, staff are still unable to return smoothly. On the 16th, the Yiwu municipal government again issued the Enterprise Employment Guarantee Opinion, by the Government Full Subsidy Enterprise Charter transport employees, to return to the employees subsidies. In the afternoon, Cai bin and two other colleagues drove to Zhoukou, Henan, to coordinate with the local government on the workers'return to work.

It didn't go well at first. As the requirements of epidemic prevention measures vary from place to place, Cai bin had colleagues entering Shangqiu Yong City was asked to be isolated for 14 days. Epidemic period can not find a restaurant, Cai bin lunch more to instant noodles solution, Cai bin Laugh, then bean curd, pickled mustard tuber are delicious.

In addition, the pre-migrant workers are still more cumbersome procedures. Cai Bin, the beginning of the work, Henan migrant workers to ask for "three signatures" , that is, village signature, village doctor signature, township signature. Lou Zhongping told deep once reporters that employees need to apply for health certificates before traveling, to stamp three or four official seals in the town, "a department to a department to sign, this is not easy for the grass-roots staff. ".

With the docking of the two provinces, the efficiency of out-of-town workers'documents processing is gradually improved. On February 28, Henan and Zhejiang signed a cooperation agreement on mutual recognition of "health code" . Personnel holding the "health code" of the other province may use the "health code" rules of their province to light the code or implement relevant control measures.

In the first two days of Cai's arrival in Zhoukou, 12 buses were dispatched around Yiwu to pick up the veteran workers counted by previous companies. Starting from February 21, a special bus from Henan to Yiwu was opened. Initially, four or five buses transported workers to Yiwu every day. Starting from the 24th, the number of daily bus departure is stable at 13.

It is nearly 900 km from Zhoukou to Yiwu and takes about 15 hours by bus. Cai Bin calculates that the cost of a bus charter is 10,000 yuan, and the occupancy rate is about 50% when the bus departs. Usually there are about 25 people, and the per capita cost is about 400 yuan. So far, Cai is in charge of the Shangqiu Group, which transports more than 5,000 employees.

Cai Bin and his colleagues acted as intermediaries between the company and its employees. Every day, they need and close to 100 enterprises docking, while understanding the needs of enterprises, while communicating with employees, determine travel time. Making two hundred phone calls a day has become the norm. On Feb. 29, Cai and another colleague's mobile phone number was shut down by the operator for making too many calls that the operator deemed to be harassing.

Some workers were unable to reach the assembly point from their homes because public transport between villages and towns in some provinces had not yet resumed. By February 25, more than 200 employees had not returned to work, and Shuangtong dispatched two senior executives to Hanzhong and Zhoukou to clear the last leg of the road from their homes to the assembly and pick-up point.

On the day of arrival, Chen Xuesen, the manager of the Double Straw Quality Control Department assigned to Luyi County, Zhoukou, picked up 12 employees. Six people travelling from Luoyang to Luyi County pay 2,400 yuan to pick them up in two private cars. On a weekday, a single bus ride from Luoyang to Luyi County costs as little as 60 yuan. Chen said companies had struggled with whether the cost of hiring workers was too high, but "the workers couldn't afford the car themselves, so they waited until public transport wasn't running, but the companies couldn't wait. ".

With the return of the old staff, Cai bin also began to help enterprises "pull the strings" to open up channels for recruitment. On March 3, Cai bin reached a trilateral cooperation agreement with a technical college in Zhoukou, which will promote the college students'internship and employment in local enterprises in Yiwu.

"these days, the recruitment information of Shuangtong is disseminated through communication groups established by local government departments in various counties and districts in Hanzhong, " Mao Bin, a staff member assigned to Hanzhong, Shaanxi, told a reporter at one time, local television stations broadcast job postings on a loop, and the public number of government offices helps spread the word. Hanzhong has so far recruited 14 new staff for Double Straw.

As of March 7, according to the data provided by the Working Group of Yiwu Special Work Group, Yiwu has sent 44 working groups in four batches, 131 government workers, four chartered flights, 24 trains and 2,476 buses, more than 110,000 employees, old and new, were returned.

At the Yiting Industrial Park where Huang is based, more than 10,000 workers have returned to work, some 2,000 of whom were picked up by government charters. Because some local communities are closed to outsiders, and new employees have not yet found accommodation, Yiting town commandeered three hotels, more than 300 beds, for staff in need of free accommodation. In Yiwu, there are 40,000 such beds available.

Yiwu Yiting town "start immediately" resumption of work and production service center

The predicament and self-help of small and micro enterprises

Speaking of employment problems, Yiwu Yiting Town Zhiheng clothing company general manager of the beginning of winter is still worried. Started nearly half a month, his factory only more than 20 people, there is still nearly a quarter of the Labor gap.

Ji explained that some workers'hometown is not near the station where the government sends a car to pick them up, and some workers are still worried about the change in the epidemic and plan to wait until the situation stabilizes before coming out.

The order of years ago is still not complete, the delivery date of the contract is about to arrive. Ji Dong said that some clients asked him to deliver the goods by air in time, "Sea freight is paid for by our customers, air freight is paid for by us, and the cost increases by at least 30 percent. If a shipment of one hundred thousand or one million goods is transported by air, we will get one hundred thousand, and we will lose money if we pay for it. ".

A luggage company in Yiwu, which normally has more than 50 production workers, has only about one-fifth of its employees on the job. Manager Yin Shaoshuai told deep once reporters, a batch of three years ago to deliver one million yuan orders are still pressed in hand, "customers every day in the rush, rush I can not deliver, no workers. ".

In order to fill the problem that some old employees can not get to their posts, double children straws and health care centers are adopted to save themselves by sharing employees in service industries that are not yet open for business. Lou Zhongping, the current staff has reached 50 to 60, and the number is still increasing. These workers are mainly engaged in the simple process of Straw packaging, "this kind of work can adapt to a day or two. We provide them with 20 yuan an hour wage, but also to help each other. ". In addition, the Women's Federation on Shuangtong's street also helped to raise more than 20 surplus rural labor to support the effort.

In the recruitment process in Hanzhong, Shuangtong Straw worker Mao bin found that even if Yiwu relaxed its restrictions on recruitment, it would require Yiwu to screen larger enterprises for the governments of the places where the workers were sent, "when they send people to Yiwu, they also have to ensure that the wages and benefits of these workers are guaranteed, and choosing medium and large-sized enterprises is the most direct way to screen them. ".

For the current recruitment of the human market, the beginning of the winter and Yin Shaoshuai said that the situation is not optimistic. No one has applied for jobs in the job market, which Yin has posted online since late February. He pointed out that the Spring Festival is considered the peak recruitment season, the past year will recruit a dozen or so new people, to interview a lot.

There are also concerns among business owners that a shortage of production workers will become the norm this year, "workers may think that when the epidemic is almost half a year away, there is no need to work this year. Just find a job near your home, " he said.

In addition, in some industries, raw material suppliers have not yet recovered. Lou Zhongping said that judging from the crisis caused by the epidemic to enterprises, the impact on Zhejiang is the biggest, "Zhejiang enterprises are the smallest, the most dispersed and the least compact in the industrial chain. A product is often made up of dozens or hundreds of products produced by different manufacturers. Even if a small accessory is missing, it can not produce a complete product. ".

Yin Shaoshuai's luggage factory will encounter the problem of insufficient capacity of upstream enterprises. The parts for making bags are miscellaneous and numerous, and need more than ten suppliers to provide the raw materials. Yin said that suppliers like leather and Oxford cloth are still largely out of service. "It's no use trying to rush them. They can only wait, and there is no fixed time. Their workers can't keep up, and production can't come out. " The luggage factory can only use the stock material at present.

At the same time, Huang Zhiyu found that the impact of orders shortage of small and micro enterprises in Yiting town industrial park has begun to appear.

Due to the greater uncertainty of orders for small and micro enterprises, in the overall context of the recession, orders have been significantly reduced than before, produced goods can not be sold, which has put a greater burden on the small and micro enterprises, which are not strong. At present, it is a win-win model to cooperate with large enterprises of the same type. Under the introduction of Huang Zhiyu, a small and micro stationery enterprise in the park, which had no orders, began to take over some of the production tasks of a large enterprise of the same type, "Large Enterprises Order too late to do, small and micro enterprises do not order, the two can complement each other. ".

A buyer at the gate of Yiwu International Trade City

"It's when the snow melts that's the worst. "

On February 18 at 9 am, Yiwu International Trade City opened three days earlier than originally planned. With a total business area of more than 4 million square meters, Yiwu International Trade City is one of the largest export bases for small commodities in China, with daily passenger traffic exceeding 200,000.

"very bleak" , in the city to do underwear business Chen Shuxiang described his home stall mouth to resume work more than half a month of business conditions. Ninety percent of the underwear produced by Chen Shuxiang's company is sold abroad and exported to America, Europe, the Middle East and other places. He said that in previous years, after the Spring Festival is the peak season of underwear sales, before a day can have a dozen orders of customers, but now the flow of people in Commerce City is not much, the basic three days to have a customer, online orders reduced by nearly 80% .

Online sales of cross-border e-commerce platforms have made up for some of Chen's losses. The number of customers ordering online has increased compared to the past, and some old customers continue to restock through channels such as Wechat. But Chen Shuxiang expresses, although order on-line is much, but amount is not high, basic is in a few thousand yuan to tens of thousands of yuan, and off-line customer a single reaches 300 thousand yuan or so. Overall, orders are down about 60 percent from last year.

Online communication, there are many foreign customers to Chen Shuxiang doubt, asked whether the product will carry the virus.

Since the announcement of the first imported case of new coronary pneumonia in Zhongwei, Ningxia on February 26, there have been 79 such cases in Beijing, Zhejiang and Guangdong. With the increasing number of imported cases of new coronary pneumonia, Beijing, Guangdong, Shanghai and other places have introduced policies requiring 14-day quarantine for people coming to China. Chen Shuxiang worries that with the epidemic continuing to spread overseas, there will be no more foreign orders in the near future.

"The impact of the epidemic on businesses is just beginning. It's like when it snows it's not the coldest, it's when it melts it's the deadliest, " a small business owner said in an interview. Similarly, Huang Zhiyu also believes that the majority of enterprises in the park only started a week or two, the basic orders confirmed years ago still available for production, although there is pressure, but has not yet formed a fatal impact on enterprises. In his view, it is not yet clear how much impact the epidemic will have on enterprises, "We still have to see when the domestic epidemic will end and how the prevention and control of the epidemic abroad. In particular, Yiwu has a large proportion of foreign trade enterprises. If foreign countries start to control import and export, the impact will be fatal. ".

In his second interview with the once-in-depth reporter on March 4, Lou Zhongping felt more pressure than a week ago. The shortage of orders and the increase in production costs have become two major problems facing enterprises.

Domestic orders for Shuangtong straws accounted for 40 percent of the total, said Lou, adding that milk tea, fast food restaurant and coffee shops were Shuangtong's main customers. Europe and Japan are the main overseas markets for double children, and European customers have largely stopped placing orders for double children straws due to their association with the Food Industry and safety risks. According to Lou Zhongping's statistics, the total volume of orders in February was less than 20 percent of the same period in previous years, "under normal circumstances, orders for a month would have to be at least 20 million yuan. However, only 2 million yuan was received in February. Since March, domestic orders have increased in a piecemeal manner, but they are still relatively slow. ".

With the basic staff in place, the enterprise capacity beyond the current order demand, double children also began some production inventory. Lou Zhongping calculated that the mode of production and inventory could last until the end of April at most, "If you don't get orders, you need ten million per cent of the money you need to maintain inventory, and if you don't gradually open up the chain, then you're not going to be able to produce sustainably. ".

The production cost of enterprises also increases with the increase of epidemic prevention and control cost and freight cost. Lou Zhongping said that the increase in production costs caused by the epidemic occurred in all aspects of the enterprise: Nearly 20 management personnel were transferred out of work to take charge of epidemic prevention; epidemic prevention materials such as face masks and disinfection water were purchased; and when the upstream supply chain was not resumed at the initial stage of the resumption of construction, raw material procurement costs are several times higher than usual. In addition, there is inventory inventory storage costs, as well as the distance from the work station caused by the decline in machine utilization of hidden costs increased. "At this point, it's out of our hands, and the epidemic is just beginning to affect us, " he said.

[ anti-infringement announcement ] this article was first published exclusively by Beijing Youth Daily in Tencent News, and can not be reproduced without authorization.

Three cases of pathological anatomy of the initial diagnosis was completed, the deceased had mucinous secretions | depth report

I don't want to be a hero. I just want to avoid despair. | in-depth report

Farewell to Dr. Li Wenliang: May Heaven be virus-free | in-depth report

Go to "discover"-"take a look" browse "friends watching"

Sent

####Send it to take a look

Sending

A scan of wechat
Pay attention to the account


-------------
title: SAMPLE: The unattainable worker and the unattainable order | in depth report
source: bei-qing-shen-yi-du
authors: _
editors: _
proofreader: _
photographer: _
translator: _
via: https://github.com/2019ncovmemory/nCovMemory
link: https://mp.weixin.qq.com/s/erJ7zXgdUY28Qcb8zBkh2w
archive: http://archive.is/rZA8E
snapshot: https://github.com/2019ncovmemory/nCovMemory/blob/master/archive/jpg/3347.jpg
lead: "It's not the coldest when it snows, it's the coldest when it melts. "
cover: data:image/jpeg;base64,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
