##Stepping out of Wuhan and facing the desolation of the world

World-views

Introduction to the function, re-understanding the world

The temperature drops precipitously, to the time of the first warm and then cold. It rains all night, comes at night, leaves at dawn, and the water stains on the ground dry on a cloudy day. Feel conventional, the rain has changed his temper, day in succession. The water came in a rhythmic thump, thump, thump, thump, thump, thump, suddenly, like a conductor clenching his fist, the ground closed. The CUCKOO began to sing. We looked through the window to see the plum blossom which had been knocked off by the wind and rain. The temperature is rising and the sun is shining. Wuhan is not impatient in such rain and after a brief rain. The city was so angry that after March it fell into turmoil and could not hold on until the sun had burned itself out and it was clear after October. In the constant rain of spring, there is always a desire to keep one's nose to the grindstone.

The Voice of the city is back. On the road, the traffic rushed past, flying dust through the window to the floor, a thin layer. The community put up no epidemic signs, people out for a walk at dusk, doors and windows are open, the sound of television on the street, Children re-appear in the park, the flowers and plants of the people can not wait to loosen grafting. But the world we're going back to is very different from the one we left. Out of Wuhan, to face the world of desolation. A ship that had been adrift for months came ashore and climbed into the scorched earth. This crisis started in Wuhan, spread to the world, and how many Wuhan appeared. It is hard to celebrate the end of the blockade. Every morning the attention turns from China to a global epidemic, grandma mutters about the rising death toll in Europe. It's not Germany, I said. It's Italy. She said, "where? ". I mean, Italy, you know, the flooded city you went to. She said, "I remember. ".

The phone calls with Anna became so intense that we all felt ridiculous and helpless. Faced with a new round of home segregation, she brought the "Wuhan Experience" to Bavaria and expertly began stocking up. But not all experiences are Loser on loser. We argued over masks, which in Europe are still not understood as legitimate personal protection. Friends in the UK are considering the use of burqas an alternative to face masks and are looking for transit options through third or fourth countries. Two months ago, they were asking about supplies for Wuhan. The public debate over the government's actions is a familiar one, dealing irresolutely with the impulse to panic and rational exhortation. We pay the price, not beyond the borders and the system of the border, not in time to break the luck of psychology, until other countries become similar to Wuhan. The indentation on the face of an Italian nurse, the song on the balcony, the bodies that weren't cremated, these other moments in space, they're like reruns of our memories. In the memory of spring, there is a recurring cycle of negativity and frustration.

All along, people in the affected areas simply wanted to be understood, even more than they wanted to survive. It comes with the suffering of not being understood, of being discriminated against, of being expelled, of being exiled, of being unclean. Faced with the dangers of isolation and abandonment, people have at one time or another come up with the dangerous idea of walking out of an infected area so that they can understand our situation. We are still human beings, only in despair and anger. However, when it does spread, understanding does not come, but falls deeper into misery. Why our pain has not been understood in time to make the same mistake happen to more people. When everyone becomes Wuhan people, we feel lonely. There is no comfort in shared commitment, only regret, remorse, and blame.

It's true that this outbreak is a desperate attempt. But at the cost not only of the virus's life, but of the voices that silence us. Doctors speak at risk, journalists report at risk, and readers burn after reading. Choose the truth, at this moment, is at all costs, holding the solemn and stirring. Everyone must become a martyr, must sacrifice, is not to do the lofty cause, grasps the normal life logic, must live like the martyr. We know the cost of lying in the most direct way. It was no longer a meaningless, mutually understood fling. Knowing that a lie is a lie doesn't stop a lie from killing. Fighting lies means pointing to life as the only principle. To keep people alive, to keep people from dying who don't have to. Even if we don't have the truth. Truth and truth receded in the fog of the epidemic. We look around, and with our bare hands, there's only the truth. It does not rely on mechanisms, it relies on the mouth of others, it has been officially validated and it has deep knowledge. It does not require experts, states, authorities, history, right and wrong, moral nobility and corruption. The truth is introverted, the shadow of the bottom of my heart to come out. It's all about fighting and overcoming yourself.

The epidemic is not over. The forgotten war has just begun. We switch languages and try different memory encodings, so these details don't disappear back into the unified sound. At all costs, even if it means giving up your language. Every falsehood has to be tangled up in a dispute that can not be resolved. Remember, it will be an impenetrable fortress. Than whatever's trying to kill and control it. We return to health from the disease, into an old tired body, face the day and night to go to the memory loss. Muttering to yourself is seen as a precursor to paranoia and madness. Forgetfulness is no longer a natural process, requiring no time intervention. It becomes a choice, a choice to judge whether you "go out" or not. On the other side of choice, memory pushes people to the edge of madness, risking "not going out" and being trapped in mental isolation and battlefield forever.

The more it came to an end, the more impatient the mood became, and one could not wait another second. The outbreak turned into a reckoning. We are here to liquidate the age-old notions of power. A reckoning of family relationships, distance and affection, past and future. As the outside world says, we build up emotions, layer upon layer like a pile of paper, pressed and ground into pulp, and then turned into a thick pile. The expression of emotion is not catharsis, not like flowing water is channeled, without trace. It's a continuous spring rain. When the outbreak is declared over and victorious in mechanical time, emotions are also confronted with prescribed ranges and shipping lanes, carefully measured to millimeters. When our minds are persuaded that memories are ambiguous, only emotions are creatures of the night, swooping in on the wilds of the future.

As a survivor, emotions are the only thing that can not be chosen and chosen. It is the wound we suffer in the face of death every second we live, and no one can fix its size or trace. We may mistake it for anger and relief, and Society for complaint and gratitude. But guilt can be a haunting ghost. Guilt doesn't come from being a survivor. It comes from regret for not having saved someone's voice earlier, for letting them feel wronged, for not shouting responsibility earlier. It sticks with us for a long time, sticks in our throats, whips us, and reminds us of our collective responsibility.

The guilt lingers because the forgiving person is gone. It can not be written off, it can not be repaid, we can only imagine the object of guilt, death is the insurmountable other. We don't need the forgiveness of those who say they want it. The closer we come to the end of this moment, the more we realize that no living subject has the right to forgive us. The question of whether we can tolerate them, will be the first to be answered by those who walk out of the epidemic zone.

Forgiveness can only be used once. One can not, over and over again, tolerate the same thing and the same person. It will be taken as a moral requirement, a moral attribute. Rather than revenge, it is a gesture to end the struggle and return to peace. When the event is over, tolerance is taken as a natural emotional accompaniment. We hear in the court the Mother of the victim to forgive the murderer that moment, no doubt feel the end of relief, people "out" and sublimation, the perfect end. I'll never forgive my mother if she cries out, "you have condemned me. ". While we fully understand her emotions, we will make compassionate and pessimistic judgments about her "not coming out" for the rest of her life. We don't want to spend the rest of our lives being changed by events, always wanting to step out of the moment and believe that life is possible. It is the most vulnerable point, and when there is no punishment or revenge, we look to forgiveness for closure.

In the face of such vulnerability, we forget that the object of tolerance is not to be punished, tolerance is to be unforgivable things. To use it, to bite the bullet, after a great deal of pain, reborn, is no longer the end of the tool or power of the craft. When tolerance is used on a large scale, in sensational news and tearful conferences, and is included in educational curricula, it becomes a social ritual that enters our daily lives and loses its meaning. Tolerance is always rare, exceptional, the end of humanity out of the feat. This determines that tolerance will not take the form of a collective, it will always be a minority.

When we walk out of Wuhan, we find that we can not go back to the normal, back to the known world, can not get relief in the end of illusion, at the same time, more than ever, it is clear that they have lost the possibility of tolerance. That's when we really face the choice between resistance and tolerance.

WECHAT SWEEPS UP Praise for author

####Send it to the author

People Admire

Long-press the QR code to transfer the funds to me

WECHAT's iOS version of the APP has been turned off to support public accounts through Qr code transfers due to apple's new rules.

Go to "discover"-"take a look" browse "friends watching"

Sent

####Send it to take a look

Sending

A scan of wechat
Pay attention to the account


-------------
title: Stepping out of Wuhan and facing the desolation of the world
source: shi-feng
authors: _
editors: _
proofreader: _
photographer: _
translator: _
via: https://github.com/2019ncovmemory/nCovMemory
link: https://mp.weixin.qq.com/s/Qt-vROJ8EjhRmPpC7Ze1YQ
archive: https://archive.li/wip/bPgii
snapshot: https://github.com/2019ncovmemory/nCovMemory/blob/master/archive/jpg/3878.jpg
lead: We pay the price, not beyond the borders and the system of the border, not in time to break the luck of psychology, until other countries become similar to Wuhan.
cover: data:image/jpeg;base64,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
