##Huanggang under siege: Only Wuhan confirmed case

Weixin Quanmingushi

In fact, everyone's story is thrilling.

“
The younger brother worked the night shift for 12 hours and was in great demand for masks, producing one hundred thousand a day.

“

The younger brother worked the night shift for 12 hours and was in great demand for masks, producing one hundred thousand a day.

On January 23rd, shortly after the city's closure was announced, Huanggang also announced that it would close the city at midnight on January 24th. The city of 7.5 m next to Wuhan, once known as the "secret book of Huanggang" , has also been hit hard by the outbreak.

What was the daily life of the people of Huanggang during the siege? The following is an oral account of the daily life of some people in Huanggang collected by the National Story Project:

"My friend was diagnosed this afternoon after dinner. "

Mr. Wang, 26

Supervision Engineer

He lives in Huangzhou District, Huanggang

On January 19, I went to Wuhan to visit friends and spent the afternoon in Hanzheng Street. We weren't wearing masks, and we weren't paying attention.

On the 20th, when I returned to Huanggang, a friend from Wuhan came to visit me in Huanggang. Also did not wear a mask, we ate together, also went to the Internet bar to play a few games.

On the morning of the 21st, he returned to Wuhan and in the afternoon began to have a fever, dizziness and difficulty breathing. Went to the hospital for a check-up and was diagnosed as mild. I haven't heard from him since. I called. His phone was off. He's not answering his wechat. I think he's in complete isolation.

I freaked out and told my family about it. They're scared, too. I put them in another house, and I kept to myself.

This is the first Spring Festival I did not spend with my parents.

Since the 22nd, I've been staying home, reading, playing video games, watching movies. Sometimes I don't even want to play games anymore.

I panic every day. I think things. Take your temperature every three hours. When you get up in the morning, sprinkle alcohol on the bed and mop the floor with 84 disinfectant. After eating, soak the bowl in boiling water for half an hour.

My parents call me every day to bring me food and water. I live on the first floor. I told them to throw it in. Don't meet me.

The Internet regulator in Huanggang may have investigated the account and found that I went to Wuhan on the 19th. Would call me from time to time, reminding me not to go out. The property also calls me every day to remind me to take my medicine on time.

Fortunately, after seven days, I had neither a fever nor a cough. Everything's fine. It's just a lot of stress.

During this time, I went out twice, both times in a car, with very little human contact. To buy alcohol and 84 disinfectant.

84 is limited to two bottles per person, and alcohol is hard to come by when you can still buy it. I got one bottle. It was the last one from the pharmacy, and I grabbed it.

One time I rummaged around the house and found five bottles of alcohol, which seemed to have been bought by my parents for cooking hot pot for Chinese New Year. It was a mistake. I'm just GONNA sterilize them every day.

"Now, the city can't even hear birds. "

Miss Bear, 24

Flight Attendant

On the morning of January 21, I flew from Chengdu to Wuhan and from Wuhan Station to Huanggang on the Intercity Railway. (the trains take about 20 minutes each way from Wuhan Station to Huanggang.) That's when I heard about the outbreak in Wuhan, but I didn't know it was that bad, and I didn't know it was in Huanggang.

On the morning of the 23rd, after the city was shut down, I began to feel the seriousness of the situation. Wuhan is quite remarkable, actually uses the blockade to block the epidemic situation. Later that night, Huanggang was closed.

On the 24th, the first day of Huanggang's siege, I went to the supermarket and bought some food for my family. Most of the people on the road are wearing masks. In the days after the siege, I stayed at home, swiping my phone, and saw that the number of confirmed cases was going up. But it was all online data, and before I had touched my life, I felt the fear was still far away.

Later, my mom told me that one of her friends had been diagnosed, and it was pretty bad. The man just went to the central vegetable market to buy vegetables, and then went to the Mahjong Parlor to play some Mahjong. I don't know exactly where I got it. It was then that the fear came, and it felt like it was getting closer.

I spent the next few days at home playing poker with my family and playing online games with friends.

My Mom said I could still hear birds in the trees outside my window, but now I can't even hear them. The whole city is quiet.

I was supposed to start on the 28th, but the company grounded me, so I'm just gonNA rest at home. At 5:00 p.m. on the 28th, my supervisor informed me that, starting from the 26th, I would be isolated at home for 15 days and report to her daily on my health.

I asked her if she could go back to work after the quarantine was over. She says it's unclear. No instructions from upstairs. We'll have to wait for further notice.

Other colleagues told me that the glasses on the plane had been replaced with disposable ones, that blankets were not allowed to be distributed, and that flight attendants were required to wear face masks and gloves. They teased me in the group and said, don't come back. It's just a joke, but it still makes me uncomfortable.

Last night, I couldn't hold it in my house, so I went out for a walk with my sister. The streets of Huanggang are empty.

We walked for a long time and met a man. Probably out for a walk, too. I didn't expect to meet anyone, and he probably didn't either, so we both froze, and we drifted apart.

"I would go if I already had a volunteer infection. "

Mr. Young, 36

Huanggang Power Company employees

On the night of January 24th, I read that the Government was planning to commandeer the Dabie Mountains regional medical centre as Huanggang's version of Little Tangshan Hospital for new pneumonia.

The Dabie Mountains Regional Medical Center, the new wing of Huanggang's Central Hospital, has been largely completed, with much of the construction and interior renovation planned to begin in May, but has been brought forward because of the outbreak.

Early on the morning of the 25th, I saw a call for volunteers in some of the groups. I want to go. The wife originally is to have disapprobation, the manner that frame can not bear me is resolute, finally consented.

At noon on the 26th, I joined a group of volunteers. There are one hundred people. The group will send out some notices from time to time, said where needs the human. You can go if you want. You don't have to register.

On the night of 26, I went to Dabie Mountains Medical Center, a ten-minute drive from my home. Take your temperature before you go in. It's mostly manual labor, moving beds and trash cans. They also do random temperature checks. The city's restaurants, "Mr. Shrimp" and "primitive tribes" , volunteered to serve US volunteers free meals.

Some of the women from Shandong had too long hair to fit into their protective clothing. A barber volunteers to cut their hair.

Since the 28th, volunteers have not been allowed to visit the Dabie Mountains Medical Center. They should have started receiving patients. We'll help out somewhere else.

Yesterday afternoon, someone in the group said that one of the volunteers had been diagnosed. I don't know if it's true or not, but a lot of people are too scared to go back. I'll still be there.

"What I was afraid of, it didn't happen. "

Deng Anqing, 36

Young Writer

He lives in Wuxue, Huanggang

My home is in the martial arts cave. When I got up early on January 23, I saw the news that the city of Wuhan was closed. After getting up with the mother is cooking a say, the mother is not very understanding, not much attention. She's been whispering so much about the outbreak these last few days, I feel like she's having a hard time processing it. Soon the city of Huanggang was sealed off, and by the afternoon, the papers were out of my hometown of Wuxue.

In the evening, my mother came to my room to chat, I took the opportunity to show her a dozen epidemic video. "How serious is it? " She said, after carefully reading it

"Of course, " I said. "You don't see that in the countryside. There's a lot of tension out there. ". Now headache is the New Year from the first day to the third day of the New Year.

I said to my mother, "I wish my relatives wouldn't come to pay new year's calls. Many people said they would call and pay new year's calls. "

My mother said, "well, you can't tell me. Many relatives don't even have contact information. They only come once in the new year. " I added, "then you need to wear a mask. " My mother said, "it's not polite to wear a mask to greet guests. " I was worried, "Is the face important, or life important AH. " Mother said: "You do not pay New Year, can not stop others pay New Year. This block can not stop. "

On the 24th, New Year's Eve, my mother said to me, "I have already told your brother that I will go to his house in the evening and tomorrow, but I will not come out. If a new year visitor comes, there will be no one in our house. If they ask, they will say that they have gone to the street. So the others will have nothing to say. "

It seems the constant nagging about the epidemic has worked. Now there are obviously more people wearing masks in the dyke. Most of the young people wear them, and my mother wears them when she goes out. There are also some old people who do not believe in this "evil" and refuse to wear them. Cousin also told the clan not to visit.

On the first day of the New Year, I came back from my brother's house. Originally worried about the new year things did not appear, every door locked. There were few pedestrians on the street. There's a man outside the supermarket who takes your temperature. Local wechat groups see many Huan Li Village Cadres Ring Gong signs not to go out New Year.

We all do it over the phone by video link. Wearing a mask has become the consensus. "This is the loneliest Spring Festival I have ever seen in my life, " said my mother

"$3 for a pack of face masks, $3 a pack. "

May, 24

He's in Grad School

He lives in Xishui County, Huanggang

On January 19th, dad caught a cold, and it wasn't all over the news. But to avoid contagion, I bought a pack of face masks at the pharmacy across the street for $3. My father wears a mask to go out, the neighbors also joked: "A cold you have to wear a mask ah? "

My brother and I haven't been outside since the 21st. A generic surgical mask from the pharmacy across the street sold for $3. The number of people infected in Wuhan is increasing day by day on the news, with 12 cases reported in Huanggang City. I started getting anxious, trying to talk my family out of going out. But the streets are still full of people, especially old people and children, still without masks.

On the 23rd, after Wuhan was closed, Huanggang was closed. News spread, the opposite pharmacy filled with people, are competing for masks, Banlangen, alcohol and so on. Even the old man, who is usually red in the face over a dollar, is willing to spend 60 yuan to buy a pack at this time.

From that day on, there were fewer and fewer people walking the streets, and families were hoarding food. On the first day of the new year, the roads between villages, towns and towns were closed. There's no one on the street. Because it is a township hospital, there is no perfect medical facilities, there are suspected patients can only be sent to the county hospital. Shortages have also forced doctors to wear the most common protective clothing and face masks, and friends of nurses have no car to take them to city hospitals.

In the early morning of these days, every day there are community radio propaganda in the streets, but one after another people began to roam the streets.

"civil servants at the grass-roots level, on duty every day. "

Mann, 24

Civil servants

He lives in Macheng, Huanggang

I knew that "COVID-19 pneumonia" was on January 21, the unit held a large meeting, before this because of busy work or because I took the initiative to block irrelevant information reasons, do not know about this.

This was not the only task assigned at the meeting, but the only thing I can remember is that the head of our District Health Service Center gave us a live demonstration of the "six-step washing method. ".

On the 24th (New Year's Eve) at 11 am, traffic control was imposed in Macheng and the passenger terminal was suspended. Working Group has been the leadership of the epidemic prevention command at all levels to forward the "special" "special mention" mark of the document. I also just realized the seriousness of the matter, also not in the mood to watch the Spring Festival gala, even the temporary arrangement of the special anti-epidemic program did not watch.

During this period, the unit's top leaders and relevant responsible persons have not taken a holiday. (the person responsible here refers to the paired middle-level leaders of the unit, the cadres of the Health Service Center, the cadres of the police station and the cadres of the villages and communities under the jurisdiction.)

On New Year's Eve, they are also holding their posts, handing out anti-epidemic leaflets to residents, patrolling the whole area with loudspeakers, and registering and cataloguing returning people.

From the first day to the fifth day of the Lunar New Year, the relevant departments and personnel are mainly responsible for the continuous publicity, disinfection and disinfection of the area, and putting in garbage bins for recycling waste masks, and I was temporarily recruited as an propagandist, to be responsible for the publicity and reporting of epidemic prevention work and not to participate in specific affairs.

This makes me feel that I have also contributed to the unit, I am very grateful and respect for those who are fighting in the front line, medical care, volunteers, and so on, of course, these grass-roots staff.

Today, the fifth day, the weather is good, check the weather forecast, the last few days are good, scribble a flower.

"there were fireworks outside, like crying. "

Wang, 25

Qichun County, Huanggang City

It wasn't until January 23rd that I suddenly heard that Wuhan was going to be closed off. I just remembered I need a mask.

I took the other half out, chose the nearest large pharmacy, asked the shop owner of the mother has no medical masks, and did not wait for us to finish, she said No. I quickly asked again can help us to look for, a doctor from the corner turned over, "only a package. "

The county had sold out of masks, but there were 20 in a bag. I didn't think I was in Wuhan. This should be enough.

But the outbreak has progressed far beyond our expectations. Following the closure of the city in Wuhan, Huanggang also announced the closure of the city, even our small county began to restrict the movement of people in and out of the city, and the most worrying thing happened, with more than a dozen cases of infection in Qichun County and the county hospital declaring an emergency.

On New Year's Eve, it was raining outside. There were fewer fireworks and firecrackers than usual. Listening to the sound of the fireworks, I said to my high school classmates, "there are fireworks outside. It sounds like crying. "

On the first day of the Lunar New Year, as I was preparing lunch, a government propaganda car began to blow its horn and shout something. I thought it was the county leader who reminded the public to pay attention to the prevention and control of the virus. He quickly put down his hand and went to the window to listen, as a result, they keep repeating that they're going to arrest someone for breaking the whip last night.

Disappointed and angry, my former medical school friends in the circle over and over again to donate supplies to the county hospital: the doctor even the most basic masks and isolation clothes are not enough, the nurses didn't have goggles or protective clothing... and all I could do was donate money and relay messages of support.

In the small town, the elderly and most of the elders, these days began to permeate the smell of burning wormwood.

As a result of more than a week of cloudy and rainy days, the streets were deserted. On the fifth day of the Lunar New Year, the weather is fine, my father went out to take out the garbage in the morning, came back to us and said: The Sun came out, we can not hold, are out shopping.

After a while, someone knocked on the door of the district committee and began to check the population of the hometown of Wuhan. "Did anyone from your family come back from Wuhan? " The father answered, "No, we have been at home all the time. " The man took a photo and asked the next family.

"brother works overtime in the factory making masks. "

The Hollow Orchid, 25

Teacher

Lives in Tuanfeng County, Hubei Province

My family is in Tuanfeng. Five days ago, the COVID-19 didn't seem to be realized until the news of the closure of the city began to get people's attention.

On New Year's Eve, January 24th, which used to be the busiest day of the year, everyone was frantically buying masks and disinfectant, which had already been snapped up in my small town.

While people sigh this year is really no taste, but there are still a large number of people even back from Wuhan people gathered together to chat and play cards.

This year is the first time for our family of four not to gather together. My brother in Huangzhou, he couldn't get back because his way home was blocked.

My brother is a quiet boy who turned 20 in 2019. He was working in a mask workshop at a company in Huanggang. He could have returned before Huanggang closed the city, but he didn't have a mask because of the outbreak and the shortage of masks.

Many workers in the workshop had already gone home to reunite with their families for the New Year. He lived alone in his dormitory during the Cold Spring Festival.

Because of his youth, he was assigned to the night shift, which lasted about twelve hours, and the daily demand for masks was so great that one hundred thousand masks were produced a day. Only on New Year's Eve, they had a day off and worked overtime the rest of the day.

Originally, the younger brother can fourth day off, is still working overtime, his parents call him every day, worried that he is afraid to disturb his rest.

Food is prepared at home and when he returns, the family will be together until the new year.

Call for

We want to use the national story project as a platform, to give you an idea of every part of Hubei: Wuhan, Huanggang, Ezhou, yellowstone, Xiaogan, Xiangyang, Jingzhou, Jingmen, Suizhou, Suizhou, Suizhou, Suizhou, New Orleans, New Orleans, New Orleans, New Orleans, Shennongjia, New Orleans, New Orleans, New Orleans, New Orleans, New Orleans, New Orleans, New Orleans, New Orleans, New Orleans, New Orleans, New Orleans, New Orleans, New Orleans, New Orleans In every county, in every town.

You in Hubei can tell us about your experience.

Whether it's a message or a picture, it can be sent directly to us from the public account of the National Story Project.

Hopefully, this time, we can get through this together.

Call for

We want to use the national story project as a platform, to give you an idea of every part of Hubei: Wuhan, Huanggang, Ezhou, yellowstone, Xiaogan, Xiangyang, Jingzhou, Jingmen, Suizhou, Suizhou, Suizhou, Suizhou, New Orleans, New Orleans, New Orleans, New Orleans, Shennongjia, New Orleans, New Orleans, New Orleans, New Orleans, New Orleans, New Orleans, New Orleans, New Orleans, New Orleans, New Orleans, New Orleans, New Orleans, New Orleans, New Orleans In every county, in every town.

You in Hubei can tell us about your experience.

Whether it's a message or a picture, it can be sent directly to us from the public account of the National Story Project.

Hopefully, this time, we can get through this together.

We want to use the national story project as a platform, to give you an idea of every part of Hubei: Wuhan, Huanggang, Ezhou, yellowstone, Xiaogan, Xiangyang, Jingzhou, Jingmen, Suizhou, Suizhou, Suizhou, Suizhou, New Orleans, New Orleans, New Orleans, New Orleans, Shennongjia, New Orleans, New Orleans, New Orleans, New Orleans, New Orleans, New Orleans, New Orleans, New Orleans, New Orleans, New Orleans, New Orleans, New Orleans, New Orleans, New Orleans In every county, in every town.

You in Hubei can tell us about your experience.

Whether it's a message or a picture, it can be sent directly to us from the public account of the National Story Project.

Hopefully, this time, we can get through this together.

By Li Ze

Editor | Pu Moshi

▼

The national story project is looking for anyone with a story

Tell the story you care about and send it

tougao@quanmingushi.com

As soon as the story was published, it was paid 300-1000 yuan for each thousand words

Please support the National Story Project, Click here

Go to "discover"-"take a look" browse "friends watching"

Sent

####Send it to take a look

Sending

A scan of wechat
Pay attention to the account


-------------
title: Huanggang under siege: Only Wuhan confirmed case
source: quan-min-gu-shi-ji-hua
authors: _
editors: _
proofreader: _
photographer: _
translator: _
via: https://github.com/2019ncovmemory/nCovMemory
link: https://mp.weixin.qq.com/s/hSvrH8ACUSYn-uU5leE8wQ
archive: http://archive.is/6qirF
snapshot: https://github.com/2019ncovmemory/nCovMemory/blob/master/archive/jpg/508.jpg
lead: I would go if I had a volunteer infection.
cover: data:image/jpeg;base64,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
