##The story of the volunteer motorcade after the "city closure" in Wuhan

Wechat media-fox

Features, for those who insist on serious reading options. Sohu News Extreme Day studio.

Wuhan "closed" after the suspension of public transport, since January 24, the road began to appear in the form of private self-help convoy. Private cars in shifts, round-the-clock fleet of medical personnel, transport medical supplies every day, each trip to use 75% of the alcohol concentration of disinfectant spraying vehicles, oil money, protective masks, disinfectant are out of their own pocket. More than 4,000 volunteers have participated, according to media reports. They are like the city "closed" after the capillary, connected to the blocked arteries, hope that through their own strength, to provide some help for the people who stay here together.

January 26, "closed city" the fourth day, the central urban area motor vehicles "Ban" the first day of the Wuhan Urban area.

By Dani Wang and Xiaofang Li

Editor | Tao Ruogu

1

In the early hours of Jan. 26, Yang Lin's wechat group exploded. The volunteer's car was not in the permitted area. Messages popped up one after another. "Did you get the message? (dialect) " , "what the Hell is going on? " And "can you get on the road? "

A few hours ago, the Wuhan Epidemic Prevention and Control Headquarters issued notice No. 9, starting from midnight on the 26th, in addition to the approved security transport vehicles, free transport vehicles, official vehicles, the central city of the motor vehicle ban management. Subsequently, the city Traffic Management Bureau also made adjustments to the ban on motor vehicles through mobile phone text messages 24 hours in advance to inform the owners, not received a text message notice can pass.

The group stayed active until 3 a.m. , when Yang Lin, 29, forced himself to close his eyes for a nap, intending to hit the road the next day. According to his previous appointment, he had to get up at 5 a.m. to take a doctor from the People's Hospital of Wuhan University to work, then a nurse from Zhongshan Hospital, a doctor from Yaxin General Hospital, a nurse from Hankou hospital... for three days, he set off at the same time in his Mercedes Benz, shuttling between the 13 urban districts of Wuhan, picking up the nurse who finished last and the doctor who went to work first.

There were fewer cars on the street that morning. He estimated that there were about 200 drivers in the convoy who were afraid to hit the road for fear of losing points and failing to grasp the policy. On his way to the hospital to deliver the alcohol, he was stopped by the traffic police, who did not check his pass but said, "don't come out again. ".

Three days before the city bus stop, Yang Lin saw on Weibo that the medical staff did not have a car to and from work, so he sent a private message to contact and picked up the three people. After more and more people ask for help, he pulled a few friends who usually listen to live performances together, set up a doctor travel mutual help group, set up a "Lu mo road rescue" team.

Lu Mo Lu is a place in Wuchang where VOX, a popular live music venue, is located. In the punk city, Yang Lin and his friends shared similar musical tastes and often went there to see rock concerts. To Yang Lin's surprise, the Rock and roll youth team was solid. Within one night, the small private group had grown into four large groups of nearly 500 people, with more than 1,500 drivers and paramedics, and a quarter of all private car owners.

On January 26, Yang Lin handed out free alcohol to team volunteers to disinfect their vehicles.

Although the city has collected 6,000 taxis, three to five for each community in the central district, to provide free services to residents, they are nowhere near enough.

Just after 1 a.m. on January 26, a young girl posted a request for help on her friend's circle, hoping to be picked up by a car. The girl and her parents were both COVID-19. The three were treated in separate hospitals, and her father had just died. She had to leave the hospital and take his identity card to the hospital where he was to be cremated. No one answered at 110, public transportation was paralyzed, and she found a volunteer motorcade organized by Li Xiaoxiong.

The wechat group was silent for a long time. In order to ensure the safety of drivers, the first principle of the team is not to transport confirmed or suspected patients, to avoid cross-infection. Affected by the new restrictions, and out of concern for the owner's health, Li Xiaoxiong had already decided in the middle of the night on the 25th to stop picking up and sending medical staff.

But the girl had no other way. A driver forced his head to accept, put on protective clothing, put on a mask, goggles, the girl smoothly to the hospital. As soon as the volunteer got home, he cleaned the car thoroughly with disinfectant, took off all his clothes, and had another bath before meeting his family. His car won't be in service for the next few days, and he'll have to isolate himself for a while before he can go out.

After dealing with her father's death, the girl went back to the treatment center. In her reply, she began to have a fever again on the morning of January 27.

These days, Li Xiaoxiong mobile phone "Di di" sound is always with the frequency of "second" kept ringing. "If you click your phone every day, you don't know how many times, " she said. Suddenly, the team had no more efficient way to serve, so they had to resort to stupid methods and stare at their phones all the time, will the medical staff needs, materials delivery location, contact in time to the owner group, can pick up the driver in the group response, the two sides again docking.

To form a motorcade, she initially just sent a friend circle, in the vicinity of the need to go to the hospital to contact her, can pick up and drop off. As a result, more and more people copied and forwarded, and the Dean saw the circle of friends and forwarded the message to the hospital's internal group. Li Xiaoxiong suspected that day may be the whole city of doctors to call her, "drip" sound has not stopped.

On the morning of January 26, volunteers sent a doctor to work at the Yaxin General Hospital in Wuhan.

2

The demand of the citizens is almost all in the wechat group. A doctor came back from vacation early, because the "closed city" could not take the train, asking volunteers to drive into the city from the surrounding area, looking for a driver with an A2 driver's license, to help the hospital drive ambulances; The convenience store owner offered free mineral water and instant noodles, hoping to get them to the doctor.

On his first trip, 30-year-old Zhou picked up a doctor on his way to Wuhan's Central Hospital. He put on a three-layer mask, prepped the 84, and loaded the car with rubbing alcohol. After the smooth arrival, another city's Fifth Hospital nurses just off work, Zhou Xin hesitated or answered, a phone call to the past, the nurse could not help pleading, "she said that I hope faster, because she is really very tired and very sleepy. "

It was about seven or eight kilometers from the hospital to the nurse's home. Zhou Xin was not familiar with the road conditions. The female nurses were giving him directions and telling him that there were too many patients in Florida. They were short of Manpower and materials. Most of the patients were old and their blood vessels were not obvious, needles are difficult, and some elderly people are so emotional that they may speak ill of a nurse.

The nurse told her that almost every doctor and nurse in the emergency department had cried. They are short-staffed, basic five to six hours to work can not rest, no time to drink water, sore throat, can only let colleagues to give her saline emergency water supplement. The female nurse finally said, sometimes also wants to quit, in the family also has the child old man. Zhou Xin didn't know what to say. In the evening he scoured his friend's circle and saw that the female nurse had sent a message on time again, looking for a volunteer driver to take her to work tomorrow.

Zhou Xin in the motorcade, several drivers have detected the phenomenon of fever, was the motorcade management ordered to stop service, self-isolation. The neighborhood where he lived also had an ambulance come in at night to pick up two suspected patients. He's a little nervous. He's taking time out from volunteering, considering the old folks and the kids.

On January 26, a volunteer driver helped unload the truck.

No one knows exactly when, when the epidemic began in the south China Seafood Market quietly spread. But Wang Na, a 40-year-old shopkeeper, learned from her doctor friend in mid-december, before officials reported the first case of pneumonia of unknown origin. "It may not be resolved in the short term, " she said.

She stuffed the family fridge with 15 chickens, 20 snappers and 10 catties of Cabbage Moss, stocked the food early and reminded her charity to prepare protective gear in advance. She was the only one of eight driver friends who had been loading and unloading 100 cases of alcohol at a gas station near the West Expressway in Wuhan when news of the "closure" came out in the early hours of January 23, they laughed and called her a "sharp-tongued" , "good is not good, bad is good" .

During SARS in 2003, she was the driver of supplies. At that time, she was in the army. She was asked to join the convoy supporting Guangzhou and Beijing. "One car, one person, thousands of kilometers of road, no rest for several days. ". Seventeen years later, when something similar happened in the city where she lived, she was relatively calm.

Several of his friends planned to leave Wuhan before the expressway closed, but Wang Na did not. She heard that "e a" did not dare to go on the road outside, friends who went to Hainan were checked by the community, friends who went to Nanjing were also checked for body temperature and travel records, "it's the same wherever you go, " Wang Na gave up the New Year Plan of driving with his daughter, intend to stay in Wuhan, "in this case, the shortage of materials and transport capacity, is certainly. "

After the closure of the city, news of material shortage in several hospitals spread all over the network. Trucks loaded with face masks, alcohol and protective clothing then drove from place to place in Wuhan, blocking the entrance to the city's edge.

Some donated materials from outside the city can be distributed to designated hospitals through the Wuhan Red Cross, while some items donated directly by non-governmental organizations and residents are not easy to get into Wuhan. Medical Equipment needs to be certified as medical grade and must be certified as a rescue item before it can be cleared through checkpoints, and some require hospital acceptance certificates. "It's very troublesome to open these certificates, " Li said. "Two days before the city was shut down, we were always stuck at the exit of the expressway and wouldn't be allowed to pass. "

She can't prove it. She can only handle city transport, like ants moving house, two boxes of Hazmat suits to this hospital, and tens of thousands of masks to that hospital. She adds that the green channel has made the process much easier.

Wang Na's 2.0 t SUV was packed with 12 boxes of 60 cm by 40 cm cardboard boxes, and the passenger seat was filled with alcohol, face masks and other medical supplies. Once she was stopped by a traffic cop without a "city pass, " and she yelled at the officer, "If you don't have a pass, you're going to lose points! I'll deal with this when I'm done! " The older officer waved her away.

Like her driving a private car, the early morning rush to the intersection of the volunteers are not in the minority. After the goods enter the customs, some of the scattered donations need private cars to deliver them, and some of the goods that are not convenient to enter the city will also be unloaded to the high-speed port, through the vehicles of volunteers transshipment. Vans, small cars, and Suvs are like the capillary of the city, connecting clogged arteries and carrying supplies to the 8,494 square kilometer city.

3

To make it easier for drivers like Wang Na to pick up the goods, a truck driver took advantage of the darkness to drive more than 20 kilometers downtown and Park in the hotel parking lot, "so you can be closer and not have to work so hard. " Wang Na chatted briefly with the driver and learned that he hadn't slept in two days.

These days, many truck drivers go back and forth between Xiantao and Wuhan. Xiantao is one of the mask producing areas in Hubei Province. Many factories work all night. Truck drivers, like many people who buy masks, stand guard at the factory gate day and night, producing one case and carrying another, he told Wang Na, "everyone is out of stock. Whoever gets it first gets it. "

On the morning of the 26th, Liu Wei, who was also waiting at the exit of the highway, fell asleep in his car and was woken up by other drivers around 6 am. He had joined the previous night and had been unable to secure orders. "The other volunteers were too fast, " he said. By 2 a.m. , when a truck driver arrived for a transfer of supplies, more than 20 drivers were waiting with him at night.

When they saw a truckload of protective clothing, face masks and shoe covers arriving in Wuhan, they immediately loaded the truck and completed the distribution within an hour. Before 9 o'clock, the goods would be sent to the places where they were needed, such as the Union Peace Hospital, the Tongji Hospital and the Wuhan Central Hospital.

Liu Wei was a freelancer who had been lying around on his couch almost every night since the city was shut down. My mother worked as a cleaning lady at a Community Hospital in Jiangxia District. She went to the hospital twice a day and collected the discarded masks and other protective items from doctors and nurses in yellow plastic bags.

My father was working as a security guard in the project of the Third Bureau of the China Construction Construction Bureau. The Third Bureau called for additional container support. My father and a dozen elderly people in their 60s and 70s all went to work overtime to empty the cables out of the boxes. Ashamed that his parents were busy with the outbreak, Liu Wei joined the volunteer convoy through a friend.

The "Didi" sound of pop-up messages is like a huge gap that can not be filled. Wang Na felt powerless, the civil volunteers do not have any financial subsidies, she does not know how long such days will continue, "every day light gas money is more than four hundred. ".

January 26, the traffic police stopped the passing motor vehicles, told "do not drive out again. ".

Compared with the traffic police's obstruction and the restriction of the policy, what makes her feel even more sad is the others'incomprehension. One of the farmers in the group offered to supply the hospital with a supply of vegetables at a low price, and was dismissed as an advertisement for personal gain. On another late-night delivery, Wang Na wrestled boxes of face masks out of the car, and the receiver signed the receipt, muttering, "what's a woman doing out at night? Why aren't you at home? " She looked at the news, and saw that a netizen left a message saying that the volunteers were "stuffed and meddlesome. " Tears came out at once.

Wang Na sometimes wondered what the point of all this was. She kept her relatives in her hometown in the dark, afraid to post any news about being a volunteer in her circle of friends, for fear that her family would worry. On New Year's Eve, several relatives called on her voice mail. She was driving. She refused to answer the phone several times. In desperation, she finally answered her sister-in-law's video call, lying to her that she did not go out, but just went to the car to get something. Sister-in-law again told, do not go out to run around, take care of the daughter.

Her husband died young, and Wang Na's daughter grew up in an insecure, single parent home. At 2 am, before Wang Na went out, her daughter pulled her and said, "now it's so dangerous outside, if something happens to you, what will I do? " Wang Na was sour, but the wechat group message kept ringing, she couldn't help but look, her daughter couldn't stop, and finally said, "It's crazy to stay at home alone, " begged her mother to take her with her.

It's day four of the lockdown. Clouds gather over the city on January 26, with intermittent drizzle. The Yangtze River Bridge, Chuhehan Street and Jianghan road pedestrian streets were barely visible, except for a few sanitation workers in Orange Coats waving their brooms. With the exception of a few supermarkets, street shops almost all pull a rolling gate, and occasionally shop doors with flower baskets, yellow and white in the cold streets stand out.

These days, Yang Lin sleeps almost two hours a day and eats a few loaves of bread. With less demand in the midday crowd, he drove to a pharmaceutical factory in the east West Lake district and used the money his friends had raised on their own to buy alcohol and masks. In the evening, he rushed to the Sanfeng gas station near the intersection of Wuhan West Expressway to get ready before the delivery truck arrived.

"I've never seen so little traffic in Wuhan, " he said, his left hand on the steering wheel and his right hand flipping through messages on wechat groups at a steady 30 yards.

To protect the privacy of the interviewees, the characters in the article are assumed names

On January 26, drivers volunteer to take inventory of supplies after unloading.

Reply to the "Reader Group" in the background and join in more discussions

WECHAT SWEEPS UP Praise for author

####Send it to the author

People Admire

Long-press the QR code to transfer the funds to me

Under apple's new rules, wechat's iOS version of the APP has been turned off to support public accounts through Qr code transfers.

Go to "discover"-"take a look" browse "friends watching"

Sent

####Send it to take a look

Sending

A scan of wechat
Pay attention to the account


-------------
title: The story of the volunteer motorcade after the "city closure" in Wuhan
source: ji-zhou-gong-zuo-shi
authors: _
editors: _
proofreader: _
photographer: _
translator: _
via: https://github.com/2019ncovmemory/nCovMemory
link: https://mp.weixin.qq.com/s/35gyjt_RCOzheSWcZ7D7uQ
archive: http://archive.ph/LNntl
snapshot: https://github.com/2019ncovmemory/nCovMemory/blob/master/archive/jpg/1181.jpg
lead: They're like the capillary of a city that's been shut down.
cover: data:image/jpeg;base64,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
