##Here are 77 Internet product managers who have decided to support Wuhan

Wechat. Lucanighttalk

Function description, I want to interview 100 human stories.

For many people, this past New Year's Eve may have been the most uneventful year of their lives.

Yo! The same is true for the group of "Haijun's circle of friends" (Yo Group) .

Some complain, some complain, some act.

The initial members of Yo Group are a group of senior Internet product managers from bytedance, tencent, Wechat, Pin Doddo, Meituan Dianping, Kuaishou, Baidu and other well-known companies. In addition to product managers, there are serial entrepreneurs and investors in E-commerce, many of whom are well known even outside the Internet.

Based on years of trust between the group, they first pooled their money and donated cash to the Wuhan University. The first batch of $86,700 went into the foundation's collection account.

It's easy to give money, but what the front is short of is not money, but supplies. Not only does it involve procurement, it also involves raising / managing funds, liaising with logistics, keeping an eye on deliveries, and even the last kilometre of distribution, which is much more difficult than usual.

During the Spring Festival, factories shut down, most express delivery stopped, coupled with road closure, usually can wait a few days, now delay half a day will delay in life.

They are product managers, designers, programmers, and others who have worked on the Internet for more than a decade, working as ceos, vice presidents, and business leaders of companies.

At 23:40 on New Year's Eve, Cao Dapeng (former co-founder of Nice) and Huang Haijun (founder of zhirenshe) and others joined a group called "support Hubei" . So far, 77 Internet product managers have been mobilized.

If you give it away, you win. It doesn't matter who gives it away

Now they do their own, do their own procurement, the hospital to do customer service, do logistics, even finance is part-time by a company CTO, a group of P 8, P 9 above the product managers are all in the handyman.

The group of product managers, who usually ask for what others want, quickly combed through the core requirements:

* . Many neglected hospitals are short of supplies
* For time reasons, the unified distribution of materials may not be immediately distributed to small and medium-sized hospitals or county hospitals
* . Help them dock emergency supplies within the next few days to avoid infection of health care workers.

1. Many neglected hospitals are short of supplies

2. For reasons of time, uniformly distributed materials may not be immediately distributed to small and medium-sized hospitals or county hospitals

3. Help them dock emergency supplies within the next few days to prevent infection of their staff.

The group collected another one hundred thousand in cash to buy supplies. The rest of us will divide up the work and cooperate. Some of US will go to Taobao, 1688 and other channels to look for materials, because there are quite a few people in the group who have made overseas start-ups / investments. Some of us will also contact the sources of goods in Southeast Asia and India.

Luo Zixiong, a well-known designer in the industry, was previously the design director of Hammer Technology. He is very familiar with the model and standard of the mask, so people come to him to judge if they are unsure. With the spread of the network, they can dock more materials, Zixiong collated a "material standard document" for your reference.

Many times responsible for the purchase of brothers have been suppliers stood up, originally agreed to sign the contract supply, to the last step back. A lot of it was taken by people who wanted the same thing.

"If you give it away, it's a win. It doesn't matter who gives it away. "They said.

Someone specifically contact the hospital, the doctor, collated the hospital situation, synchronized to the cloud form.

Many of the requirements may seem small, such as 100 goggles and 100 suits of protective clothing. According to the "emergency" requirement, there are people in the group who are responsible for docking and pushing each requirement as a project when it is a product, wHO's in charge of the docking.

Because time is of the essence, being one step ahead may mean fewer health care workers are at risk.

Jiangxia District Hospital of Traditional Chinese Medicine in Wuhan received their first batch of 500 goggles

In a word, this group of Internet product managers, came up with the idea of making a product to solve the problem of time difference before the co-ordination material is completely allocated.

All kinds of information flying all over the Internet, cheaters and rumors are not a lot, some people pretend, fake, some people pretend to be good, unidentified materials difficult to verify. This kind of problem, each non-governmental aid organization more or less all has encountered.

This group of product managers approach is still the same as usual to promote the project, only docking volunteers deep docking, feel the bottom of the hospital, for other volunteer organizations can verify the demand side, they will recommend the supply side, as much as possible, ensure that the flow of goods and materials is efficient and credible.

In addition to specific contact information, the cloud form also has a dedicated person to summarize and update the status of each item, such as "in communication" , "shipped" , "deferred" , "confirmed" needs highlighted to remind everyone to move forward, "docking complete" is marked in gray, as if a project has been closed.

So far they have linked up with 43 hospitals, and the number continues to grow.

We may be small, but we don't want to be ignored

On the list of hospitals that Yo group has already docked with, there are large designated hospitals such as the Wuhan Union Hospital and Wuhan Central Hospital, more or Xiaogan Yunmeng County Central Hospital, Jingmen duo dao central hospital, and so on did not appear in the first aid vision of the hospital.

Many neglected hospitals are also facing difficulties.

Ma Li, the CEO of Zhiqun, one of Yo Group's volunteers, received a message asking for help:

"Can you donate to our hospital? We are the mental health center of Wuhan, treating patients with mental illness, but previously treating patients with an incubation period caused more than a dozen patients to become infected, and nearly 10 health care workers to feel. Because our patients are a special group, it is difficult to transfer to designated hospitals, but we do not have protective equipment, so now the health care workers are exposed to the risk of infection. Our hospital is not a designated hospital, there is no fever clinic, so in the purchase of protective measures and donations are not taken seriously, but we really need protective measures! "

In follow-up communication, the doctor said that there are now two cases of infection in two wards of the Wuhan Mental Health Center, one of which was recruited from the department director, head nurse and doctors, there's an 80-year-old returning specialist with severe symptoms.

The infected patients are currently isolated, but the clinic has had to admit patients with severe mental illness to prevent latent infections, and the hospital now needs to vacate the ward to isolate new patients.

No protective clothing, no goggles, no medical hats, no N95 masks. Many doctors contact suppliers privately through various contacts.

"If it's a donation, we'll have to ask for 5,000 N95 masks. If it's a purchase, we'll ask for more. "said the doctor.

Through communication, Yo Group and other volunteer organizations together found a small amount of resources to help them in an emergency. With more resources, we would all like to be able to better help doctors like them.

Delta Yo Group received from the front-line medical staff for help

Demand is coming from all sides, and more product managers are moving. A product manager who had worked in Meituan contacted Huang Haijun after he saw the information about Yo group. His own sister is a doctor in a hospital in Wuhan, but does not have masks, protective clothing or other basic equipment. Brother in Beijing is very anxious, this sister in the hospital needs, also joined the demand list of Yo Group.

At first they were just a group of friends who knew each other well enough to put together some money to do the job, which added up to one hundred thousand in cash. Over the course of three days, the group had combed through the process, starting with a New Year's Eve conference call, into a customer service center for docking supplies.

If you have the resources, but you don't have a solid middle ground, and you have the expertise to deliver it to the hospital that needs it, or has the corresponding help-seeking information (needs to be in the hospital staff, to avoid impersonating, falsely claim and so on risk) , can fill in this form.

In addition, the classic published a "contact 73 hospitals issued 380,000 goods, summed up to the donors of the eight strategies" is quite comprehensive, but also to want to contribute to your reference.

Read the original article

↓↓↓

WECHAT SWEEPS UP Praise for author

####Send it to the author

People Admire

Long-press the QR code to transfer the funds to me

Under apple's new rules, wechat's iOS version of the APP has been turned off to support public accounts through Qr code transfers.

Go to "discover"-"take a look" browse "friends watching"

Sent

####Send it to take a look

Sending

A scan of wechat
Pay attention to the account


-------------
title: Here are 77 Internet product managers who have decided to support Wuhan
source: Human Pixel
authors: _
editors: _
proofreader: _
photographer: _
translator: _
via: https://github.com/2019ncovmemory/nCovMemory
link: https://mp.weixin.qq.com/s/2vQ1Ews6sJklO58pX9WnuQ
archive: http://archive.ph/eXl0u
snapshot: https://github.com/2019ncovmemory/nCovMemory/blob/master/archive/jpg/607.jpg
lead: Internet vet on the move.
cover: data:image/jpeg;base64,/9j/4AAQSkZJRgABAQAAAQABAAD/2wBDAAYEBQYFBAYGBQYHBwYIChAKCgkJChQODwwQFxQYGBcUFhYaHSUfGhsjHBYWICwgIyYnKSopGR8tMC0oMCUoKSj/wAALCADLAeABAREA/8QAHQAAAgIDAQEBAAAAAAAAAAAAAwQCBQABBgcICf/EAEQQAAEDAwIEBAQDBgQEBAcAAAEAAgMEESEFMQYSQVEHEyJhFHGBkTKhsRUjQlLB0QgzcoJikuHwFhcYJCVUY5Oi0uL/2gAIAQEAAD8A45jcZTETUwwJiMY2R425RmBHjb7JiNtkxGy4TMbU1E1NRBNRMCZibdNxRpuNnsmYmZTbGIzGI7GXTEbUdjSCpsblHa37KQZfop+XhbDFnIoFucLfLhQIUeUWKgWKBYoOaguZlDczdCexAcxCe3dLyM3S72Jd7N7JWRm9krIzdKysSsjUtI2wSsgS0jUtIMpaQWSz+qXk2S0hSkhSr8XSsp3S0juyWkfgrpo23TMYTEbUdg6I7AjMamI2pljUzG1MxMumo29k1Ezsmo2puJibibZNxMTUTEyxmUeNnsmGMRmMRmsspAZwitbhTYMKYCk1tysc22yjyrLYUOXdQIsoWUbFDcxDLUJzboTm4N0FzEF7d0B7d0u9tgUu9qWkbYJWRm6Ukb0slXt3CVkbgpWRuClJBgpWUdErKErJslpNkrLdKPS0nVJy4uk5CcpOV67OMYTEYCPGEeMZR2BHjGUzG1MxBMxtTUTUzE1ORNsm4mpuFmE3ExNRtTUbEzGxHjYmI2I7W2RGtuUQNypAKTW5UuTOFNosMrAN7qPeyiBdaIUSO6GWKJCiQhFuShOGENwugub0QJGoD2oEjUvIxLyNsClJAlZW7pORuErK05SkoSknVKShKSDBSzwlJBhKybFKS9UrL1SUvWyRmPVITuXexhHjF0wwdkeMYR42+yYiblMxhMxhNRN7pqJqbib3TUTU3CwpyNqbjamo2piNuU1G3CYY3sEdgsEWNoujAKbQpNaCFNoC3ZaWBYRcLQFlo+wUHNsMqCiR16qFlA4QnNGUFw3QXhCc3dAc1Be3dLyNwlZAcpaVuEnI3KVkbuEnKLXSco9KTlCUl2KTlxdKybFKyXslZeqUk6pObYpGU2BVfM7JVfO7C9FY1MRtsEZgujxhMsCYjamo22+aYjCbjamompuJmU5E1Nwtwm4WpuNtk1GzCYY1MxtTEbUZoRgLBEa26IBYWUrfRSaFstxha5bLRCyyisUC26gRZRtZaIuhvCE4XugkWuhOHRBcMILwguG6XkAylXtS0oyUpI1KShJSjdJSjBuk5t0nMk5QlZBulJdkpJslJeqSmOCq+d26r5nKvnO69LYPdMMCPGMJiMJiIJmMJmMJqJt01ELJuEJuJucJyFvdORNTcLcpuJp7FMNexjfW9rfdxAUf2nQMNn1kFx2ff9ECfibS6dhPnPlPQRRk3+psEt/460mIj4tlXTxnHmPjuB87EldZRTRVMDJ6eRksEjQ5kjDdrgdiCmmNyjWAW2hSABuCpbYUgFq3dRO+CsIUeVaIUTcdlBywDCgd1B9rIJyhvbcFBIQntuguCA/qlnjKBI3qlZBulJRa6Sl6pOYYSU3VIy9UjL1Sku5Ssg3SkqUlSUp3SE7lXTO3VfO+wVdO42N16nGEwwJhgR4wmYgmY9kzEE3E1NRNTkQCbis0EuIDQLknokp9WJJZQtDv/qOGPoElJV6gTZ9bM09mWaPyWR1tUMPr5m26GQhYa1xFn1VQ4e8jrKbJ4Rki5Pc3RWSsLL+mxOAMIr5Y442ulfZzjytHuq7VC4skDWkkiwPRb8I+LjpXEUnDmqSFlLWv5qMvOIpesd+ztx7j3XusYvkG/wAkQA9lLYZUXTRMBMkkbfm4BJy61p8TrGpa49mAu/RKu4p01srYy6cvIuAIjlEbxJpbj65nx/64yB90Zut6UdtQph85AFJuq6e+/LX0ptv++b/dS/aNF/8AOU3/AN1v90eOWOUXikY8f8Lgf0WyM5UCCOyj0USENwFkNwQyMITm23QnBBeEB7UtILJeQJWQbpWUYSUw3SUwSMotdIzDdIy7pWQZSkgyUnMexSUxPdITOwq+d3dVs7vsFW1Dt1XTvwcr12MJiMJhgTDAmYwmYwmowm4gmoRlNAsjYXyODWNySeirKurdWHlYCKcZDervc/2WmRuOW2aB7brUz2si5ZMO2DibWXM8Rz/DD9499rXEgt6Vy2ncUSvrhRVb2udkskDvS+w/X2XS/HFzPQ71FoFgequjV+XqLGSSEMZGHbWue65uTiD47iyb94BBQQcwb3e42/QH7rp9F1aGZjn1JPqyfboAAg8UaCKyIvMbecjmby7gdM91rgfi2Splm0/UXyx1tMLebctbM0df9Q6/fuvQW6zzRNIqZ7DceYT/AFUv2mx7XCSXl7Xde6YingIw5rnWv7KTayCP/NsAdgBskRPT1dbUPBYDFGWt7knqFQ13EP7gFpa2QelzD0dsVTu15vnO+Jsw7G4wqvWeIad5LWx84BFiWWVs7VqFzmxPj5CdreyUqNWmp3EUpAb0c02/RPU3GepUTGuhr5W8u7S+4P0K6/QPFGKpp5YK6Nprm28tzfSyQdSexCu4uMm8zfMEFnbBpIVlBxLRyGzw5l+oyFaR1UEjQ5krCCp3a7Yg/VDO6HILoLghPCBILApZ+xSzxhKyD0nulZNklKkZdjdIzpCbqkpMXSsgyk5cEpKXZIzHdV1QcFV07lWVLt8qtnduQq2d2SvZ40xGMI8YTEYTMYTMYTUQTkQR3zRU0RklcA0fn7KrfNJqMl3+mFpwwH8z7p2OEMaDcWUaiTyxg39gFTVetNgm8moIYw4DiCL/ADuvPuLa+aCV8umVHPH/ABw7/O39ly7aqhraMt5XRV4vJHI3Fnj+itdJ4nbV0jBM4CWP8VzsR0TeqcWA1TyZSbsIGVx+i628a5Xvc6/nxj22P/VdxpeqFroGGQFhdzHPXou60ni+ITuppy1wbY3JV5PBRiqNZTlrYpmjzHNFwD3I6juq3XtM1WFpn0qUF1r+Xzel4t/Cei57TOIJmSPbWHkkZ6XsLhdp9wdlbHigiENFi0bE3/olo+LneYWOkFjtv/VJjil0VbcygNeLXXM6hrrxqk15j6vUgM12R0/PJMHMG45slC1DX2uLn8wx0Bwm28WNqfKvvbLgPZTn4jZ5IaHDm6G9kjNxO1os8A9zdLU+qV2oajTwaPBNU1b3EtiiHM5wAJNh8grdnFtRHIGTtkjezDg7BH0V9S8Yy2a5tTboAvRtC41LKGFtQWudbddJQ8UQT25yM9iugg1CPymETkF+wJvdOR1TngmzXD2wVgnY64J5T2Kg97f5m/dLyTRgfjb97pd0jT+EF30Sc9RyE/u3JR1Sw4ILfmEN9i30kH5JSYYSEwSEwSMw3SMvVKSpOU2ukJkhP1uq6oOCq2oduqypO6ragmxyq2Z2SvbGBMRo7ExGMpqMJmNNxKdTVx0kXNJ6nn8LBuVVPlmqJTLU/h/hA2aFY0jmEfuzjvdPNIawc/KB74/PZBqHiNhsWhhyQudraqlnlcJ+YsFw4bg/Ree8aQVLZny6MYnYvyhgY8DsbYcF5xUauCT5kQgq2GzsWB+YVZJXltU6WOw5/wAQbgXWP1Avy55KXbVubUCRpI6YV/purv8AOg53nkBF8q0Zr3lagXBwIJXWaHxlIy15bBp2v0XYQcZsMBZHUxxs6scLi/dvb5Lk+I9VpNVrRI8sMow2SPe3Z3cdiqGbiCWnDomPtH7BJTaxJIPQXk9ClJa2rm5fxAtNwrCi0XXtaqQaChq6p3La0MLnfoF2uk+B3HOoxiR2mikYdvipmxn7ZP5K0f8A4duMi3/N029thU//AMpL/wBP3HMBAZBSyDoWVbbD7rf/AJA8dOeB8NRtB/idWNsFYUf+G3iueQfGalpVOzv5jnn7Bq9n8KvCHSuBJzXvndqGsFhZ8Q5vK2MHcMb0v3Ofkuy13hTQdeaf2vpFHVOP8b4wH/8AMLH8159rPgTw7VB7tNqKuhkOWjmEjB9Dn81wvEPhhxXot30Pl6nTMzeAnnA/0HP2uuHl1HWKKrbFLG+B7DlkrS0/YrutH41ipZYmai+45RbP6LstM4op6mRojqGlpOPVY2XR6bNS8pPmcwJuLvujlrHyl55QzayPEYR6WEY6IzpoGNN3D7qsr54jC5zCLDfKQhna5tuvYhAle3mcW+n3CVkmIBxzAdQl3va8XCRmSE/XqkpMA3SkqQmO6RmI2SEzgbqtqHDOVWVBGVV1LsFVlQ69xuUm6nnk/wAuGV3+lhK9tjTDMBHYEzEEzEEzEMqVTVilHK0c0p2HQe5VcLue6WZxe87lHiqALtw4HojRsYLuhcWv3sbBTfqbqePkfYHaxwqarr4nRSEEsdt6MZ+Wy5ar1bLWNLTG0mxPpP8A1XMVVbUajVSiaTyYoxe17Bc0dKn4r4jbQ6axrXsabvPUBc7V6TVU2sSabIz/ANyyQxEDuntR4aqaJvrIJtcqjkaWOIO4WmOc03BRjOSbm90eKtLHXBcE7R1VXWTsp6KKeed+GxxtLnH5AL3/AMEeAtLhjk1Hj3T62pnlHLDROitHEP53HmBc49BsPc7esUvhb4ZaxOTTaeBKd4fiZGOH+0n9FfUnhDwHSs5Y+HKZ3vI97j+blc6bwNwtpjg6g4f0yJ42d8O1x+5uuhhiZCzliYyNv8rAGj8lMLVt1lloqKyyiRZRvYqDt7hVeuaFput0zodVo4ahh2Lm+pvyO4XkPGngq6eGR/D9WHEXcyCoNiD2D/7rwvUDrnC9c6l1Klq6OVhtyysLQbdQdj8wrWj8Q6qmi5buz13VjB4oagZreZ+6AzhWDfFSRjRy3ud7rY8SnTyMD5Dy7lW9PxtHK3m85haPwgu69yug4d1eTUTzk8sANnSfzewVnqmoxgnlNmhVv7VayLJ+h6KNHqF3tIN+Y2srhwjkbkBKPhj5jjCBJAws/CCkpqWIn8ASUtBEeiSk0qF17tP0KTl0aA3tz/dJyaFTG4cHn/cl3aDQA+qIn5uKj+yKGMYpYvmW3UPg4GX8uKNvyaFF8QttZWjEwxMRpmNMxjCnUTtpoC85ds0dyq+F/M8mR3M9xyfdTkPL6nEFm2PmovfYelt29Ck5K9oF2PJLcEE7Ksrtaf6mvPptm+y56v1RsYeGPs23Tvbsud+N5+Zzn8wH0v2SM9S5pETXE45iDsrHgOri0UO1GV7RLI51iTm1jdOaHqlBX8cwTTRsNnPmDnD+Lltb8kvx9q1O6pf5ViSNgvNJSZJT3JVpFos3woncMHYd0hURtjuLepeh+GnhbU8UwNra6SSnonf5YY27pPf2C+j+BfD7ROFaLloqUGZwvJI/LnfM9vbZWGvV0FG245Q22w6Li9Q1MPhEruZrh6mBpIIPQ36FejeDvHruI31ejajKJNSoo2ytlJzNETa5/wCJpsCetwe69OuFm6xYtHstLFFYVA/JQWlA9VzvF9NpuoaVNS6k6E2BdGHWLmuGxAK+Xte1PR2TS082lUUdVHdr+aBocD7rzjU62DznfDQtjF8huB9lWQVskjnxueA4bY3CNHHWONo3MOeoXUaHpbGlkuoz+jfy2Yv8yvQ9M4hpqSlENJytjbgNHRFm10TPvzNtb6BKvrHkfjLi5WOk1ZfVg83pBFvZdX8e0PYCcuUjVjmtfc7rZmuDm6A+QIDn3BsUAuFkF1u6WlAzlLuCDI24Sz2b5sl3sI3N09GUeNMM2TMQwjOmjgb+8OejRuVS19Y6WcOOANm32QYa5hJbIC0joUZtZJCHPA8xnsMpaXVA53PHcD+Ju2fZVdZPGxznREt5xkHF+q5zU9TAjcBgBotfobrlK6vL3G5ze5sUs+oBPo5rDv7JJ9S489jl+CfZAmq5JXshafQwWsFPS6l8Fe6oafwbIFZUTahUuLWveSdmi5T+hcP6pWVsflaZWytGbthdb72XotLwLxNqbomtpWUcAFueodY/8ouV2fA/hbp2iST1nETabU6pzh5V2nkZ/tO5+a9X0+tihjDQxsTW4bYWA9rJfWOIRTsJaWlmRdea6/xC+r5gSOQYBHQLm63XS2hfGHfjuHFxU/AvVXweLegGmJ/fySU8oB/ExzHfoQD9F9pC1gVnRYStXK0sWZWiokKJ2USLYQpZGxRue82a0XJK4/jSp1mq0uVuiP8Ah3EYcR6j/ZfKPGuucRafqElPqdTO2W9weY2K4TU9Tm1CqbLWSOfJy8gffPtfukjMC7llweh6FDkZyyNde3uE7S1b2YcduqsGVjrXY8n2U4a+YZLX3urilrZvTaRwG9lcUuqPe3kcev3V9o7+eTmbJ6Wix7XXVUNQKioOxDW/mnrNB3sgun5ZOXmQX1ZDiCouqfTYFaMvuhumz7KDpL3wgl3dCe8bdUJxveyWeb3uU5HcphgwpGpijwDzu7NWhUTPBILY2jtv90r8Qxsly6983VPqVUWycwtZpN7FRptRpphyyHlvserVuWpdBI0veeQ7SNGPl7FDrZ2zAcj8AZuLKh1OvbThw5Qex3XJatqD3OcMAXGypnSFzua615juU5wUtI/dDp3Bry4r0vwn4CbxR5tZWNkdQRScjYmYM79yL9Gjqva44ZuG4WxQcOiCjZgGmiDrAd+XKe0/iWkqXh7GxkbOB3ae3srOXWoH25Ay47BVNbqcTHBziL2Nj0uuP1ri0tY9sDweW49wuSn16eWxklvY91S6xrrxEGMLATi4K5atrZJhbmdb5r3L/CTwbNW8SVPFFXGfg9Pa6Gnc4fimeLEj/S0n6uC+sli1a+y0sWiFmVq6isUScZVRxDUsgo2B5t5kgaP1VLU6gGwE742C+c/HN0FdC2YNAqIpQ0nqQV4hVxO528rXENdYuAwPqpVEPPECBcJB7ixvI4kt6HsiQTHZ5Fx+abjc9redgcG97Gycp6wggPBPuFZRVDHNuHC6boXSzzNZA3mde3su7omGipY4y7mltc2GAmqSeSKYu8yzTv7pmo1BzSP3the10EVheSTMMJmkq2yh5LxjCncuyHKXM/pssbMeazgfmsMqj5lyblCdKL7IL5m7BLufe/ZGdqTbltMznP8AMcBa5pZv86QhvUDATTCyNuPot8/MDbrvZV4YS7lvbcfmgVVC4l1yfULXXNytmoqoh7Wluxubp9lZyxGN59Lrbm4KrNQqHRtcYzeI9L5b/dc1XVQe6webBU9ZIXPfm/ZLA4Ky/oS0hyVBzr9F9K8E1rNA4U02lpZAD5TXSOGLuIDj+ZT1TxzqETiIa17AOnMuK4j1eaLVG1ccreaoaHPtsSsi4nfHFl9nexVdqHFTpG2Jy03XO1mtC5ub8w6FVkupyFnKwkG26UIe4GSZ4a3u4r1zwH8LaHj90tdXavAygpX8slJTvBqXn3B/Aw/zZv0svsLQ9KodE0yn07SqWOloqdvLHFGLAD+pO5JyU8tdVsmxWiVpYs6KB3WisUXBcD4vVNVR6NRS0rQWmoEbj2LhYFc9p9ZHFFJDV1Ilexou5otlcdW0XCescSU54m811IA4lrJSxrnAXHNbJ7WCouJ9DruOTBpmjabDpPC9I8vp6SmjDS9xx5kjuriP+yk2f4f68i8WoMgbbLJGlyC3/D/Man/4jrMbYL7QRXef+Y2C7XSvDDhThymEsdJDVVLbASVR8xxPexwPoFZajVaHSaHUwyRU9bI5hb5TmNbGPkvmTiOlgp9Yl/Z7S2mkAkawm/Jf+FZRU4eQZRjsux0QxQgMjj9Q2sFfMc0D1Yvv3KSqp3unMbMAtuCqWqkm83l53OaiUspBs4usFZwSDl5mktun6SaTl7qxjqbNF1M1LLYQZKhp2tsl31Ba30ndLSVLhuQgmpt1BQ5KoAb5KsIeVjBYBY+pa0dlGOqL3WBTkTvQe9lCEg1Its4Jmri5oCHXPUfNVMlMyqpJCByubgjuudmj8iYMfloOVV64RHBI5pPLfBXHPlJlyTZDlOSbqG9lF7ugCWd+L3Wj7r03R6/UXcOU0743vhY0NL2jmtbFyBkYAyq2r1kyOvHI13X03Kra3VJp2hr+b04BIIS/xstgMqMksj973QXNAHNM8MaO5S0tcyO4p23P87v6BJPkknfeRznn36Ls/DvUtT4W1yl1rSJ3Q1FO69r+mRv8THDq07W+vRfoLoGpw6zolBqdMCIayBk7Be9g4A2+myft1W1E5WDK0sWWWlq2FFaO2FXa1pdPrGmz0NazmhlGbHIIyCPcFfOXijpGs8KakfKbLUUUw9E7WmxPY22K46DS9Ypp9P1XXaWaGimcTTslHK6Tltc8pyBnruvU9N4whhga2DlYALYTVVx21kR5ZAT3XEaz4hkTPa6V13DouP1LjepkaTG97ndM7LnJdUrKlpc8y8p6k2AUafS2lrXyOLn2tfunWUcdgLWHVXNKIaGlL2OFz0QJNR8x4c83aOgSldqoYWBtuaxGOypn1sj3ucStx1jiQL7q5i1BjWhvQCybj1NrR6ThT/arergtP1MHZ1ghftRo6/dDk1X04cl3ahe93KBrQTdxyhurbi11ffFusOxQHzlzuUZ90ancSW23V1SxvfghH8kNc138punj1FwMdVR0f7jW5aZ7vS9npFtzuFzmvQyU8z5WWLWuIIJyLlcvrc5+DDYsi9y09Fy4kHNdwUXytccFRMjAOpQnPc/2C0AB7qJF8ldzwdxT+zqZsBeRy4sTZVPFNZ8Vq8s1O5rGut/lDlH5Kr5KiUX55Hf7il/MmYbGR4+ZWedMd5X/AHQy0k3JufdYI8ZTtDC0k3HRXlPI6OG4uLr7o8Eop4fCjhhlUCJfg2usdwCSW/kQu2BKxZhasstlZZaWWWlErSg7cobgCMgH5rkfEzhBvGGhfDMlENdC7zKeV2wd1B9ivmTijhbiXheOR+rU0sFI11vPBDoyfZwXIR67UVEvkUDJ6uU4DY4yUtqGlcSyNdNJpckTRkmXB+yqhptVNG74yoLCP4BhMU9W+Fvw0ji5rBygneyutOq7ACT6pqSqbfGUk+okdte3ZH03TdS1WbydPpZqiQ9I2kgfM7BdtS+E+ovp2SVddTRTkZZYu5fa/VAqvC7UYmHyaqkl9rlv6hc7X8G6xROPmUMpaP4oxzD8lUvpJYSWysc0j+YWUAHgYvhCe+QXQnTSAYKA+ofnJQ3VThsofGPHVDfWv3uVEVrhucLuYwTdxz7lN09O6QG17nCu6CgbFE0kXf1VrGGsJtuslF22v+IITpmiBrrerY/RUHEL/JdDWRPcJIiLn2/7CT12WOoonyFjnCRnMHNGVwdTTVRi5nQvMXR2/wB1RPic6UgtIF+oQKiExutYrIYOY+6Y+FIacXQnxEHltkpim02prZo4KKB8srsNa0XJXX0fhtVOpmOrayOkncfTG6Iuv9VVa1w7X6VI1skQnYMc8IJH2sg09bCyLkLQ1zcEWylapsM5Lmj1FJOpiL2Wm0zugKI2lcelkeKCQGzQvT/B3w01LjnVY/MjfDocDgaqqIsCB/Azu47Y23K+3aSCOlpoqenYI4YmBkbG7NaBYD7BFssysK18lsbLSwrXRaWiFrqoEYQnKJwF4f8A4jRLUVGi00pc3TyHvdbYvuB+n6rzrTK+g4f8uSjijL9yQMqPEnGnxsZZFHzGTGVy8fD+t1rXzUGj1bufPmMgcQPlhMaR4ScWzNb5mkSsLiXB0rmtwe9zuuv0/wAFNZdymsrKKmbbIDjIfyC6ah8HNKgsa+vq6hw6MAjH9Sr2j4A4aoLGPTWSuH8U7i/8jhXLIoqeLy6aKOKMbNjaGj7BKzbJGUpOVxF7bpCqZHMCJoo5B2e0FUNZoWkz3L6CJpPVnp/RUlXwhpkl/KkniPzDh+apqrgq1zBXNPYPZb9FUVPCVZGTyeTJ8nW/VVFVodbEDzUslu7c/oquakkYbPY5p922Sro0F8Z6L1SipC61zj5K6poGx/NNNIAyVp0oBuhVNWIvJd0LuVVtXXsbJLAHAE3cLdVyutalz0L2FwN2kfZJ6XVyTaDHZxIaCw3PZX+gUbanTzFNYBx5iVzutUEUWsRQwNPLfBVXrmnmPlfb1OdyjCrPJ+GLw7+E2R6QF7XuO3ut0NG6qrD6CYxuV2fB8sdHqT3NIY4AC47L0PUdRimjpGsc0vL+b3wP+q63RNDpKoD4ixNsrkuOuDtCqZHtMDWvAs2Vnpdf+q8c1jhWehmc2nq+ZozyyDI+qoZ4q+D8TQR3AugNrKmPDmtPzC9t8GvCyk8SOGqqvZrUmn11LUeRNAaYSNsQHNcDzA5F/qF7zwj4GcJaJHG6ugk1iqblz6o2jv7RjH3uvTqSmgo6eOnpIYoIIxysjiaGtaOwAwEwsWLVsFYOq2PyWicrFE3WXWrKJWnbIVt1FUnE2g0HEWnPotUh8yIm7SDZzD3B6FeYVnghRvkJg1iZsd9nwhxA+dwuq4V8PNA4aLZaelFVWAZqagBzv9o2b9F1D8YFwPZLyJWQpWXdKS7pOY4SMxSU3VJS7FJypKZIypOQ5SUxwe6QmJyq2pHNe4v8wqWsp4nXvEy/yVNU0cNzZlvkV6LTuDQjGpHQhRbOdrrU1QxkTnOcAQud13VwKEOa8EtcuZ1bVSamGZrs3v8AQqpralzw4E33Vlwg9z9PqYiQWxvvn3Xc6G7ytOMrnBovZU81TFLqzSwW5Tcnqq/iKqjlqYG7lr7lc/qNQJZ5Y4mj94QmNPohHM0PPON7dF0NM5rWyu5QC4AbWXNa1VyU2pw/Dvcxw3sdwu10GthEEMktZ5zyMnblztboV6HScVw00VmvuSAQVQ6hr7Kp455OVpcSbnNrlc/rVZDMxzmEHmtnsuWmqGseWFocLnJVVXU7ZZWiIAEi5C+pP8HmmVFHwrr1XM3liqaxjI8b8jPUf/yAX0CFtbatrOixYst7rRC1havhYolaUXHFkMlQOyE7qhOwEByA/qlpTkpWQ7pWV3ZKSHdJynBSUpykpjkpKXZJypSTdIzDdJyjdJTDJCRmGTZV9Q3dVdS3JuqqpbkrpjUhr7BbEhLuYHHYqM1SIbm/Rc9qOpyOe5rHYIXNVNU91E9hObqtlkL4W33Asol5e253V3we4hla1py4iy67VJXUukxQtdu25XFyVb4383Mbpeeoc8mSQklR09/JIZ3j8O110HDcfnxmWTNrlHqJHPn8pmGjJvsFTVNKJtZib+JwF3FC1KKXTqrzIHkB2bdFOLWeYNa8ugdsCDdn9wmWCrqRzMeHt7tcER1PVBgBdf2vdKuilAcH7r0jwu8I9b4vqY6mZj6HSRbmq5mn1DtG0/iPvt3K+weGdEoeHNEpdK0qMx0lM3laCbuJ3LiepJySrRqldbBWwbLL5W1i1daWlonCw7KK0TZDJuolQecWCCUKQ9EB7ku890s87paQ5KUlOClZNikpTkpOQ5SMzt0pKcJSU7pOTqlJeqTlScwuUlM3dV0zcGyragXKq6hu6bheXSG5R5KkQsPyVPUVpka4XVHNUcuepVTLL+Nt9ygA49ljDuFccLTshfUFxANwQrDW9WdVO5Wk2GFR/idcqFQC4W6fqpu9MBFsq20OaRlFj0tGL91J9YGvYyPqbuPdS02Vn7R8+QXwSg6w81lS3lFwc/JV81A98T3MBxsux4D4I1Hi+piptMpy+4BkldhkQ7ud/Tcr6S0XwN4WpqGmbqXxdbVsb+8mbMY2yH/SNh9V22n8CcK0ccUcHD+m/ussdJCJHX7lzrk/VdSyzQAAAALADopsJuitOFu+MKV8LAVtZe6xautcy0T7qPOFHnuol9hhR597qBf73WvMUC5DLh3QXnKA8oEhwUs82vdKyHBSkh3SkrrApKQ7pObqkZSlJHbpWQ7pWQ7pSV1spOQpSR2bJSVIzjdVlQ3fCrahoygicRNJJyUjW1hc1xuqg1BEZyq6SYuJJSpOSsHZbYwlwsL3T9Lp9UwecKebyJCQ2XkPK4jcA7XVmOHdVexkvwNV5T/wO8p1nfI2VueAeIWacKs6ZUeWckct3W78u/5JGl4S1qvm5KXSq2QN3Igdb8wgV/D+rQSGF+m1kZBsS+Bwv+SsaDhrWX0gEGl172d207z/AEVlpvhrxVXyCSPRapjCbB0oEePe9l2ukeBmsS8vx1bQ0rD+KxMrrfIAD816BpXgnw1ThprZa2scAOa7xG0/Rovb6rvIuEeHBRw0p0LTXQRANY11O02HzOT9Ve6dSUtDAIKKmhp4RtHCwMb9gn43AIzSitftdEa77KQfbZYH2UhJlSEndb8wLOcLXOtF6iX/ACQzJbdQL1AyYwQhulsN0J09kM1NhuFE1WN1r4m+5UfiB3UTODdDdKO6A+Qd0tI/dKySbpWV4Scr0nI/fKUlfkpGR6UkdulJH2vlKyPwlJHb3KUlcLJSV+6TleMpKaQC+VXzSAhV1S8EEBc9PVXda+ySnmcQQThV8spsQCgX3WgnNN0+p1GsjpqKF808hs1jBcle08GeHNFpbG1GuNirKwjEJHNFH/8AsfyXolOWRwtiiYxkLBZsbWgNb8gnI53fzO+6YikO98puKUndxKbilNh6jb5puOV38x+6Yjf3TMTrpljkxG4pmN6M16MyS3yRGvvsicxWeZbqsMvuteae4Wed7hYKjGStioHdbEw9lhnHcKBnHdDM19kN0vuhukQ3SIL5N7pWWQ3S8k7m7EoJrSMErXx2Mlb+NuN1o1gtuhurPdBfWDvdAfVt/wCyl31I6FKS1AucpOWfBScs+Tn6JOScZulZZhY5Skk10rJLe6UlmAvdJzVG/ZIzVIF8pCar3sVXz1e+UjNVjukZ6nBIK5t8oHulZZbn3S7jdbaLqy0fS6nVa6Kko4zJNIbAdB3J7AL3jg7hqk4Zo+WK0tbILTTkZP8Awt7N/VdGx9zlHjdlMxnKZjKaidYpqNyaiem43JmN6ajf3TEb0djyjsdhEbIpiQd1LzfdaMncqJlQ3Tb5QzNbqtCo91IVHupef7rDPjBWCW+xWjJ7rRfcLLgrN+qG5pKC+MpWaI2N1XTs3VdNzN2JSzp3NGVA1jh1UHVx7oTq+10E11/4kF1bg+pAkrL3S0tXfqlJavfKUlqt8pV9XvlKvq7ndKyVeTlJTVQzcpGerwcqvnqsHIVfPUmxyq+aoNjlIS1JsclKyTuzlVUhOcoPVbRYQLr2PwhpYWaLVVTY2iodL5Zk68tgbLvGorEwwpmI7JpmEeMpuHZMxlNwkppm6YYUywo7CUZpN1IE5UgT3Um7KFznKi4nOVBxPdAcTnKjc91IE2RGHC2tgkhSad1JqkxTCwqLgl5gLFVtSBdVdSBcqsqOqRl2SshPdLvJ7pdzjc5QC91zkoJc49SgyONtyl5nENJvlJucTuUnI45ylZHutuUs9xtuUpM423SMziCcpCYm+/VJzE5SMxNyk5TlBK//2Q==
