##Before Zhong Nanshan spoke, the doctor in Wuhan alerted nearby schools to the outbreak

Wechat, bingdianweekly

Features, China Youth Daily's in depth reporting brand. We believe that news has more than one day of life.

At 3pm on January 28, a reporter from the China Youth Daily China Youth Net visited the infusion room of the Fifth Hospital of Wuhan.

About 4,534 words

Estimated reading time: 12 minutes

China Youth Daily, China Youth Daily, Wang Jiaxing

That's the story of a doctor on the front lines of the fight against the new pneumonia. She went through the initial panic at her hospital, and the most extraordinary New Year's Eve in her 31 years of practice. In her story, we can see the harsh truth of that special period, but also see the first-line medical staff to uphold professional responsibility. It's all worth remembering. With her consent, we released her real name: Lu Xiaohong, director of the Department of gastroenterology at Wuhan Fifth Hospital. I wish her and her colleagues health and safety, and I wish the hospital's order and security on the right track as soon as possible.

She said she had heard of a suspected infection among health workers on 25 December 2019;

On January 2,2020, she suggested setting up a fever clinic

Since January 6, her hospital has received many suspected cases;

On January 20, she sent a text message to the principal of a nearby high school to give senior 3 students who had planned to make up lessons a holiday

She added that the video of the doctor wailing in his office on New Year's Eve was real. Her colleague, a 70-something-year-old director, sent a text message saying she would be available to cover if needed.

1

Around December 25,2019, I heard about health care workers in two hospitals in Wuhan who were being quarantined with viral pneumonia of unknown origin, including medical personnel from the smoking department. I knew right then that it wasn't going to be easy.

Internal Medicine, especially smoking, can't afford not to know how to viral pneumonia. They are among the most cautious and protective of the medical staff. Even they're infected, which means it's probably highly contagious.

Viral pneumonia, but I found out from my colleagues that this virus is not the same, some people do not cough, no fever, normal symptoms are good, but the lung CT film is very bad. At that time, I asked my colleagues to pay attention and joked about whether it was time to buy a mask.

The more I thought about it, the more I felt it wasn't right. On the afternoon of January 2,2020, when I attended the hospital debriefing meeting, I couldn't help but make suggestions with the hospital leaders as to whether or not we should officially open the fever clinic and establish a standard quarantine and guidance procedure. It was flu season, and the E.R. was so stressful. The leader agreed on the spot.

Previously, fever clinics were attached to infection clinics, where patients were more likely to cross-infect one another. As far as I know, there are many hospitals in Wuhan that do not operate fever clinics alone, because fever clinics and infection clinics are not profitable. The next afternoon, the hospital received a superior request, not only to set up fever clinic, but also to open a fever ward, admitted patients with unexplained pneumonia.

January 28,3:00 PM, out-patient hall, Wuhan Fifth Hospital

Our Hospital is not an infectious disease hospital, and does not have the isolation conditions, was vacated a floor, overnight renovation do quarantine processing. Around January 6, we received referrals of two or three suspected cases of infection and one multiple suspected case of familial aggregation.

In fact, since January 6, our outpatient and emergency departments have been flooded with suspected cases, and by January 10, we were out of emergency rooms; the smoking ward was full, and I estimate that two thirds of them were viral pneumonia, to avoid cross contamination, non viral pneumonia are no longer sent to the smoking ward. In addition, there are many patients with fever of unknown origin into the Department of Gastroenterology, nephrology, cardiovascular department.

Since January 10th, suspected patients have been admitted to other wards. But in the meantime, only the health care workers in the fever ward wear protective clothing, as they do now, and other departments, including the respiratory department, only wear white lab coats and general medical masks. In hindsight, it could have been the lack of protection, coupled with the fact that these patients were able to move around, that led to the spread of the disease. Later, disease control departments around the release of the news shows that many later confirmed patients, are around January 10 in Wuhan activities.

But at the time, the patient, the medical staff and even the medical profession, did not consider this a serious matter, did not expect a blowout like explosion.

Around January 18, when I heard that the staff at the Wuhan Union Hospital had started wearing protective clothing and that a building had been set aside for feverish patients, I realized that the situation could be serious. I'd urge people not to travel, suggest zoning, and have electronic meetings, but nobody would take it seriously.

The medics are trying to keep order

On Monday, Jan. 20, at 7 a.m. , I sent a text message to the principal of a nearby high school, informing him that things weren't working and that it was time to take a vacation. The students in the senior year of high school had planned to make up for lost time. The principal took my advice and immediately had a holiday.

That night, CCTV broadcast an interview with Zhong Nanshan, and we became convinced that the virus could be passed from person to person. I realized we were underestimating our enemy.

2

In fact, I know this disease is not earlier than everyone, I also confirmed the information from the news.

We started viral pneumonia training on Jan. 3, but no one said it was new. We just said, this pneumonia may be different from before, but we didn't know it was COVID-19 at that time.

We've been running low on supplies, and we have less than 100 suits in stock. On January 21, we were told to clear the hospital by 6 p.m. on the 23rd to accommodate only patients with fever.

I have been involved in SARS in 2003, bird flu in 2009, influenza a epidemic in 2012, have experience in the prevention and treatment of respiratory infectious diseases, so I also participated in the transformation of hospital wards.

We are really too short of equipment, usually every winter flu season, cardiac monitors, breathing machines, oxygen meter is very nervous, now more not enough. We don't even have enough hooks for an IV.

At 5:30 pm on the 22nd, our boss suddenly asked us to meet him in advance. But at this time, the contaminated area, semi-contaminated area, clean area are only designed, the entire system has not had time to debug. Also, we don't have protective clothing, N95 masks or goggles.

I turned down the leadership pretty hard. I said, do not work until the protective equipment is in place, otherwise it is tantamount to "streaking" in front of the virus. Later, a matron helped us borrow seven suits from other departments before we started working, but there were still no N95 masks and we had to wear double or triple surgical masks. It's not supposed to be standard, but there's nothing we can do.

After the initial visit, the crowd surged toward the clinic. The whole clinic is a vegetable market. Patients bickered with one another, many with family members, some videotaping, blaming us for not being in quarantine, thinking we were the ones who got infected.

The Emergency Department transferred 10 people into the infusion, but everyone asked to give themselves first, this batch is not finished processing, the next batch came again. All night long, the nurses kept giving shots, one of which allowed the patient to find a chair with an IV. As a result, some of the patients were still dissatisfied, swearing and asking the nurses to take them to their seats.

Because the goggles are a little foggy, the nurse has to take them off for the injection. Nurses are supposed to wear masks so they can see. But we still don't have masks.

By the next day, the clinic was so crowded, there wasn't even room to stand, how much cross-infection could there be. The hospital doesn't have the power to maintain order, and these patients are walking around. Rough stats, 4 hours for a consult, 4 hours for a pulmonary C.T. , and I'm terrified of a meltdown. Some of the patients were really poor, some were very serious, and their families cried for help, but we had no beds and could not be admitted.

One of the doctors told me that almost all she had received that day were "viral lungs" . On the C.T. , the lungs look like cotton wool, and the youngest is only 30. But we just don't have the resources. By the time they get home from their shots, there'll be more infections.

CT SCAN of a suspected patient's lungs, almost all of them "white" 

I later learned that on the night of January 22, two-thirds of my patients had been seen at another hospital. But many hospitals have no fever patients, guide patients to our designated hospitals for treatment. There is also designated hospital January 22 evening received a superior to start early consultation request, but was not prepared to be fully rejected by the hospital leadership.

A lot of doctors aren't ready, haven't had infectious diseases, haven't had the experience. For example, a surgeon in a very good hospital in Wuhan did not take it seriously when he came into contact with such patients. He even went to the internal medicine department and Emergency Department of the hospital. He did not inform his colleagues when he became ill, and the others all infected with him. Not even the doctor was on his guard. The whole situation was a passive attack.

3

On January 21, when we received the hospital to be designated as a hospital for patients with fever, a doctor said that the child is still very young, he was very scared, want to resign. I understand her. I'm scared, too. But for her own professional advancement, I convinced her to stick with it. I said, I can authorize you to resign, but this will leave a "stain" on your future to any unit, you will be regarded as a "deserter.

She did not resign and went through the hospital's most chaotic scene on the night of January 22nd as a first-line doctor. But when she returned home the next morning, she began to show signs of infection. After returning to the hospital for examination, she was considered a suspected patient but had not been diagnosed because there was no kit.

I told her to go home and get some rest, but she said, "chief, let me check somewhere. If not, I want to come back and fight with us. " I thought, if she recovers, it's just a shame; she's in her 20s, and if something happens, how am I going to survive as her chief? How can I pay for this family? A daughter, a mother.

This thing makes me very sad, I am afraid of affecting morale, a person hid outside crying for a long time.

We have a doctor, the child is only 7 and a half months, could have been home for the New Year. But after the outbreak, she forcibly cut off her baby's breast milk. Another doctor, a relative with two children back home, and her husband, also a doctor, had been on the front line. One night the staff was so short that she stayed on the line all night. Considering her health, I didn't schedule her for the next day. And then when she saw the schedule, she came to me, said she was on call, and she was gonna go to work the way she was supposed to.

I also received a text from a retired director in his 70s who said he would be available to cover if needed. We don't ask for praise, we ask for the patient's safety, we ask for our own safety. It's not a fancy word. It's a doctor's basic ethics.

To tell the truth, no one here is not afraid, not afraid is all fake. We know it's a big contaminated area, but it's all on the line. We chose to live together in the hotel, stay in the hospital, just want to be able to each other courage, comfort each other.

For the last two weeks, I've only been able to sleep two or three hours a day, because there's so much to coordinate. As soon as I hear from the doctors and nurses on my phone, I just want them to know that even if I'm not at the hospital, I'm with them.

Many people are afraid of infecting their families, and in order to be on call, they stay in hotels arranged by hospitals. But the hospital canteen only provides food to the staff on duty, in the hotel rest of the medical staff to eat some instant noodles and snacks. My home is near the hospital, after work free time, will cook to them.

Because I was a high risk group, I let my son live out, but my relatives would not let him go to their home, because of fear of being infected. But my son also can not cook, every day under a little noodles, or instant noodles to eat. New Year's Eve, I call my relatives, let her cook a dish, put it in the son's downstairs, the son went down to get, at least let him big New Year's can eat a good meal. I cook at home for my doctor to eat, but no one to cook for my son to eat, you say my heart does not hurt?

4

On New Year's Eve, several videos of doctors breaking down and crying in their offices were circulating on the Internet. It's true. One of the doctors in the video is from our hospital. In another video, the male doctor who made the emotional phone call is also from our hospital. In fact, doctors in every department have cried so many times because they were so stressed out and tired.

Death brings tears to my eyes. I had a patient whose lungs were completely fibrotic, and I watched her sats drop from 80 to 70,60, and dropping. She took your hand and said, "doctor, please help me. ". How do you think a doctor would take this.

We're willing to risk our lives, but basic security needs to be addressed. After taking off the protective clothing, everyone was covered in sweat, but the hospital only had hot water for two hours, and once the time was missed, there was no way to take a bath. The hotel arranged by the hospital, only two rooms for a section, not enough to sleep at all, only a bed to squeeze two people.

Some medical staff do not have protective clothing, N95 masks, can only wear isolation clothing, wearing multi-layer masks

There are so many patients, we can't always be at peace, but we must want to keep them alive. Everyone's fighting for their lives. One of them, emergency physician, begged the equipment department for an additional suction machine, since the previous one had been brought together in the ICU after resuscitation.

Too many patients, too much chaos. I have suggested that efficiency can be improved by ticking off patients on a questionnaire, setting up several sets of prescriptions for doctors to tick off; that outpatient clinics have two doors, with one designated for entry and one for exit, like security checks; and that fevers are divided into two zones, one area is light on heat, the other is high on heat. But everyone had already given up their day off to take the top spot, and it was too late to be taken up. I understand.

It's been a lot easier these last few days. The city's new pneumonia prevention and control headquarters arranged classified diagnosis and treatment, and some Febrile citizens went to the community health service center for screening. The number of outpatient visits in the hospital has decreased somewhat compared with the previous few days. At 3 p.m. on Jan. 28, patients were seen and CT scans were taken for an hour or two each, but fluids were still needed for three or four hours. Now security, cleaning staff also put on the blue isolation suit, the hospital in good order. But we still do not know, N95 mask is still short, do not know whether the material behind can keep up.

I started as a doctor at 21, became one of the hospital's youngest directors at 34 and will be 52 this year. I sincerely hope not to have such an experience, hope that in the future hospital management can be better, infectious disease prevention and control can be better.

One day before work, I told my colleagues, we're going to war, we're going to take care of ourselves, we're going to fight our way out, and we're going to survive. When the outbreak is over, we'll go abroad together, and I'll pay for it myself.

I said, as long as I'm alive, it counts.

Mu Hongju contributed research

This article was independently produced by China Youth Daily, first posted on the China Youth Daily Client and headline number, and added to the tree project.

Ps: WE ARE LOOKING FOR AN INTERVIEW!

Whether you are in Hubei or other areas, whether you are in the city or in the countryside, as long as you are the health care workers, patients, patients'families, civil servants, medical protection equipment manufacturers who are fighting the epidemic... as long as you have noticed and learned some clues and situations that are important for us to deal with the epidemic, please contact us.
Please let the information flow, not "quarantine" !
The reporter's contact telephone number is as follows (wechat same number, the reporter may be interviewing, can add wechat first) :
China Youth Daily 17610570707
China Youth Daily reporter Geng Xueqing 18311290198
China Youth Daily 18610675921
China Youth Daily reporter Li Qiang 18510412824
By China Youth Daily reporter Wan Haiyue 13552495478
China Youth Daily reporter Wei Xi 13011108295
China Youth Daily reporter Liu Yan 18513956326
Email: wuhanstory@126. COM (please indicate contact information)

China Youth Daily Presents

Editor of Wechat | Chen Yinan

If you think it looks good, click here

Go to "discover"-"take a look" browse "friends watching"

Sent

####Send it to take a look

Sending

A scan of wechat
Pay attention to the account


-------------
title: Before Zhong Nanshan spoke, the doctor in Wuhan alerted nearby schools to the outbreak
source: FREEZING POINT
authors: _
editors: _
proofreader: _
photographer: _
translator: _
via: https://github.com/2019ncovmemory/nCovMemory
link: https://mp.weixin.qq.com/s/IzzCnz4Yr2jEIYZePiu_ow
archive: https://archive.ph/lvZhv
snapshot: https://github.com/2019ncovmemory/nCovMemory/blob/master/archive/jpg/345.jpg
lead: "As long as I'm alive, it counts. "
cover: data:image/jpeg;base64,/9j/4AAQSkZJRgABAQAAAQABAAD/2wBDAAYEBQYFBAYGBQYHBwYIChAKCgkJChQODwwQFxQYGBcUFhYaHSUfGhsjHBYWICwgIyYnKSopGR8tMC0oMCUoKSj/2wBDAQcHBwoIChMKChMoGhYaKCgoKCgoKCgoKCgoKCgoKCgoKCgoKCgoKCgoKCgoKCgoKCgoKCgoKCgoKCgoKCgoKCj/wAARCADMAeADASIAAhEBAxEB/8QAHAAAAgMBAQEBAAAAAAAAAAAAAwQCBQYHAQAI/8QAOhAAAQMDAgMGBAQGAwEAAwAAAQIDEQAEIRIxBUFRBhMiYXGBMpGh8BSxwdEHFSNC4fEzUmIkU3KS/8QAGwEAAgMBAQEAAAAAAAAAAAAAAQIAAwQFBgf/xAAnEQACAgICAgMBAAIDAQAAAAAAAQIRAyEEEgUxEyJBMhQjBjNCUf/aAAwDAQACEQMRAD8A6FxZwtcMuljENn8qxnDU6GtpGlM8+X+a1XaNzu+D3JndMD1msso/h7F1aBlCSoZjbas0maj3hT7TzKUNuJC1eMAkSoKJUnHPFM34cbtHykELS2op9eVVNk2tzjtpbKbQkIaAbUkwopAkQRv6dBmRULG6fftSlQcNmlSAVL8bmViI2O4k9ZMAVcsKSspctmW4y2LjiNzCAEpOlKFHfSdI5eUx51VltxkHSoxt6n0rXcQ4K826pbC1KSEF51Lip0Z2CtlkydoIjnM1UPMKDhDrSkODJSsQQTn9q7PHyrqkUTW7KhKkKCgqEmOeB9zXjanGHitlxTaxKQttUGCORHt8qeu7GG9I+FWAeYpBRW0CVokEkn1NamlJUytJmx4L24WhJY400lxhZBDiEDweED4eggfDmZOdq3vD2rXQXrF5LrK8ApXrAztP6cq4sylDiABGhPI09w6+4hwlwL4dcrQJKijVKFeRTt9KxZ+O2qgxVGPbs1s7OMx0P5V40wy2txxDTaXHIK1BIBURtJ54J+dZ3st2ot+MuC3cQWb8BSi2kEoUlIkqB5elaeIJB3FcKcHCTTNt2tF72eTLbyjsVADHv+tXSdoqs4EkCzJG5Uf2/SrNO1FeiI9r6vq+ogIqoZoqhNDWMVA+gSt6XfGfWjqIobokGmsgg4N6RWM1YODG1KupwaUllc+nBNIvDxTFWL+2KRe+GoFFc4nKqCob026mcil1JmogWKKwYgyaWXGeR2xzol++i3b1uEhOAaCw82+hK0GUmd+XL79agEL3TZWCoYI2pRPeFX9snfEVZrEgj3pK5SQErQCR/cBz9qgx4hagYJTPpXkraWRjQozHQ1NCZgg84rxxOpIExPQ1CHqFuRmBFGStRGI96A2D8KjsIE8xmiowKJAzSlzvNETJGd6XTI546iipVjE0CBEqg4nSMZpm3ZcuHA0wha3CYCUJKifYU5wHhjl/cBBAQ0FeNw7DaYO0iQYroVpecN4Y2hu0YaaKVae80gq1esTMHl1+bJCtnPnuz/FlMJWizuQQebSgflFLP211bKCblpbROwcbKSfnXYv541pLL77aHFbFTg8Q5R9dqob0qQ8CtDd9akFCm3wFqSOgJzzJp6Fs5ygkYJGr0rwqUkGNuvSr/tBwVFkov2RUuzXlMmVIPMHqPM1QuggKA5UnoZbAlRM5G0SK+KlDnvQHXUoErIA67VFi6ZdCu6cQsJwSlQMUB0MBaojBPyrzVJznlXyM5O9RUAQRBPTNADIvBai0kRE86n485AmhKMOoBEBO+aKV4BO+xopkPEqX/wCSTXqlKIyR1kzXiDqnTBjqIr0yAZipZCKUuR/aKkUriJSOs1EqznevdZVIOYG9RMh9C9MeE0JRc3lsR5E+v+PKiak/PeoEgCRz2o2QXulO6FGUAATsaFw9JQwnUJKjqJPvH36dKncGVpQkTJzRh4RiQfOgyEirw7DbevkqVvtziKgCCJn2mpa/CSnfeoiFv2etTdX+tYhtkax5q5fpVr2ovF2tkm3YJC3jCik5CBn58vnXvB0I4bwhTrxUBBccPX7/AFrJ3t45f3in3CSpWAjcJTuAPvnzosBo+2Dob4alKjCVLTJ6ZqhYeZuGFoSQtK5GDFbG8tWrpGh5OpP3zrM33ZNaSt3hrwSsD4VfvNCSLLK5VotCkkpFwlKwAVq0rbRvOrmRvUeEOuWN0WVJ7wukOKU6dCgslQJAzqTBGJ3joa+/FXfDnSjiVspUf9cH12zzptu4s+IslLbgcBn+mfCqdiQOo6jaopNKhXGywSB/cJ5EEUpecNYfSnUgaEz4D15aDujltg9K9bQtj/id1ICQA24ZzzOrfP6UZFyCoIcCmXVHwheArnCTzqv5JRdpi9aMtccDfZLfd6VFSSSFEAJUdkBWyoHMxkedVS0NrTocSFacEH3/AF/OukIAUFBYOeRqrd7O2rtwhzSdKZUUFRz5ahkCuhg8g1qQsoI509w8tEqtyI3IHr0oQdS4NJJCx1/etfe8BuGCnQoLWT8JhOoyfhVOknbGDVHdcP8A6im1oKHUxqBlKh5EHPTpvXWw8nHkWmZ5Rosf4bNMq7Q3DilHvWrdSmxmD4kpP0P3FdQRtWC/hi2Uniq1NSC42Euc8BepP1Sa3rQATG45VwuW18rNEP5NZwpITYsQI1JmPc/nTooDAKG0JUPEEgflR07VQhrPa+r6vpjeiA8UQlJJ2FZzivH0ofVb2oClJOlS5iFDkKu799LFk+6o6QlBMxOeX1iuQ3N64wvwyFk5nJqIJs+H8bW9xFLXeqDiVLhMCFQkwJOBsflV72avE3duG3wFaXikr67q/KPYVzdCLta/x4YJSlQlUAg/PlgfYqx4V2htrbiKC4h3/kC1ADYgHMn1jrTpMB0Z3hynbZL1uJCtkeQnb5fWqR4EKUDuMVdcA442bW21OBwJnxR1J+u1D4vbpcsmr5pWpClEKgYGSR+1ShbM2+nFIPDBqzdSYzmkHhvSjiKxApVWxptznSqhk0EIZ3tIo90EkCCrYms9wi/Ns+sK1BClZT59a0PaTKBpgmDvz8qyCEoLygCSMEnaRUGibZC0rQFIUFA5BHSvNBI8J3qi4Vdlg90oy2Tjyx+VXzHjUBk9KKVhFgVNkA/AThXL0r5QJ961/BOC2iFFXG2HXGnAClIKkRtCpG++wrR8EvuE8LZetWuEMKeV4wVK7zvdsSoGMbcicHJoqLYvY5a9qCZQJV5delfJeSoSgkDfauw8X4fwLjDRfDQtHHGgUvtjAz8JRtOI9uVc67Udnbrg12ouoUbVav6TycJUJJE9D5dQeVTrQVOyoQZ6/KitCVpA3nYc6juMdKd4UlH45nvDAKgM4zy+sUq9jGms1JtrNtK0FTaDpUjVE9ZMemKzd1xF0aUveJKAYT0nn9BWk4vc2dnYrK0LBAJVEnVGMdPua5neceYunVd0y43JPxnNXpCU2XKbxx51SlqUpxW5nJO0ff1rYcITxC6tyhCHlaUyTtgZ3652rnXDO1rnB3FqQy2QsQVKSFGPKRWx4P2mVfWYcQ7qbJkaDEH0H3iikBpr2aFdwt+xuGLoqJQJgjoKxq5K1zt0q4veKPKvm2WLVx9V0lSVKB29evX0qpeSprvEOJKFowU9DSTjRIsUfQh1JbVpWhQII5H1mqrs/wAMFhblKkp70rUdQMmCcD5flVwtAOZJEc/zqGmdURiqixEw4BuYHKvUS8oIbSVKUYSBkk8oHM0MEpEn0n/tJqbSiyl1xudaEEgg/Y+dQLLL+V/ibYKsgp99pcOhJTCceZB3G8czjGVXLZ1KCtTau7B064kTE77TGYrM2/EnGXHFIdKVqG/XrFXDHHFK7pp5Gu3aa0JTqIj/ANTvufcY5VAUGmJHlvXhUCn4utRVoWnU2CEKyB0qAIPlUIEUoR02/wA14VCTBmNqhHLfn50Mzkp5edQgQnMgmYyIqWFA/rQITMlRkb8vvlQ7hQQ0qSTAwOtQlHra9Tq1f2jAPWikDeCD5TSgYSUgkknGQYoqGgP7l+5qBoOkpBBk43AFO8MZTcXKMSCYjqOdVwbBEAqETzyavuzjYDsqzpEiKiBQLtXxIOOJsWpKWykrgQCrkPQDPqaquFNpcumElQ0rUkCOsiocTCXOIPrQAEKWpQg7ZovCtIvrcRu4mfnTEN+dqk2cGOVRxtUk4qETIXVkxeNlNw0lY8xn2NZbivY5CgV2TriFHYA6TPqOdbJrY0SCPL0qUFs5M8/xThToS6kONpPwuIIPsedWNjxu1u0gugMuJVqCXAMEcwa6Bc2lvdoKX2krHmBMVlOM9im3NS7Ib5KSY+tI4IBFLK20J/DuKABP/ISoHnE7/exoyLmFKD6O60AEknwGTAg7e2+ayvc8W4QuAp3SP7XBKT71a2naG1fSlq/T3CiYIWn+nPrt0qp46JZfBCVpKVpSoYPiHPcfp8qUuuEM3KEoKdSUuKcUHCZWTvKviGNsxziistpcPeW74jBkErQeuJ9cgj6UZh9QA/EI7tWkqJTlAg/9vkaaE5Q9EpMU7NcKTwi2uGmnHFIddLmlyPD4QmARuDE8t6v7ZGt5DZIAUQNvP9KWRCkhSSCDsQae4YAb5kKEiQY+Z9v9VHJydsFGrT8WaMk4pdBJE86mlRqwDCkxXhPhMEaoxImPOJqMzX3tUAYC6492jftuI2t9wW2YDWDcErDcY+EHCzzEK+QFc2U5fr42Le4WXLZMkL0RNdq7WqT/ACZaCrJWkgdevrXPNDLDjrikyFDpRQxTO8cumQWmFEIgAhWa+s+0DiVS82yvESUCRVbxRIdcWpnKRzTQeG2pfcCYJJgAcyTVlS/ALJD0dW4P2jsbli2ZW0lHdglK0+EGd9XyA9vOtPZuvItn20uJ/COICglQkjHLlIx61wvvrrhfE2Q1rzGNMg5511Xhl2tNlw5kAhgsaiorlWoq+EjyEfliKNP9JKmrQ88MRzG9IXEEmKsFZBJpN5PiNVkK5xOaUWmSafdEE0isQaUCRmuN5Lv/AJQVCse8NDmttWlQxMSIrUcdUoKdSNzCfSZrNXKJ1DFBsdIE/fusIQ63bl1vZSU/Ek9dtjV/2I4/b8Tv3rcIWVWzfeLQrcg7DG8ms1w151V620yguOqUAhKR8Z20kec11u04UiwsAhxq2F02tSVrbiZJ67xgECrIKxZFi9xldpZNm6U1KkggKAkdE5zMbdaSXx+2vbkLvbBtCSEgKbUUnAwYTz65+cVge2V1xJN26pm0W6xskqQqT7fe3nS3DeHXTVqsuh4Lgkp1EpTnkdppqkNBRftnZLO54ff2bLHC7g2y0LJDTzkhxeNzM9PLetMp1vjlnc2HGLTu2mydRSqTqGNST1n54npX504R2iuWrnQoa0pOpKknIIz99a7ZYccSvhlvdPpcCVFKnD/aOZHyzTx+wJpR2jnKTDi0f3IMGmLbLqAeSgT6zNT4860eI3V0wrVbqdUQYCYBOBHKBy5V7bgAAzzrN/6B+H3aFm8Vwu4QghRccKUkY0oJ/wAVl+Gdn22Fd4+8p10/2jAFbLialDh6HCo+M/COlZ5tZTJ5HFdDHi7bMWTk9HQvdcMsVaVOMlR66iKs+CNMWzaUW6ChtWSAvFCYMpwARymmWhocGko3wJFXrB/8Mcua37NXYpS6UQClZVmOY9KF2ptkpCLhCYKv6as88waHwS4UFFaRlO85zXvHLhbjbVuoyB4yeprPyMbgtmzjZe5QAhRzvt9K8A8ZPvFH0CRMT6b153edh71hNyFzBWNUT0FS1ShSUidYiBzqaWpUTyEg8vvFWTFmBa+G3L7yk6hoOACYgxt096vw4HmdIzcrlx46uRh7i0StQmQPIbGmbayJUkKKzj9v2rSO8ObslIXdBFw5J1ttOeHc/wBw+eIiKp37tsqhhCG0AY0DJzzPP3rZHx02ZJeUhWkOBKG2wlAMgGh6YJ25bV5aq71hRJk7TPrXujOJHKsObE8UurN+HKsseyIkCIzvyqBnbfzounmZgGcVAtkAyTvB5c6qL0iHOQMdJ+dKPwooQNvi9hTJkKIBkz86A2FKdUrePCKgQqlkI3yTPyqKSFYJMEfKvik+KSa8CSVCCSagA7JUpRAE6ROOpOPpWm4C1BcJEyAPmazdqtLdw0yDqWsEkjynJ+grTcMUtm1uHEwVJGpIPM1CWZK9XouX+atahI5Qd6b4fcN8NR/M+I4tWFYT/c6rHhROJGoE9AZpRTVvbNm7v1ONWaFeIpMLcV/1bncyoT0BmsVx3jFxxW77x/S20DDTLc6G08oBzPUkyTvRRGd955BqcUMKHIVNB8PnRFQVsDrRZoTRGk52qZqBCAUZECcDNCFTRSisktlt1JS6hKwcEHYis3xbsfb3YWbZSWSf7SMe3StOKInFQKOUu9n+J8GWVsa0InOmCgjf5RTdjx5TQSjiDJbIn+og6hviehrpsFQzJHzqo4l2ds70lQHdOHmnb5VKCZ+1Vb3Kddg8lAkToyI6FPoCJ5Vf9nu8N2tRCRGqIMyDiszc9j37N3vbFepQ/uGPUkbVtOBWTlq0lb7ut1bYBwBB3j6UvT9IWwEVIV5XySSQAkk8oG/lTJNgdEq8UrSCScDJ8h9/lSg4pZB5xlV5bd6iAUlxIUn1Hzqv45xa0PCrrubtgq0bBwSQSNs9Ps03SQtxM52i4gLm8lCzoA0p8/OspePJkgmTnEV7eXpU/KT4RVYbttbywcL5Y6U0YtPZG1WigecWw453ZIEwYxNSsLtabpkhRC0qSZnzqPFzoulLjC9uXlQbJIU8VE5EETjM10MUezPO8mUot0dGvTaXdul25VDyACh1I1Tvgx7VteDsuNNsLuEJKUIMAjJUecfXHlXNuzNu5d3aQJKUKBjaTXVkBCUJCG+7EfDqKo65P5VXyoxh6NnjZ5JxuYBweHO9KOjNOrgjzpV8eE1zzroQfTBM0g6BOTAoljduXQuGXk6XreAVb6kyQPlj9aFdqDba1LJgZNQCRjeKAqedBGxj5AftVFe6NChIzzFdL4TwtntI2+5dXAtlMtoSEtthRUTI5RtAk7yawvbDsxd8CuEa1JdtXT4HUggE9COR9/ypWOhr+F9s0briXEFsg/hmO7aXq+BxZ6eaUrz7861PGLnvB3qJIO8dTv7VzXsn2ha4JxJ5N0SmzfEOq/8AxwcKI5wJn1wDXQbs6gooCFJ0hQgyFA856f461v48E/Zg5eRxWiuU+VISXXkeSUrn7FAtXnX7goBlChEEYNAulo0lTiQjpGw5e1JWryluYc0OCCk8vKtqxpukcr/JklZN7so25cpubG6DKyvxN9OvPrWt4zZJuuDPWqHlM6kBBUBOlHnnb161nbm9Q6/D6VIfVupP90DJ8j5VquzCy4w4t1Se60FLs48BEEeZiY8xS5ON8a7GzBzHl+rMNaPvPv3FhacRWtVqvuVFbAkicK3zI3FXPCnVtJLL51OJMTsD6Uh2VsHGb/ijzqYW9dH/APkDy9avzw0LT3gkOoKimOeTXGb+zOr7R9cFxxICkKcSMgEwJ6mqm9dc1KQpIRGAI2PrWg4Wk3aToykZWDjTG+Puar+PMo0h1tJBB6/Wuxw8ilFJnF5uGXZyRRsvkKCR139/v6VdcOQFupURnfAqkaWCSNIGqAaveHupabCwQV9OntzrfcUctY8knRorRPcoVg9TGZpO8UpbupSSCAEweVDtX3FPytwyemK1A4KriTAeaUltaUyoq2Pn+Vc7lReT0dnhyji1JmTivtJ5DFaJHZx5aCpa0oQB8YlQB6GMj3pe44LctKAKFKB5JzHOsDwTr0a487C3VifChboWpT7YcXEJCsCR1A3HlRrm9cW2WSEpaiUpR4QnntQnLVy1c0ugpUIJChH6VUceve5uUJTyRn3rs+Njppo4XlpdmpRdo8vLzuQtLYKlFMCTgTz/ADrPKIJWdvL2ivrm57wzknypUPAkqXiMZ2zXWRzoN0aDs4hNwlbQVCskSKeU3g4yDVR2bd7m6XG8A/L/AHWneQFqKgIBzXC8nhS+x6DxOa/oysKZRA96gUdff1PKrFTckgjnyoDjIiSIBMieVcY7og6W20KVEgDaefSlmYQynxJURvB51PiKEhaUGEpH9RZ5QKVFxaLdS0w40V5wkYSAJkxyipZEmHKk4BIg+dQaKTrdBOhO6qIGkqIwAY9x71NaQixcjACTmOoioT8EuDXCbjiypyrRqBHLIH61sHbu34ZwZ+7vnC0yqW29IlS1QfhE5AO52/KsX2aFtbP3nEL18sMW7QQojKlFRJCAOZOiegE8qoO0PHX+Lvha/wCm02nu2mpkISJ0pmBJg5O5ooRC3aXi73FeIF9waGgNLLAPhaRvpSMe55kkmqqxtnb66Zt7dtS3nVBCAnqT/j6TUXPERMmNjNdD/hjwltht7jN3Gkam2BGxxqP5j50yGZ0gGiNnJoCTU0mKgBhHxiNjvR0qxSrWTRkkioAYSaMg0qhU0dBxQYQ6TRE0FNFRtQIGr4VEHNSoohNKZG+akIE5GM1BOxrP9suOfyvhpS26WrhQ1AjdKeZ8qsxwc5UiuclFWA7U9rRwy6csbRE3SUgqWqIR5Adf3rDXnH7xxbzzr7hcVOyikekAwKzjt8txxTneLUon4lZn50J19JTMn9zXWx8WMUc+WZs9s+IvrfedcdJKlTI8ulN3t4462fEZPnv6/WszbPKNwpH/AF8R+dXIQp1tLiUmNp/StKxQKnkkLfzF9skJOob+LNMM3KHNSlQlYzCsSfKk7hrTnSU1NpGtABTEYmqcnGjL0NHO0qLB61RcoGrBHPp0pjgnBnFKPeKSJPLPvQuG8KundKkJcSNWkk11fsx2SU7w5pzUtbzhxOwHmakYLEiqUY5n6Guy/BWLHhv4gIGo4bnfzMbdc+dWhjNNtWN02lLVwvAEIKYO3oOlLqbWA4lYkpE6/wC2PXkfKsGfE5vsjZhnHGuqFXQN6Vdyo048hSTCklJ6HrSbgiSTjrWFxa9mtNP0Z27/APi4407J7m4TocAHKc4+R9aj2kS4xbqQoaVuZEjBHUdRtReJOWt864w2/wD1G0y2U5Ss9NXKc1Ds6k3XaGwVcf1w26nCvFgHaKVbdD+lY32IKGuHcQgKcfUoQltOrSAMK5wJO9G4o1d8StV211auutLRJT3OYOAQf1xTDfaBa+MXKOFNoDfeELWBpJWdgIxAHWrjiV0bGwWG3Qp0I1PLVkqJx12wYH7V0VwmvZhfN2zk/DOy/C+H8R/EvMr1phTBeVKUqyNjv74FXq1pDTkxpGEkADHkB6VV8Rvg+w8pSgSFHTBkiZrP/wAyetFyk96gYUkkx1kVrhx+noyZs/yEuNFOsBJOD8PXNK2KCSUkkzERmh3F21dKV3atOf7/AA1ZcKQUKABSFYIExPUj6Vsww2c7JB0GtLYuXKG0ydO87geVaJLiLa3LTWScFRO9e21qhm3BTBkkz/mpOtiRGJ5Vl5ubTgjdwOPVSYpYWrR4h+JIUHNOTOCBzKdp8/OtFb2il2zTaEqU4QMAZJqu4QwFvqKkqUnQUjTvPKtaxdN26SUBIITAIGSP9Vh4/Bnk+zG5nlYYH0XsQY4Qnh7L1ysqSpwBBQpOneD4euPyNYq/UXHS2VEJjpnyrR9qOKP9ySVZBJG+D6/fOua3fE71t1fiQZJPiE/f+66H+DKK0ZMPkY5P6LYICVKOlMkR0/1R7FOlRJAVOKyjnGL5wRDaAeido86+tn7lagXrhw8wBjFGHEyN7ZZPm40vqjdu3jLSJS4kvT8AIn3re9mULftUquXUpCvEGkqyek1yTgSO9ukIkk64ya6k+1+FsWVN+Be0jetcsMUlFezkZOVObsulvC2Qtz4t/Dqgc8fWsrY9o3Qp5sqQE6jAjb58tvrU+KX5S0U6uWxrHrfSm/lMDvBsMfZrVx+LGVuRyOTlyX9GbW1vHLl0NoQlZV4SFJ1eu/uawHbNbbPFli2cSpuYBBkCOQPP3rT9nr+8Xw24QpTbYOpKSEif3E5z+9YbtACHVhXIml+PrJ1o0cZzkkpOypXcBQIKsjpXrCwfDJmdzyqteUVKUQnbyx+VHtclPiUTPM1LOr0SRpOCuKRdiVEj6/eTW3tR3jYO+IrB8IOp7HIe/wB7VueGKJtgVCTXN8krhZu8Y6y0MFoK5CKgtsKEHejTHWPSlb58It1hsEuq8CDHM4/KvNs9Qij4zbJc4Hf3CpUNBgdBMA+maxnYdsOcVuFL+JtgkT1kA/nW17X8QbseAvW6WHll1vQnSmQDjBM/eazP8PbcKa4w+pQUttKG0kGRBKifqB9aiZZTNFgADcedNizN1bqQHG2UqTKnXMIbE5Uo8h5+1LNoU4sJQCpRMBI3Jqp7X8XU23/KLJwpabkXZSRC1zhMjdIxOd/MCihJFL2l4p+JcNrZp7qwbV/TQJlaubis5J38pgQBnPE6xHLff1/aiuDJmSagkDJ3FMJQzw2wXe3TNsgeN5YRgSBPP9f91veKXyeG8YsOCcPVFpaICnIO5M/F58/U1X9iWm+GWF7xq6A0NpKGtUQSRmJ+Xzqmubvib/Zt11h20UV3OpZK/wCuVEDxK5xsMmMRGKhDsoqYGJqHOpppyNBWt6nUEYqdACCt4FHbMil0bUVuZxQCNJwKIg0uFEURCsUCDAOakDQUnNTCpogPrh9NvbreWTpQJMfe9cf49xUPcYfUuFpWIUFZwZx+ldC7YXQt+HpQoGHDvyEZ/auRcRBdeW4mfSutwMSrszn8qdOkJOJQ08vu8NKPhMfTf7ioOKhtRSYOa9WdbCgo5kGq5y7TpKI8Qmf0ro1RlTsFZ6UvPEmVGAKveGunWpGqU7iM5rPWpPeuFIJTt0nO1WqHe5RIIBEx0maCBJaNIxZJvkqaBAX/AGdZqKOB3jALmgqSiNUCYqnteNOJWglICpGQYrpvZjjtrxOxumXiGrxxpQCl/Co6TgcuVGS0VJFz2YsEO8LaeQkKZWkqyNjsYrc9k2xb2zjBJ0oMp8P9p/0fnWU7OOOcPsUW+kKSkGUx13j3zVra8TFupSGxE7zmD9isWTHKWjTjaii84gtJvmEZ0ASKC8xrYWhKUhSklIVAMTzzVeeKNqeQp9ERkLBnHpVki9t1IkOJGJpOjiqB2jYteAG1ZVdhKSpIKlJyEqjl9axHEL62u7R9q1UtdzhBQUREmBHM5q57ZcbbsbVbBXPeIBBj4c4H0GfOueOceU3dPXwHcF9QUShIOOcevUdD51bi4neNtCPO4ypFO6XLe5UHgUOIV4kkZkdR1rSdnu134K8bVdtJdaEp1QJE4JmJ5bVj+IcVbvL5asoUTkGBPnXtlai5vGG1vBplSwCsDYHEjzG+9cyXGayUdNZlKGzpDNxw/gSF3SSyWXtblqhKpUSVZkcs8/8Az51Q8S429e8Nuu+AGrUsAQCAdh51SBlXeEueQGoZofEFqLCkjmM/vXexwqNs4snt0VxWU2casqVqHpyqmfdKlEp5ERNM31yokoGIgmB6zSO8ATJ5mrUhT3SCo6huIidverPhiiXAmZ50ghCSJJIJyPrTFmsNu6gI/up4tIWW0dk7HWlhxPgf4dSSl8LKSsZKDG4HMRyFL3/Ar9i3Q+WkrYKtPeIVIB8+n+aX7C3rTELZ0lxeVgmIic9Z+5roAKLa1ZWAHEKxMTPkPIxXK5ELyWaIZJLHSOduXabMBpsEoSkpziTO/wBKAzxLu7dTrmoqVJEnz/3VZx27ac4i6ppDiLcPONokzqg5g+xqteuVOvJZSrChG0RivRYcUPjTPF555Hlfb2ecX4mu5UuZCQN6zLylOuzBzsY/OrS9cSELQn4RiT1qtQnJjMCaon7pHS48GlbBraC0QZ3gf5++tEbb8ahsK+hJUUK5YxUkLBGTn0FI3RrSstLNTjLjbrKtK0mQRiK6AjtBbXnBk965FyiJQefpXN2blCGCJExipC7hMyIjp9KVfZ2yrPjqOi64hxMrcK1E6d48vWqDiHFEqXqbQQ4IgTmvLp/UnKoIG/Wqd98oZdSYIUQT4ZOIODy61si6Rix4ez2biy4qscPLbhH4ggrVp3g7T5wc1nr54OhefKT1+xQuD3raW3F3GVLbhJGec+09etVz9yVSCBpJmetU5ZGzDh6yAuDUBGNpkUa2VpIUZielCDgKQT1iPTnU2ST6kQPKqIuzY1o0HANSn1EbYT7fZNba1XoZEnbzrJ9nWy02VkeIxV+XghjwnnBmsnkF/qL/ABv/AHlku5AGCRVe/dd5dhMz3aZiCZJ2+/ypV25IQSr4RmeUUnaPL7suLHiXCiCPKvJuWz10Y6HL1ZdRBabe3PdunwHBiffPtSXYiwUx2e4hdO6Q67dBopTGEhIIzv8A3GnGfEp2SPAy45M7QmR9+dWPALEo7JsuKWUt3L6lkkf8aEAhW2eRoxdjOVKiv4let8I4U48VRePgi3TpmMwpfsJg9Selc6W4dckDGJmrvtLxE8TvnX2wpDRGltH/AFQJj35+pOaoHI7xapxJOTt9/pViKiBUPEAoD51OzYVc3DTFuApxxQQkHlJjPlQZiSMfe9af+Hli27xG4v3CEt2qNZknBIxMT5nptTAbGv4gXbdjY2fBbRZShhvUuDkmMT5k59xWL4Nwd3jPGbe3SSkKVJIHwpG5+X51rrfsvfdo+Jv8Rfi3tXlFYWoSSkDGkcxtnH6VqXOFWPZXgj6rVJU8UaC6sklwnE7kDflUFTNYjFFSRNBqScUydjDSYNTG9AbOaNRFJiiIFDRtRUGlCET50RMcqEKInegLYUHNSkQahNfFaUJKlqCUjJJor2F+jBfxIv1MvFBUAEpSAEqnfeud3jqjbIdYWCCQlccjMVe9sr9NzdPOrUNOrwgmJHKs3ZXXdO6ihK07KQdlA9R9K9DxY9caONmdyFE3S/EFjkZ/eq67Ol5SZn1rTv8ACmrtv8RwxWsbqZJhQ9OorO8ctXrfuy+y40QNPiTEwf8ANXsSLFGHVoeIQBIHzNWi1FbYK/Cf+1UdtcJW4seIZiY3q1a8akhShCRkg70iLKDM4JK9QzukTirRl9DB1W7xJwSnRBjntziqt0hEpG4OPc1JpxAIOABtIiadP8EaOj8DvuPXSJLb+gBKQ6pqUxiPXHrWwau3UBIfKC6nCik4rkPDuJ3La0tpdIaTEJzvWy4Xxy4SpAW4HEEaTqOSnpP2M0yi2UzlWjdt3OoDIB9aQ7S8ZHB+EruQUpWSEIKtgTVQ/wAXsU6EJfcYfUCACQErPSeXPaJrO9pb5N0phLhCixKlZlOqcZ9Imn+L9ZV2F7viC79RcubnU4pBWlalAAmJHL5VUuXOvQhShpAAAnYfWlHrkqWvqrc+VVb75S4QkjQNpP360XOlSHigl+6lL4A9AfP7x54q27PK12N7d3BUG7RkKKowpRXpCB5/EY/8ms0VmfixPM9KVvrt63tww04oJfUnWmNwkyN9iD971mcU3ZoV1R0m54iwLYLQ43qGMK3rM3fE3HnFBKoBwY32P36Vn7d1fdIRrMepwKZYGsqUr4wYM7/5p7K+lDSlFw43P1r1LuhMlIJ8xQdUADMzOK8kLMGRufrRsFDzakrOPamrVvWlWgyBOR+371XtrlBJMgQNq0HAFsvAtqIDicScTTJlbRe9kb9NmvStMlRg5gj09K6DacYS7YfgkKbW+mXO7CvFp6gD0rjvErvuLh1pogBEAx1jas9c8ZfZui4H1JWCRqSogmD5chU+NS2RX+Gm7X3ibLirLLayWklbgUTupbilEfUUqm7K3dYURpBxmdorI9oeJqvLgKKjqB8OSYBA6+gp3g94TbydM9K2rMorqYORxV/dFupa0ghImdx5fXpUwdKZnJB5VBd2iIUpODHl50PvgpPhPeRvE7/v+1Z5S2JGNKgilhCicwBvtSjzxPOAPvFSuHMgTHrilfiySojnHqRVbkWRLS0eSprQRkjHOgAwIifOZpVIgBY1SOU9fvajIcK0/wBUSIwE0qdDNdvYXvZSQuT6UjdgeMoXKSIA9qZWgqQlUGOYoaUhQKV9J2q6Mm0VKHViFlcqVblJORjpAmvFqKSRPh3E/f3FETYuG8CrdJWpX9oJOK9LCkJCikqSdwBv9xSTko/0zTjhKb+qslbBWlIUNU8waeYZlQCDM52+/Oh2+gpAGlP/AOxA9auLNu3aAUp9oHpqrPPk48ftm2Hjs01/JbWHhYg/t8qO46QnSUwAIEc/v96HbP2y06G3UOHoD60VQBmuLzef8q6ROpwvGvBLvMRfcW4Q20cqydW0CvW/xIT4iiR0k0yhv+oPIb0Tuxnn+tck63olZJcXacTddgJSyEA5EalQZ9pxRO0HFl2HZax4a0uVPBbqiN0JJ+H1J3Pkaf4VbMvsPM3Kw3blxCnVTAKQFKIPT4d52n3xPaDiSOIcQuXwIStZ0BKQAlOyQByHP3xVuNNFE3sqX3SSZUNXL78/Oq91RkjmTOOlMrUAoz8Jz/ulFHxkxvNOwBEAEkAwSYxv/v8AWuu9g7FFjwBha0BKnAXXCUwMzvPKB/uuT8KZVd37FuJ/qLSjAyM7x6Z6VLtl2jubnil3Z210sWTCu6bQjwpgACYHvRTA0dG412zsbF5TNgpq7uFDBQsd2j5em1V3E7264hwSzU+4Cp7U+sgQBmEiOXy965ZYOKevEICVqUogJAGqSeX1rpPEXgl9TaSYaSGgeZAEfmKSbdDQgjpY3qaTQQakk1ahRls5o6TNKoNHbMyKYAdOxqaaGNqImlIFRmiJMcqEipjegAmDSnG3O74RdKkA6CPWeVNCgcSYN1w65YSJU42pIG3L94p4f0iS9M4y5aM3Nw6b1xaUrT4SIqkf4U+hC1MEOAYGlQJrS8VQ2zw95dy4lCkpJmedZBPEShZgFXTNekwP6nFmnbJNJ4jZuNvNtPpWkkpWEk7enyonarjD/FrVpLwWFNkSP+p5iP3q2t218W4etVg6oXjAC9CVwVo6b8t/OYrIcZv7hVkpt1alBKsAjY+vP7FWyWiqDtlVw9QMyYVH39+dXlqsqTOkZ2IxPpWd4d4nIJxOfKtJbiG4SnVznoaoiaJHh8WpUAg4/wA1NOpORtOKm6lQGQZOT9868SIT4iDO0H86YQZtnVNrSpJHsYir60vCSJSABuRis8z8CVcszT9s4BEnAAJq3FIqyxsvO0rIVYWjw+HUROxB5CfWcVTfiFaCkk65kqnJP2KurLRxLhztg8SCPE2qPh9qzd+HLRSmXye8bMH0/wA1pk7iURjsi6rS4NEyszgbztVddOAryeXI+tMF4lImCf1quvXgmVGRnltWNmpRogXgmVqIAAjJG9VyXDe3AWCSgYSTGBUX1l4qGyEjl/d609wO3CrYqPkI9KrbLetIdtMDSoJ2jrTTXgUYUT5+lRab0mI5UZBIEkjNMitkVJk6p8qkk+ACBNAXKlGd4qSBBVJ+HpRECtYMzgdakzcKtr5KgMBW/l0P0+dRBAwQMjB2il7jSSCkzAgz19KKEZZcXcDS1pVKlFIUYzE7DyrGPulVz4VSgCJ5SNvvzq34i6VsKEqmAASeW3t/oVUsswoDmdpEz5n3ouTWh8cRW7dJWhah5Vb8GUe78JlO1JcT4c5ap1PJ0kcpkg+fnU+BLUkLBB0KUDPQxSQl9iZlcGaZASo5g4nr6UyFkSCSDtk86QQY3yJnamkAFs6Vn0mrpM5h464nBI5YkdOtBRgyJ2zPOpKURuJV5c+deJSlz4eWOk7j9RSBighJipJMpUADPKhQUykkBJx1ozHVQIJzttQGQxbZQUqIPSiqTyAxkZ3mhWxhZCVD0+tOYDZgGQc5n0q/ErRVlJ2KCl1LkwUKBBH+aslcPte5deeab1FKliFY5n8o5Upw/SuUxKgYI8+lO8RsEvsJcU422R4ZUYB8vvyrB5bHJYuyOn/x/Oo53GXplVZcIbetgtSlJVpBCIBMT+s7Utb8ODtuHFOOGSY0gGYwOe+9Ww4Mst6m7xJVMwE/LM70ujhF+lRQ0+hsRzKs8uQNeOlmctM+jReOPpi/ZtJPEFnxaUoMTynGfP0rSrSdulV3C7BXD2X3nFhbgISANoMU05fNJjWopHLrRjNUYOVUp/UO0mFGJIGf1phlorWltEFSjpTPIzQLNaX1EpUVDAn2/wAVdsvfyeyVfSA+6gtsAjmrE/KfKB1xV0E5MwzfVFF2mfFnw9Vswvc90VpxrUD448hCUiPWNzWGdUpUEmRsBNX3aJ0B8MAeFhIbE8zuo/Mms8teCmARvWqq0Z/YupUKyAfKgOYIkxNGcmFKJ3iTSazCSnEetKxi77LOC3uLu+UslNnbqc2xOUp/XPkawzr3ePuLWqVTCiM5J/3Wy4yy/wAH7LutOEfib10BaU7pSkTB8+RHKsKsFRUTE7em/wC9SJDR9img/wBoradJQzLyzqiEoEn8hWtuV6lqcWTqVJVtg7/tWe7BMqSjiFyVplDIZHWVGZ+SY96u3jGNO/z+/lSsY64miJNDQc0UCnA0EB6UVC+dAGKI2KKdAobSoHnR2zvSiBijtnlQFoZRtUhUEVNNQlEwRNKcauV2fDXn2lhC0x4iJApsCq7tI2HOC3IVskajjpTw9oWS0cK4qw4t1WpS15IIVmqj8MW3IIInIFbK/tFrUVoSoYq2Tal2wtVBkLbjQqUgjUM+1eixS1o403VmE4ZcPWN2hxlakKSoAEc/3pnthaNcU4SeLW+hFwg6bhIGCTgK8q0yrbhr2vvbcBUZ0CCPIxy9ao+0lowzwm8TZF6O5JUh2IHTblH5CtH4URls55aqSiAmSonaM8+VXFrdeILkA9Z/aqm3bKtk4MECdhiriyYRCdecbRVKRpkywD+pIJUCaAVhQPiG8R0qQGIAEdOU+vOoraGpRKRjblmlYENW5SUgSMDeaPltODKeSuhpVTQBlSYIxnnQXm9KCjluPWmhKmSUdF7we6R+KSdYxuQa2DvCrPjNuE3BX36Unu1ojV/k1y5lm41ENatQOCK1HZ6/v7FxP8wtrhTGCHikwiDIM9K3Y/stmOf1KBxh5Nr+J7tXcgfHHh+dIq4c/dqcSww4+pKVOK0DZKRJV6Cut2fH+y/BeGtp7xbrqtQUm3CVqbTJgeI4xFU57ScCds+JW9rZ3Fu48F92tISQodV5x7SKzzSb0XwnI5Yhhy4UpCgUJHhgDer+0tAy2lKSIAzzk0IBpK5AGT12GadZUAIx0jqKrcKLXNyVHi2tI1RB+dLJIHXacinHFeDMjqOlKLGRE70qFBBRMjEHpUpkzGTvUBIBIkjrXoBKhzTAyKIrDaolCtyIBNDejVqUAMfWp5KTqJxmaWfVMyqABMmniKyt4k6vuFgEAxHrmkrNz+snTBSg6jjGNxTPEGy4kIkTqE/nXlkyAkBOCMTn50ktssj/ACO3zjd5auF5CxcQAlQMoI9DtVTwt7QstkALn738q2F1Y2XB+BKvXn27riLoIaQ2dSG43J2z03rBWzqfxMFUzJVy96VupErvFmxYdDhkbdQaKHjMJOkkb1WWq3C3iSnqcgfe9OpbWUEFZEwBGBWijnNJOg04KYI5VBbqGgSV7/X50MMgAApIONzXi7dWtMAGRkg0GqFR8eIAqlKCYjFFRcrOCknMweVfNW6ASSBHOm0tIV4SoAdQZzUiG0esuubhO/1+81YWrqnAUlGoKMSCaCy2nIVtj/VNsAIeIA0g48/v96ug1ejLlkyCQ61dpUVFAnaYAroXB7ItMhNwjxkDwLTkecHrWPs2e8vAtYAQ3kCNz/omt/2e4+pXD02N20i4ZSYb7xAUU1l8nCWXF1iaPF5Y48vaR6u1b1E6EyoQfDhQ6RVLc9jeC3Dy3nbAd4d9Li0D5JIHvW14rxNq7LBRbMslAIV3aY1T+0Ulrb5mDXi5QUXTPcQn2Vow3EeG2vCOHqZsG+6bKgdJcUrPMyomslduqLqTOdQEzW87ZqCkJLZwSBkY2rnF20pb4A1RM46+VY/01RX1s3PZC2/EySFdyghSzygDryyfrTvH3kJ4o0yQNFq1qWN4IEgHoYAEZ61Psq2LHgXeXAWCtanF6sEpExpHpsOc1mbp4/hbt5SgFvKSiQIACjKvbH1rq4I1CznZHcqKG5ecdccWokqUoqPnzqvdTkAE4k4+lWCog4M9ZNPcHsA93jzrWthpOsagAhRmN9jG+9SUv0KRTWfDrq/JDbSg2FBKnThLc/8AY8h+k1obGy4dw5wLT/8AbdpJlwGGxy8PURiTEjpRr56GVJQ+krdgrSk5jPxdOXrSTashIMyQBByPKqlNsaij/iNcKNxZMSmG2takpGASTJ+QGPKsbjSCTziN9603ahm44lx24btmVvKSAkIQCYxAnpM/nQrDshxe41hxkWZSJi5BTPlAB6Gr4+hGy27JN93wAORHfvkkgfEEp/eafelyYAHrRvwn8vsbKzCkqU22SoiYKicn6ClASCc9cmqpjLZ1xCgAYoiXDSiFZ3omoGBNWhHEqmjtRFIoMU22YFQFjTcGmUJG9KMqBpxrnUAETUwMVEVIVCBEig8Qa72xfbA1FaCBI5xRATXok7zvUT2I1o5i02lSCFRjFHtLG8dj8A60jRulyYV8gSfl70hxgLs764DZhAcIA6iTT3Zvig1kH40ESetdrDPqrOXlhbopeLpuk3K7h+3LKm8vtNpgAHmPLeaqLptD7DqWrgONuIUMmCJHMH1/LrXYF8PtuJlLyTodQMkDly3rmn8SuB/yG4Zu7Y6k3ZWVACIiMgdTOfauljzqapmH43GRzRptKRGCRBnp0qxZI1xyjIpVlQIOr5/TFEbKkkk753pWaH6LFm1KstuBU40zCp868ct7u3XLra0I2GJEevSht3BaQEKwB9PrTLfEX1kJWMDCvv751UyIgXFKcOnHI4pd9RSY3nEnlXjrhUVKWQlRzPWl7hZWBpkAjbpSRex2rDsKLbgI1BQOxrS2XadFlw9SXkJdQPEEzIIOYjpWILpjUCcZ3oTcvn8OAEFWPQdfatkcjj6KniT9jfCnx+IXdrSSlJxzzzjrV53zV64t4DV/ahJxsM1RvMzpb0gIGEpHIc6tbBkNsjSOUTHOl7W7DS/D1FuZkjA2J+tTKUIQToGnlGK81QSBtivV7EnMcjzpG7Aj5BQUlKknIwYmM1X3LK1RoJT70wmTkCIPPpXilmSmBnpSohX6XAk6lqMjcmoJDja4S4ojzPnTwgg6skdD8q9aQmDKZkTRA3QND7qEwUpVPPl70JayoE/4nf8AKmNQCSNJwPmKr7hJ0mARnfp7frTxF9lddOw4MxncnH3mrHhtv3yO8WSlgCSeZ8hVEtZfuwkSZIk9a2/CbVtNs429bNXlw4gaGlrUkog7ogiT1B5UqVsscklRU8XfQ8FAKymAEgxgbelZlhjXcYymZI655U3xkFNw6tpKg2DialwdvvTrIjVvnlFLVyJ2UYs0Ng0EBOucxmdvKrHu0pTJEnNKsNakJmSBznenCqBsDFXNnKnK2DWUognM/Sglyfh2jIxRHCQSogETif1+/lUQlC5Jmd9X36iq7FTPkqiJkjn6VJC/hyZOJ+Y/eogEb+1e6cYJMbYqJksZ1q1lQnJneIzT9urxa0xAjHWqhBUJAUNX5Uzau6CR/wBqthLZXNaNPaGEzqkk7mm+GXK2luhCgCk7Z+zVZaqAaSCQBTlmmFLUAROSJzETy2q+W1RiTqRu+HlNxYMOuOAOrURo6AbGaMppJzrSZzkUpwi1DvCmFocKVqJSpBGBHOZpk2ijMLM+Yrw/NVZHR9B4MrxIyfawhK20DIkmszw3h6uJcTt20EaA5/UIIEAgzE42ner3tU8CpE+EpST60n2HQs8TunlJWWW2zC4xrJwCeRjUfauXFdpnVTqBfdprkNWqm2UwCEpTBOEmQEkzMaUmPQciaxXFXos7ZMCZU76iQB7Y+tXvatxxN4lvSEzIBCp1JBgT5zqM+ZpNnhLN6WnXluEpSBCYggdOfM13YR+qSOU5pSdlBbOpbeSpYCkpIJSen61Y8W4oVtKY0uKWRq7tKDGdvaIrQWttaWrwcs2W2lnwykkn6/pSlzaJeeW8SoqWRM5mgsF+wfOjPWnCLi4cQt5xLLR3SjKwJn0+tW9pw+2tQ9IN0skaHXfCUQeQTE/lTTSNKdMgxUleIA7kHemWGMRXkbJh5ZhOrG37jz3qGslwgmQcj9DXiRkfSvp0KnmBEDn1o1SEVspOJuFXEXAoHSgAAk+/70qqf7SR5U3dJP4h8mJ1nn9fSllgJGTtufPoKyS2zbD0dKSvNGSqelJBU0ds8qcg42cU2g+dJM700j4qIGOW58XlTrZ6UhbjJp1rAoAGAamk0NGammoCwiKkYPODQ4I2r0SQccqgU7OdfxPuGrW7bUy2lx4oHeJn4TyPyrndtxZ/UtxowrTy+/0rp/8AEzhram7e5bGl13UhXiOQAP3+VYu24U2G/GACc1cuS8aB/jd9oWsu1/GbF1Pd3GptOAlaAR5D7+dE7Vdq3e0PCQzfspTcMwUrQISc5JqRsCheEiJwTyrSJtOF8U7N3PD7VDSr8Nl1C9EL1JzggTJgiB1rVxvILtTMubhSSs5OEkAk5kkiDBPvRWUkrSNO0AwI++VSLUKUPCFA5Bx9aLbySsgE+21dfv2Vo5rVAbhwIdQUQAAQJz7URlR1ayYIEmOe9LXGpbmlQGOnLnRrUHWZGORIqqcuqsfFHtoitzUn4hO2B7x9KXdViCkBJ5CrO6hCNKIwefKqm5PjKTqI9jH3P0qjHk7MvyY+pXvKJKiVaTJO/tFN8IbBJdiAAQkxt6UmsEuAJJgYAwZOeVXlg0htpMJHhAkVqRnlpBiCCoiFK/8ANOtEBkAbz08/2/KlW0DUCBGZ6UQFWpRC8DkRVliBHYSuR0kmvFK/p5UJkz7fWhqUsFWpKtt8UB64MFKdQSJO2M0gCYWAsjlvUVKIBVuYpUOFR1E79eXSpFciJ5VLDR6DqkgZHOjhZiD8R5z50JCgR4YJFfLQRtiKNgoMt4RJRBjflFV154gQqAJ2mJpuBpAGcQMUs+2tQ3AE/Efvzp4uha2U1o0F3+kx4SJ9fua6T2V7LfzhGr+ctW7oPhT3ZWT5jauf2Ui5fLkTqEx+VaDhTjzIS824tvSZSUkpPnFSiSNt2g4YOG8P/l7l9+NKh416Akc8Dn852HWuZcIQC64AmE6jA6ZrTcS42h9Pdvay5phasAeoz6Y86pLZaUXDpTCZUCMR60y0VSToebBTEGj6pIEJ1Ry2HpS8yIBGRI86l4gtJnIiNVBswNBH4A1SFEzAoZISnTAMjbaPuK+WcEJxiMDahKUoZH03pSJBYgCDnfflXhXJIScdagvJA1HbOflXsycCMZqEoKDuUiR9faip0gETPl+v+6CyCATOJkzkAUwgEKWdPIYO/wA6aArLm0VDWkgZj86sLYkkncgyZzJ6Z3qjtFwIcxFXFs4ZWRnnO1aYmKSpm64De3/4S3Z7ibJvWpL20KxKfqDFVvbHtUvhZ/DWrSFXKhKisGG0kdJyf8Upw/tRY8Hs02t2paFuud6ClIM4iM/6mKyfGeKni14q7LKmTOgSI8KZ0z5lMTy3g14by9wyM9jw8v8AoVAOM8Yc4haIXITcoToJSPj+fPNaj+HjV0OC3bxtz37j3gcOykpgAx5KKxP7Vibt5SntIOVcyMA+nSun9jnLe27M2iXHW0uOpKw2DKgST4Y3JEDbFcrjNuWzdizOSoy3aTSnjdy2xqUAqDqG6zJUfmTjFO2RDdmlMeEjc7EetV3H9b3GbxXcONkukaVwCR1+k1G5snlMtA8QfSMK0IAT9d69HieijIm3ZcAhMKyOk/fnS71y20AXFpSJ+u/t6VSq4SytwqW7cuDaFPGDAwIEb1JHCbNCiW7ViIzqGrz5+lXFaSC3PGbG3QrvbhtJAmCSDzn7+wintNaPOJatf67pwEpz6frVi0w22nQhCUj/AKhMAe1EKEhJASnSeXSkkx1sqLzi/Em1DuOEXS46gQSP3n6V9Z3PGH2A53VtbqMSh9RnzwBVtCYyABznNC8REERO/wC01U3ovxoobhziSFqSTaLnJEKEn50D8TeSU/hELJgABZH3zzVk6kd4s4+MjI2qKEkDw4mY8qyN7NS9G/SaYZIJnlSLa5PKmmzirEKPNnlTTeIpJhWrPOnGtqYR+x9gwRTifhpNjlTjfw0GCwyMDFTSagjapClIE1TUgYoYOakKhHpGN/iHcAuWTBGyVOAzuJA/QVmJGhIxMZ9ac7eP97xl8JKobCUehjMfOs7bXKp0qnT1rXk4jnjtAwcpRfVlslQnO1e8Ha/BcZbeZWQ2pYnMAZoa2lJGrUIipsOHKFOFCY6TnpXMUJY2jqtRnExnHWTbcZvmgjuwHllLcRAmRA+8ULhjzDL83BISRvvBn761oOL2ibx8rdOpz/tPt+VZ+64ett0BUaJEK2HT869Bx+UnGmcDk8KcXcfRpePcGsjYfjLa9tnQ4mUoYVq1Drtj3rNNtJCjq3Cqd4eVs/01EltzMefl+VCvUrQVKGJMiBVmSSktGfBBxk7QB8BWSBCgIB9KpLgnUrAGJk/l8qsXbpap8QweVVz5Eyc536UuKFF2WSkKCHLpsBJE5wcY/TFXaUAajEmJmqmxH/1qUNwgz98v0q7WDCTG+SPKtiMcgjKSACDHOvFGCn/pyANTSkpSUkpCtutQWmBn0/0KYQg+Na9AkJGwAoLwOifnRMZ0HwwJk1BB8RBBKSef6ilbAB0eE6v91KIGCYqTuZSDtkUMKzG+NqiCiUkKUfKDXqilaToVg4Go5oUwCf7TEjfNTCQdwPaiEkgDWAfpRlITpyQTtMzQAnQSTBAHMxUH8pPhifPlRAU9xcJZu7hMKKiqEkelWVreOlXjUdBEieQ5e2KpblxTN5ITrKlQIGd4pxD6yEtlICs6jO2dqHyJDOFoYeWQtSsSZM86lar8UKA1GPb7mknVhPiWsEjG8Z+4pnhi++UV7AEDp9Pf/VFSsryJKJbNEJB/P1/eKKVQfEJjoaE5gSneR5+/rU1ZSAk5nH7U1nMatnj6/DG88xivCZgR5YqBSoqkzBiRNTCRJJxmoFIhkDmcb+VeoBMA7RvUlKJEgZ3ivtWMbVCMIgwoJKifX5flTjaVakkAhZ6fWkEqGJ6+tWDc6ZRzHn98qeDK5oaa8ECIMfXpVlw/Ewcb4+/uaq2lAqAGRMEz7/fSrSxIQmAZI+dXxZkyIpe292LdFksae9BWUz5gD9aQt+In+WIecR4j4AE8zz9OXzHWrftRbJftmUlfdlDmFQCRgn5YGKyLyGlrLbQkSIk4J8+nOvGebinl2eh8e3LHQYcc1FuGU5UImYH3j612nsT+GHDmlNBIeKAVOACVDlnpnnXC27Zlag2ghagozIIE9BziuzdlrFR4Rbr1Z7pCQekAVzcMEpaO1ix9Fsz3FH1OcTulrHiLyt9okgb+gp+4GplBnf7zVW+tLt24tIACllXTc/5qzUT3UchyOY967sFpFU3oAykhopJzBEg0QjUkjZJETXqBCcnO87j7ivpBB2k05SiIykgcoqKiSo8q9PwwCJnp51BWEicz9arkWRPCYByImCDihq8Kf7id8cv8V6ojxQAYjBO1DdV4FEADG81TIvgV8jnG+c/KvRkeuwoTQzkiJ260VBkwR5/6rJI1L0bBE7jemmcDIgc8zSzRkCmm0jNXhlGhtkmrC3zypBoYV1AFWDFFFQ8zTTe1LNbU03tUYKCo2oqaG3tRE0AHwE1IDI9a+TXv7E/IT+lBeyP0cm7ULWvid+XiC53yhI28JIj5Cqa2TLgnMfv98quLm2QW3VqUtSpMknczvULa2bQ+oCcTXchkqFUYViuVjTRm3hX1pVzCjBnoabdOlAA2mq+4JQ4oJJAFcfO7bZ3sCpUxn8CtduX25UicnofOq9TWT3idQo9pxC6abdS08pAiCBBn1ml0urdWdapOM+tZscpWzVKMWqoVubcAkpwQcCl3WFvJ1CJG4qxd8LgjrFDRkGdxOeexNa4ZZUZJ8aL2UV1ZlLZUU6hPL79Ko7gJiREgDIPT51qeLf8ACrpgR61l3hOCcb+9dLjScls5PLxLG9AuFAqddXOTGxn75VbJByFFQTsDVdwv/ifMbLP51ZpQNJVsZH61uRy5PZJOsqJgGc+HnUlEpbOdQ22mvFShlKgTJPOpPGEg85qWAScOkk7JO8bV6fDO3OetSiUoUSSVKINBnwK8jp/OoSj1yC3IMgbUHUSTA9Oc/fnUp8Cv/IkURsSlPKRyohQJIKjjHPy/xRWRkmR5k7UMmGwRUsKJkD2xzqEPnXCCdOPJVAcfydpH39+le74O1JXp0kAAQQT7zQboKRCzaRd8WtW3EzqWE6CPM/fnW74rw9s2qkvNAlIJjTI/PHrWV7BNpX2wtELyNLrnoQkx+VdF44svMqKz8OMDeOtcXl5ZKWjdjiuuzj3E1G3u32kK8Kc9eXXnVjwjUmybjPU+f+qV7RJSOJKUAMwT7k/tVnYgdyyOWlI+Yk/Wupx5OUVZzuU60NBzBmI51JJkBAkkDE5pZJKQFSSfD9Zmip2UnGFRMZrUc0OUggGSonyryDqgEkb4/Ko/CME5r1aQR5TUIeEwJI9IrxCgR4iCYBMHavkjUkzyioNyEN5MHMVABUKAMkiOflTqVgplKttulKN4dCQMHejNGFrSNgB9ZpoiTHWEkuyn4jG3Ll71b255KMCJqotonVpEj/NWzJ1ISo76QfqR+1XRM0wfG0d5aR4QkKhRPIef0qpZ4PdOXybBlpKbh9YCZGOmr03NaQNof7ttwApWEavPxf4rYPtNN2zDyWkd5bQ+0Y2UVaCfkT868h5xf7LPUeHxd4Uc2f7PNINv3LrbQQIWoiCvYD9fnXUG7ZNhY95oUliSQo7EAViuIHQWyMiSIO3nWgS0lXBLt0k6n21qV6hEVy+G25bO3mXVGKb8agQMTJNWoVtnFUVsSHWwDGR9RVsjCOuTv5V6GK0cqT2GQoGYOD5V6VhIA1AE7UMkkAnMmIoJJS6QCYUBgnyimoAcKyFSMdKjlQJkHET0zUArPzH6fpXqsaDzj9/2qmZZAE4QBygZob6oYUSAlUcxU9RM0rcgC2cAEBJj7+VUTNERdsAg5236UVO5jbaI2oaB+1ET/wAeokmTWNmpH//Z
