##When an epidemic hits the rice bowl: do it all, do it for the greater good

Micro Signal, Peopleweekly

Feature description, portrait of the Times.

You think they just follow the stars? Their ability to organize from online to offline is remarkable at every moment

The fans, mostly in their 20s, are facing their first real crisis

This article first appeared in the southern people's weekly
Staff reporter, Zhang Mingmeng, intern reporter, Liang Hanwen
Editor | Zhou Jianping, Kuai Lehao
The full text is about 4,926 words and takes about 12 minutes to peruse

You think they just follow the stars? Their ability to organize from online to offline is remarkable at every moment

The fans, mostly in their 20s, are facing their first real crisis

This article first appeared in the southern people's weekly

Staff reporter, Zhang Mingmeng, intern reporter, Liang Hanwen

Editor | Zhou Jianping, Kuai Lehao

The full text is about 4,926 words and takes about 12 minutes to peruse

On the evening of January 21, "Energy China official" micro blog posted: "Zhu Yilong Public Welfare Relief Station joins hands with Energy China and Lianquan public welfare to launch emergency public welfare activities. " Hubei needs 200,000 masks, 200,000 disposable cotton pads and 1,000 bottles of hand sanitizer. Since then, the Fan Support Club began to organize, called on fans to fight the epidemic. Through donations, donations and other ways to provide support to Hubei and even the country's resource-constrained areas.

The advantage of the circle is revealed: The fan base is huge, because a certain star gathers in a group, the identity is strong, mutual trust. In the management structure of the Fan Club, the Internal Division of Labor is clear, with a strong ability to coordinate. For fans who are adept at organizing online, the fight against the epidemic is more like a re-enactment of a daily event. When the food circle meets the epidemic situation, uses in the star-following organization way, has played the unexpected function.

Cai Xukun, Zhu Yilong, and Zhang Yanqi Yoroll, members of the National Support Club, tell us about their decisions and actions from the beginning of the epidemic. Here's what they say.

You can understand that this kind of communication is a long-term tacit understanding

We have been concerned about the epidemic, the official Fan Club in the main management is a medical staff, yesterday has gone to support Wuhan.

To date, we have launched two major projects to combat the epidemic. The first is that we initially contacted the channel in the name of an official fan club to donate a batch of materials. On January 23, we saw that Tongji Hospital and Xiehe Hospital in Wuhan disclosed the news of the shortage of materials and announced the ways of receiving the materials, we "subcutaneously funded" (under the commander under the micro-staff self-funded)9960 yuan to purchase 3000 masks. Actually, masks were already out of stock that day, and we deployed different resources and finally sent them to the hospital through SF.

Our fans are very concerned about the outbreak, and they are sending US private messages about our needs. They want to do it not only with the official fan club, but also with their fans. Each person has very little ability, but together they can do something together to fight the epidemic.

Cai has one million people signed up, 27 million followers on his Weibo account and more than three million followers on the official Weibo Fan Club, a dozen of which have been linked online and offline in past campaigns. After the outbreak, we believe that the official micro-fans need to be the first time to play the role of demonstration and leadership.

This doesn't need to be discussed, nor does it need to count everyone's opinions, everyone's emotions are here, everyone's wishes are here, but you must make the first step first, we do it first, after we finish, in fact, it did play a relatively good driving role. Fans started leaving US messages, started to tell us in the management group of Wechat and Weibo, can we do something bigger with you? Can we make a donation together?

After they made their demands, we started going online to find out what kind of projects we could work on and make sure the money was there.

Everyone through the online platform, we see is "Cai Xukun fan group official micro-donation" , donation figures, the number can be seen, very transparent, this is a good feedback to fans.

This action, the official Fan Group did not with the following fan group, also did not have the communication with the fan, we release, they followed spontaneously. You can understand that this communication is a long-term tacit understanding. You're not really gonNA send out a questionnaire saying yes or no. We have more than a dozen large Weibo fan groups, each with thousands of people, and many more on Wechat. Since the 23rd, we have received a large number of requests from fans, and we knew it could be done. In general, we might think it would be a problem if no one came after the launch, but under the circumstances, all the people came together. You know this is something that you should do whether you think about 300 people, 10,000 people, or 5,000 people.

On the 23rd and 24th, we decided to make a donation, but there were few platforms, and we wanted to wait for a more mature opportunity. We started our second project, Florida, through the Sina micro-charity "donate together" campaign, with the participation of fans, and more than 10,000 people in an hour. Three days after the event, 29,892 people donated more than 580,000, plus the first 10,000 from our official fan club, almost 600,000.

Why are we able to gather over 10,000 people an hour? We have a Weibo Group and a wechat group with our fans, and we do one thing and we tweet, and instantly every fan group receives. Information expands very quickly, and that's what we capillary. Our Fan community is more of an online form to organize, in the face of this epidemic, donations, donations are the way we are used to, we can well convey the message, mobilize our group.

There aren't many people in the core of our official fan club. I can't give you the exact number. Each person has a different group, you can understand the concept of the department, have their own functions, such as some responsible for mapping and publishing.

There must be a variety of emotions in the group, such as a cold fever, a variety of influenza have started to panic, group friends will also be psychological counseling. All of this is managed by a large organizational area, where small things happen all the time.

Cai xukun Fan Tuan and micro-blog launches "together donate" campaign

Star-following is like a hobby group, we all come here for the same interest and hobby, we have the same communication basis. We have rules, we have rules, we have rules, we have rules, we have rules, we have rules, we have rules, we have rules, we have rules, we have rules, we have rules, we have rules, we have rules, we have rules, we have rules, we have rules, we have rules, we have rules, we have rules, we have rules, we have rules, and we have rules, and. Fans have a high degree of trust with each other and are a more cohesive channel and community for information sharing.

There will be managers in the group, who will understand our culture better, and we will be managing these managers, and the managers will be managing these groups, one-to-many, so that they can spread out and manage such a large organization.

In fact, we are all fans, we are all Internet friends, very equal, but he should have a basic trust to you. When you do something, and that's what he wants to do, he'll do it with you.

There is no organizational difference between this kind of donation and the normal donation. This is a community of interest. We can not force anyone, and no one will be forced by us. In the online world, but you have to make a judgment first.

We started as an official fan club, and the next thing you know, there's a bunch of flowers. For example, Cai Xukun's fans, these two days to contact a medical device manufacturing and operating license professional manufacturers, overtime production masks. Everybody's doing the best they can. Our goal is not to advertise, but to actually do something.

Next thing we know, we're thinking, what else can we do but donate? Now a variety of social forces into the theory of money may not be the most scarce, there may be a lack of some effective deployment, there may be no shortage of the overall, partial shortage of the situation. In addition, we will also pay attention to the psychological state of everyone.

Zhu Yilong Public aid station: Fans Return to reality, we are all ordinary people

We are a public welfare station composed of Zhu Yilong fans, which is organized by loose fans. Because Mr. Zhu is from Wuhan, fans will pay more attention to Wuhan.

After the outbreak, we very much want to know how the situation in Wuhan, want to do something within their power. At that time, there were a lot of private messages from fans, asking us whether we should do this charity work? After the decision was made, we also began to tweet emergency contact, choose the platform of cooperation. This is how the "special event of gathering sand into a tower, healthy Hubei" was organized.

We go to seek manufacturer to order material first, after order calculate how much money need probably, launch fund-raising again. Our plan was to raise 160,000 yuan, buy 200,000 masks, 200,000 alcohol cotton pads and 1,000 bottles of hand sanitizer, but because of the Internet delay, we received more than 170,000 yuan (178,286.26 yuan) . Then we added up the extra money and the alcohol pads we didn't get because of the situation, and bought another 100,000 masks. Most of the masks in stores in Wuhan were sold out. We worked with the platform to contact and communicate with our suppliers, and as you can see from the campaign feedback posted on Energychina's Weibo Platform, we contacted 19 companies this time and ended up choosing two suppliers. We donated 300,000 masks, 90,000 alcohol tampons, 2,000 bottles of hand sanitizer. From January 22 onwards.

@ Energy, the official in China, released a report on the use of funds by Zhu Yilong's charitable aid stations

Our station has always been doing public welfare, there is a mature system, this system in this outbreak to help us our faster implementation. After the launch of the fund-raising campaign, fans responded positively, and a little more than 20 minutes later the event was over because the target amount had been reached.

The masks we purchased are ordinary medical masks, alcohol cotton sheets and masks, mainly distributed to railway administration, by which they are distributed to volunteers, staff and the public, hand sanitizer distributed to railway stations and other public places.

In the procurement process, for the amount of transactions, what we do will be updated in a timely manner, there are detailed accounts, the flow of funds is clear, the expenditure balance will be clearly marked. Including energychina's Weibo Account, which detailed the flow of funds in response to the event.

We have five or six people involved this time, some are responsible for screening manufacturers, some are responsible for negotiating prices, some are responsible for following up.

Charity events are more specific than other events. It's a complete, long-term process to plan the event first, then contact the parties, then implement it, and then follow up with feedback. Today, Mr. Zhu Yilong also donated 1 million through the Wuhan Charity Association, and many of our fans are doing the event because... in Layman's terms, it's the positive energy of idols. He does it, and the fans want to do it.

In this incident, not only Zhu Yilong this side, each family is very powerful. There's a lot of families involved, and it's something we all want to do together. Fans are coming back to reality, and we're all human beings, and we all want to send something to the epidemic, and through that circle, everyone's little strengths come together.

Zhang Yanqi Yoroll National Support Club: All feel that the star girl is crazy, but in the face of national affairs, we are very sober

We started thinking about donations around January 23rd. Zhang Yanqi has a famous saying: "You do this money rather than how to do, as to do public welfare. " He told fans so directly, so the fans are very concerned about public welfare. We have a separate nonprofit, but since this is a very serious issue, it's not enough to rely on a nonprofit, so our support group just opened up a link, specifically to deal with it, and the fans spontaneously donated. To be distributed and spent uniformly on the official side of the club.

We have done many forms of public welfare in the past, also do not need everyone to raise money, we share a channel, everyone spontaneously to the channel inside the money, direct donations in kind form also have.

This time, not only we, each family will organize to raise money, some to find their own way to buy supplies, some to donate the money directly. We consider the individual power of the fans is not big enough, the money together, we unified to arrange, can avoid logistics and other resources waste.

A lot of hospitals don't need money, they just need supplies, so we just go around looking for supplies to donate, which is a little more helpful than just donating money. Medical supplies are scarce everywhere, such as protective clothing, medical professional masks, we through a variety of ways, such as Taobao, Alibaba... fans will also have some resources to find these materials. We then follow up with the material side, communication, verification of material specifications, whether in line with medical use standards? And then the hospital approves it, and the hospital thinks it's up to their specs, so we can buy it.

We don't have a set of rules about who is responsible for a particular item, it's all a matter of flexibility. This person talks about one item, the next person takes over the other item, and the group communicates in a timely manner. These days we hold a cell phone every day, make a phone call, send Wechat, exactly what to communicate, we have become skilled.

We had a lot of problems at first, and to be honest, we, the fans, the 20-year-old girls, we weren't familiar with the medical industry, we weren't familiar with the shipping channels, and it was all trial and error. I asked my relatives who work at the hospital where I could buy medical equipment. Fans with relatives who work in the health care system also provide information. New Year's Eve, I made a lot of calls, all said no goods, workers have a holiday, some say, orders are scheduled for March. You make 20 calls, maybe three get back to you, three of them, and then only one gets back to you. That's how we find a needle in a haystack.

These days we had the most meaningful one year, New Year's Eve, I called the Director of Concorde Hospital for more than half an hour to get through, I told him, we found here how many goggles, asked the hospital do not need? The head of the hospital has been thanking me, saying happy New Year to you! I just felt so bad about it. The doctor wanted to thank me and wish me a happy new year, and I just called him, but they took on more than that.

Everyone may think the star girl is crazy, but in fact, in front of National Affairs, everyone is very clear-headed, very rational. WE'RE NOT GONNA make any trouble. We can help if we can.

To tell the truth, our club, in front of Zhang Yanqi has never been zero sense of presence, he has never paid attention to us, we are two separate worlds. But we posted the first update resources of Material Weibo, he had the first interaction with us, we are very excited, to find the resources of the momentum is greater.

Our Club has already raised 317923 RMB from Wuhan Special Fund. With the help of all sides, there are 100,000 medical disposable surgical masks, 14,000 medical disposable latex gloves, 10,000 medical disposable hats, 740 goggles, 400 infrared thermometers and 1,000 medical disposable surgical gowns. More than 90% of the money has been spent, but some have not been sent, some have not received, so the full disbursement of funds has not yet come out, but in the end we will all post it.

Zhang Yanqi fan club material records

Following up on supplies is our top priority right now. There are some businesses that have not yet delivered, or have not been updated in a timely manner. We will urge them. Some hospitals have already received our supplies. We are also confirming with them. We hope that they can send us back a picture so that we can show it to our fans, that means we're in position.

To call on people to donate money and buy supplies is a completely different starting point than when we normally go to the polls, or when we go to the supermarket. Public Welfare is a very pure idea, you will not think we have to donate more than others, not compare the mood, purely to help others. There's competition, and the stars we support are higher on the same list as the other fans, and we're going to compare that. But this kind of purchase of goods, maybe we buy after the business is still in stock, but we have not enough money, we will also share the channel to other fans, if everyone together to help, is a very good thing.

This outbreak has been noticed by our fan club, perhaps because we are actually doing something, but also because our fan club is in a place where we can be seen and our fans can be proud and share. It's not necessarily how well we do, it's just that we're seen more. But just do it. See, don't see. It's not important.

COVID-19 PNEUMONIA SPECIAL TOPIC:

To gather the true story of the plague, and to record our fate

"Southern People Weekly" now for all the first-line readers of the new cap pneumonia, write down the story you are experiencing or seeing. If you are a front line health care worker or family member, public service worker in affected area, patient or family member, professional, etc. . If you have a story, a problem, or a suggestion, please let us know. We also collect interviewees and news leads, leave your contact information, our reporter will contact you. We will fully protect the privacy of the interviewees.

Quarantine the epidemic, but not love. Write your true story, your plight and your hope, and record our common destiny, hand in hand inside and outside the city.

The draft form is not limited: Text (2000 words or so) , pictures (original shot) , audio and video (original recording) 

I wish all the friends in the epidemic area and not in the epidemic area a happy new year, peace and health.

Submission:
1. Reporter hotline: 13918532564,13631483936
2. wuhantingzhu@126. Com
3. Southern People Weekly's official Weibo Discussion Topic: I have something to say in the epidemic area
Note: Please be sure to submit the content of the true, objective, rational, non-rumor, non-rumour.

To gather the true story of the plague, and to record our fate

"Southern People Weekly" now for all the first-line readers of the new cap pneumonia, write down the story you are experiencing or seeing. If you are a front line health care worker or family member, public service worker in affected area, patient or family member, professional, etc. . If you have a story, a problem, or a suggestion, please let us know. We also collect interviewees and news leads, leave your contact information, our reporter will contact you. We will fully protect the privacy of the interviewees.

Quarantine the epidemic, but not love. Write your true story, your plight and your hope, and record our common destiny, hand in hand inside and outside the city.

The draft form is not limited: Text (2000 words or so) , pictures (original shot) , audio and video (original recording) 

I wish all the friends in the epidemic area and not in the epidemic area a happy new year, peace and health.

Submission:

1. Reporter hotline: 13918532564,13631483936

2. wuhantingzhu@126. Com

3. Southern People Weekly's official Weibo Discussion Topic: I have something to say in the epidemic area

Note: Please be sure to submit the content of the true, objective, rational, non-rumor, non-rumour.

Go to "discover"-"take a look" browse "friends watching"

Sent

####Send it to take a look

Sending

A scan of wechat
Pay attention to the account


-------------
title: When an epidemic hits the rice bowl: do it all, do it for the greater good
source: nan-fang-zhou-mo-/-nan-fang-ren-wu-zhou-kan
authors: _
editors: _
proofreader: _
photographer: _
translator: _
via: https://github.com/2019ncovmemory/nCovMemory
link: https://mp.weixin.qq.com/s/WXvKDeeL5kyqvR9csV8img
archive: https://archive.is/BUvJ8
snapshot: https://github.com/2019ncovmemory/nCovMemory/blob/master/archive/jpg/149.jpg
lead: For the first time in their lives, these 20-somethings are in a crisis.
cover: data:image/jpeg;base64,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
