##The book of the plague

Wechat Yangxiaojiezousifang

Function is introduced, this is a brain a little big, three view complex, full of the boss personal style of the public. This number only focus on home sauce like things, only do home sauce love content. The time has come to test the similarity of the three views. You are welcome to visit. Love you. Mwah

Follow me at the bottom of the headline

The last one was cut for some reason. Honestly, I don't know why it's been deleted, and it's been blocked for days. A friend in the background to ask whether the bomb, this really no, just have a job, just empty a few days did not write. As a writer, the content of the work is all written to write, of course, their own public name can not day more. Of course, the average month can still do it.

January 29th, the fifth day of the Lunar New Year

The first day I started working at home.

In fact, I have to pass through Beijing from my hometown to my hometown. On the second night of the Lunar New Year, when we came in late at night, we used what little strength we had left and had a good think about whether we should go back to our mother's house.

If I had a little misjudgment about the outbreak, I'd have the fridge cleaner than a girl's face by the time I got home for Spring Festival.

I have to. I didn't go back to my mother's house for the first year of our marriage. My mother would die of grief. You tell me the truth, and I'll tell you what, I'm GonNa get something from my mom.

So the third day back to his mother's house, the fourth night back to Beijing. "What are you doing back here? " My mother said, filling my bag with food.

Remember this. This is a war reserve.

February 1, the eighth day of the Lunar New Year

This is usually the time to buy a lottery ticket, but this year it's not feasible.

Chat with my sister division, this year's Spring Festival we all have a relatively hard, from January 21 division I began to prepare for the report of the epidemic began to do, is basically in the title to find someone to write the manuscript spent. Some miss reporter can also graze sheep, but most people do not have this blessing. Miss I division reporter, one simply did not go home, there was an early return home, a look at the epidemic emergency, did not wait until the year 30 to return to Beijing to prepare for war, and then just returned, the community is in a semi-closed state.

I heard that people spend their 30s in instant noodles.

Then the group chat, instant noodles Miss Youyou to a sentence, more than a week did not talk to the real person.

She's not silent, but talking is talking to someone on the phone, which is the same as talking to an AI.

It sounds crazy, right? Miss home is not far from my home, with a "not at this juncture to drive a reporter crazy" heart, I let miss home for dinner. The young lady graciously brought a bottle of wine, and I received a gift of gold. What can I do in return? Chiung Yao, my mother's strategic supplies were put to good use.

Who would have thought this would be the only social occasion in more than half a month

February 2nd

I couldn't wait to get my hands on it.

Just graduated when playing heavy, have good friends in Wuhan, so long as there is Hubei topic, always extra positive, for a year how have to go back, interview, dinner. Did Not expect the accumulation of interview resources and friends, in this outbreak in the report to give a lot of help.

Talk about geographical attraction, it seems that Hubei really has more friends. Reading, with the dormitory girls are good girls, can only work together, can not eat and drink with the kind of fun. I was drinking with my best friend from another dorm, and a guy who couldn't hold his liquor.

One day a girl from Jingmen knocked on the door of our dormitory with two cans of Jingmen Beer. Although I have never seen this wine in other places, also forget what the taste is, the girl also had a stable life in her hometown, a month to say a word, but the moment of surprise is still quite memorable.

To get back to the point, interview this matter, or to practice, often do not interview, easy to stammer. And I wonder, does anyone really love being an editor?

February 4th

I can't believe you got yourself a business trip at this time of year. I'm so jealous.

I don't know, it's not good to date your peers, people think you're the condor heroes, but you do it every day. And Friends of the media gentleman now learn bad, speaking half, a mask factory production topics, he began to tell me about the time, this topic bland. Until the night of February 3rd, when he said he was going on a business trip.

I said later. What?

Only then did he explain the problem in detail.

I immediately started looking for a cell phone, planning to give the leadership of the topic, tomorrow together business trip, free interview. You, my friend, will not allow it.

So I talked it over with him, and I said, "can you accept that I'm going on a business trip with you, and then I'll come back and write it? "?

The friend Media Gentleman says can not, you issue cycle is short, you all sent, I send what?

I mean, would you be okay with US doing it together and publishing it on the same day?

You said You'd be okay with me sending it first, and then you sending it the next day?

I mean, why would I do that?

For the sake of family harmony, I, give up this topic, stay at home to rewrite.

Self-cultivation will certainly affect the cause of development, the ancients do not deceive me.

February 5th

Never so keen on cleaning and cleaning, the house finally forced out of a neat cell.

It is said that some journalists have to pack up like an obsessive compulsive before writing articles. I have never had such a hobby before. I have to browse Taobao before writing and revising articles, but recently I am not very good at placing orders for logistics. This habit has been abruptly interrupted, i had to learn how to clean.

It's a little hard to understand why housewives have a mysterious obsession with the cleanliness of their homes. Stay at home, do housework can be the only exercise, once a day is not very good?

Mopping the floor with disinfectant every two days is a bit of a nervous breakdown, a bit of a throwback to childhood dental domination.

I had a lot of perfumes in my collection, and my friend thought it would be a waste of time, so he picked a few inexpensive Air freshener. It's a prerequisite. After mopping the floor, the smell was so overwhelming that I picked it up on the table as Air freshener perfume and sprayed it twice -- as if it were a perfume

It's a Kappa sportswear perfume. I don't care what the middle and back notes are, the top notes are full of the scent of Patchouli.

So in disinfection water and Patchouli Zhengqi water under the double blessing, soaring.

February 6th, across the 7th

A lot of people stayed up all night. I division out of 7 little brother and sister reporters and an intern little brother, at least three did not sleep, three or four o'clock still throw links to the group.

It's almost 12:00 and the boss says, "you made that up? "? I said yes, and opened the bottle of wine miss instant noodles had brought.

An obituary, a bottle of wine. It was still the custom in those days to write obituaries. There was a time when a lot of famous people died, when you had to stay up all night writing obituaries, and the stock of wine was quickly gone. Now finally is not his writing, a desk lamp a computer, a bottle of wine, and so on, the kind of silent feeling of suffering, no difference at all.

The group has been in a deep-fried state, until 2:00 in the morning, I thought most of the People Asleep, but 2:58 Guan Xuan, the instant another bomb wave. Yes, everyone just brush tired, do not want to talk, just silently do not talk and wait for news. And then someone cursed and cried, like, until someone said that the physiological stress response actually made them vomit.

I used to think that this kind of late-night obituaries are colleagues, this night is not just colleagues sleepless.

A couple of friends had a little chat, said, "I'll come over for a drink after the outbreak. ". There are those on the Wuhan Front Line and those in the rear, and we seem to be unable to say anything else. I said yes.

I handed in my manuscript at five o'clock in the morning, and when I was waiting for the final reply, I fell asleep. For the first time, I felt that I might be a little too old to drink or stay up all night.

Early in the morning by colleagues small brother phone wake up, is the first contact interview small brother. Listen, I think he's crying, too.

Never Young, never tearful, perhaps a point of pride for many of my peers -- a sensitive, emotional, empathetic, and, for a moment, perhaps, punishing moment.

February 8th, January 15th

I told my friends years ago, come to my house on the 15th of the first month. Then came the 15th day of the first lunar month, a group of people in Wuhan, a group of people at home. Friends and media bought two bags of dumplings, boiled, their brick.

My mom was kind enough to ask, are you guys done with your food? I realized that staying at home was a real food saver. I couldn't eat.

T teacher in Wuhan sent us a link, said you have started business again, buy a pair of goggles. Forget the medical stuff. Get the military stuff. I looked at the link and hesitated. It wasn't cheap, but I wondered if "military" meant anything to me -- was it all military?

Then the goggles arrived, and we were both a bit square. Two four-eyed dogs, and a friend of the media, are used to wearing framed glasses. The glasses in the goggles don't seem to match.

February 9th

Friends who work from home can no longer sit still, crying for their parents to return to work.

Heart Road, is not every day envy US media workers do not have to punch a clock to work? To give you a taste of what it's like to work from home.

It's not easy, really. Usually not mandatory at home, it really can be a week, but a mandatory always want to go out.

Usually with a friend media gentleman is also a person a room to write, but old detention in the same space, each other did not like. Under the pressure of code, each other have frowned said to each other "Oh you do not bother me. ". The person I miss the most is the trainer. I've never wanted to go to the gym so much.

Friends say your Home Office is so inefficient. Heart this is not bullshit, excluding the commute time and the office fishing time, your effective working time of the day and we are almost good, right?

Quite a lot of the work can actually be done at home. Boss, wake up. Aren't meal and taxi subsidies money?

February 10th

I feel like a bad person for once. Blocked a wechat friend who had helped to contact the reporter. It's not a good feeling.

A local civil servant (not Hubei) posted a friend circle to the effect that we criticize the Hubei government because we want the country to solve the problem, and some people criticize because we want the problem to solve the country. Some members of the press are advised to take care of themselves.

Since I don't have much public contact with him, and I know that I'm the only media person he's ever attacked, I can't help but feel that this is a friend circle for me to read.

That is, it can not be said that they have prejudice against public servants. After all, many of their friends are also public servants. It is quite pleasant for everyone to get along and seek common ground while shelving differences. At this time, some public servant friends risk going down to the grass roots, are Some civil servants working in departments too busy to eat, while others are neither busy nor working at the grass-roots level, monitoring the media through the air?

We have a well-known saying in our trade, woodpeckers do not strike the trunk of a tree to knock it down, but to make it grow straighter. Perhaps they differ fundamentally from us in our understanding of this saying.

I spent a lot of time online with my gay friends that night. We're talking to our friends now, he said, his cell phone set far away.

I? ? ? ?

Not so much. Not so much!

Then he was punched in the face, posted on February 7th, and deleted the next day.

I don't think I've ever been a media mogul, so I'm not used to this sort of thing. At ordinary times, the official name is written casually like one's own backyard. Some of the readers have been accompanying them all the way from their school days. They never imagined that there would be such a thing as argument and reporting. Indeed, some readers who said, "I'm not here to argue, " really did, there are readers who say, "I'm not looking for a fight, " and they do.

A few years ago, I wrote a story about a blind girl. A sharp eyed reader says, make that up. She's blind. Why is she wearing a watch? Can she see?

It's time, Harvard?

I don't know when, to find fault and report, has become the only way to prove their eyes and take a stand. The expression ability is poor to return to practice, raise the bar and point to report this kind of behavior is really low, do not like this reader, please close.

As for the WECHAT friend, perhaps because of the recent unprecedented increase in sensitivity, always feel "good for yourself" behind the four words, there is a pair of eyes staring, always ready to report screenshots. It's creepy to think about.

But where does this sense of insecurity come from?

February 11th

Friends of the media usually have a good tradition: tidy up the express boxes and all kinds of bottles and cans, and then every once in a while to sell waste.

There was a time when such frugality envied many of my closest friends.

I told him about, years ago, sell a wave, otherwise it will pile up to years later. Friends, friends, friends, friends, friends, friends, friends, friends. Then, on New Year's Day twenty-seven, he called the junk man and he told him, boy, I've gone home.

The epidemic continued throughout the first month, GRANDPA did not return to Beijing. After, the boxes and cans continued to stack up to the roof.

The bewitched weep no tears.

Valentine's Day, February 14th

I woke up with a screen full of "pneumonia" days, and finally brought PTSD. For three or four days in a row, my head ached, my shoulders sank, my eyes ached, my shoulders, my waist, my arms ached, and I couldn't sleep. I was lethargic for more than 10 hours every day, he's only awake for about six or seven hours. Miss Reporter sent back the manuscript, every word is known, but even into a paragraph can not read in, read ten times can not understand what is said.

I've had my temperature up and down, and everything's fine. And so, to my dismay, I had to admit that I was depressed by the epidemic.

The leader asks when the manuscript comes out, all add a sentence at the back, I am not to urge you.

I couldn't wait to cry.

Snow falls in Beijing on Valentine's Day. Can Not date, two code word dog very tacitly, who did not mention what festival ceremony, stepped on a foot of snow a foot of mud to go out to buy a bunch of flowers, no.

Above, from a rabid homeworking party.

WECHAT SWEEPS UP Praise for author

####Send it to the author

People Admire

Long-press the QR code to transfer the funds to me

Under apple's new rules, wechat's iOS version of the APP has been turned off to support public accounts through Qr code transfers.

Go to "discover"-"take a look" browse "friends watching"

Sent

####Send it to take a look

Sending

A scan of wechat
Pay attention to the account


-------------
title: The book of the plague
source: yang-xiao-jie-zou-si-fang
authors: _
editors: _
proofreader: _
photographer: _
translator: _
via: https://github.com/2019ncovmemory/nCovMemory
link: https://mp.weixin.qq.com/s/Wm7DxACUyaGgQByXJ1w7pA
archive: https://archive.li/6MZZf
snapshot: https://github.com/2019ncovmemory/nCovMemory/blob/master/archive/jpg/1405.jpg
lead: Living in a house for half a month is like living in Hell
cover: data:image/jpeg;base64,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
