##Diary of the plague: We all suffered a crisis of faith, picking through the rubble for the rest of the stones

World-views

Introduction to the function, re-understanding the world

If there's one thing that's amazing, it's that 20 days after the siege, no one's lost their sense of humor. The impression is that humor should be the first emotion to disappear in the epidemic area. After a storm of anger and despair, humor tenaciously reverts to its rightful place. Jokes spawned by boredom at home, patchwork travel protection in plastic bags and water bottles, and placards with brutal directness are as widespread as news of the epidemic.

From time to time there was laughter in the patient-free home. The laughter was louder than usual, and the punchline was lower because of the virus. When a community blocks people from going out, it makes them laugh. People don't go out of their way to find comedy or entertainment for fun, and that's still out of place. Humor must revolve around the epidemic itself. This gives it an unusual meaning. Humor is not an escape, but another reminder of the crisis.

Meemaw learned how to use her smartphone during the outbreak. Her previous resistance to this has been trumped by the need to speak daily with her grandchildren. She has spent more and more time on short videos and has fallen out with the official media, which has been a staunch believer for more than 70 years. She knew the word "rumor" and spelled Pi as bi. On the television news, she came up to me and said, "are you still fighting the rumor? I don't see how long we can fight the rumor. ". I was amused by the remark and said, grandma, you are becoming the cynic of our family.

She is our home action radius of the largest one, clearly know the early morning garbage truck to the community time, timed to go out for air, before closing back. After February 11, she decided not to take any more risks. All residential areas in Wuhan are under close management, with or without a confirmed diagnosis. We were surprised at the tardiness of the order. Other provinces in the country have practice, but the epidemic center of Wuhan, only now began to implement. In fact, into February, the community security has been making fun of this. In the winter, they wore military overcoats. This year, they were the exception. They were wrapped in thick sweaters and coats, covered with security guards'uniforms. They bulged their clothes, and their faces were still wizened and looked incongruous. They were not allowed to gather in groups, each assigned to a different exit, where each would guard the hut. No more residents to chat, security to scare passersby for fun, said that the community will be closed tomorrow, the road will not go. The residents listened and told each other, and the next day, the door was still open. And back and forth a few times.

When the block was really sealed, the security guards back to the house, no longer joking, bowed his head, as if the command is their unfortunate words. Instead, the lattice worker stands in the doorway, wearing a red sleeve band, middle-aged, a man and a woman. The man is not easy to talk, overcast face, that all the people who apply to go out are nothing to find trouble. Before this, we have not seen what grid member, the community phone can not get through, property phone I call, the other side turned down the volume of the TV, ask, what is it. I said, there is no confirmed in the community, eliminate kill a plan. I don't know, he said, and hung up. On the same day, the Party Secretary of Wuhan announced on television that the rate of house searches was 98.6 percent. I mean, that makes us 1.4% . He went on to say that the turnout was 99% . I say we're at 1% .

We send one person to buy food every three days, leaving precious quotas for those who need the most exercise. The resulting weight is one of the most reliable facts of the plague. Our weight is at an all-time high. No one exercises twice a day except grandma. When I washed my face, I realized that the physical changes. The Hands Pass over the Jawbone and descend, not diagonally to the chin, but meeting the curve of the ARC and changing course. My hand went back to feel the plump cheeks it had never felt before. I also found a growing body in my abdomen, buttocks, thighs, and even my fingers.

It has to do with reckless drinking. Ten days after the siege, we Money for Nothing out twenty years'worth of inventory, one item at a time. My father said, "drink up, you may be arrested tomorrow. ". He said "grab" as if by some strange force he had snatched the man away. Nails and hair growing like weeds. My father's hair was the longest in ten years, he said, and at night he heard clumps of it coming up. It's the first time I've ever seen him in pajamas. The men in our family are all against Pajama, and the women are all too willing to change that.

At this point, the city has a daily order. Water, electricity, Internet, garbage collection, street cleaning, since the beginning of the new year, has not been affected by the signs. I resumed my work online, sorting through the footnotes of my dissertation, and moving toward order and order. After Dr. Lee died, I couldn't get back to work for two days. The group of volunteers who had joined were still working. We Act with caution, passing the passage of life, can not bear the risk of censoring. At first they coordinated supplies, then they helped people with the infection get admitted, and the admissions process was almost complete, turning to non-pneumonia patients for treatment and medicine, and arranging for homeless migrant care workers and construction workers. Big and small, any assistance you can get.

The flood of information for help, first a brain tingle, and so on to adapt, but also to call the patient information of the perturbed and anxious. I put the number into my phone, went over what I was going to say and dialed it nervously. I was afraid of the rush, the anticipation, the desperation. Worry about losing someone's hope, and try not to contact someone if you're not sure you can help. In the hands of volunteers, it's often the normal course of action. When it's turned off, you either lose someone or you find a way out.

I got help from people around me, and I failed twice in a row. Once, the whole family was infected, leaving eight-year-old children, the father is a soldier, can not return to the station. The army says they can take the kids, but they can't come and get them. We've reached Wuhan. The other side said that it is illegal to take any Wuhan person out of Wuhan now. We said, "why don't we take the kids home? ". The mother doesn't want the baby to carry the virus. The second time, friend 90-year-old father, not coronary pneumonia, emergency surgery, closed community can not go out, 120 dozen, half a day waiting for the car, and pushed to the community. Last I heard, the neighborhood didn't have a car. We didn't dare call again to see if it was resolved.

Joining the Volunteer Corps started out as a way to pass the time by looking for action. Even on the ground, there's less and less to do. After the block was closed, the volunteers could not go out. Volunteering is about proving your impotence over and over again. It struggles with daily failure. We were told to wait, to wait out a crisis. It is also known as modern warfare, where no one is allowed to be a soldier, no one is allowed to die, and no one is allowed to be a martyr. It turns most of the people at the center of the war into bystanders.

The final scene, from the construction site has been doing safety supervision of the childhood. He signed up for Vulcan Mountain, then the hospital, then the shelter. During the long night shift, he'd send me pictures and tell me stories. He said, the accident came out, what kind of people, at a glance to see. Ask Him, he does not say much, just say, wait until the face to say. I said, "meet. " When's that GONNA happen. He posted a photo of the hot and dry noodles. In the morning light, there was beef, Tamarind, diced radish, Chili, scallions, Cilantro. It was his surprise after work.

He finished his work and went home to quarantine himself. He asked. Do you know the man who swindled the delivery guy. I mean, yeah, I couldn't find a car, I lied about my husband's fever, I asked the delivery guy to take him to the hospital, and he was diagnosed. He said, "which one do you blame? When the time comes, do you want to live? ". She went to the delivery guy afterwards, hoping to remind him that she was a bad person. Life is suddenly a matter of choice. It means luck, hope, struggle. We can't truly know ourselves without making a choice. Choose the exit, is the responsibility of the word. Can't be responsible for everyone all the time. Responsibility is an irreconcilable conflict. It means constant deception, sacrifice, abandonment. Choice is not about personal values and morality, but about choosing others and choosing who we are accountable to before the absurdity of living as it has always been.

We were all having a crisis of faith, picking through the rubble. Religion can not explain the necessity of suffering, morality can not cope with the weakness of action, and tradition can not describe modern injustice. There's no substitute for faith. It's time to stand up and say, "I'll do it. ". People realize that long-held beliefs can only explain the calm of everyday life, and when the waves hit them, they don't come back. Something's watching. That's not Poker Face. If there was a curtain that could be pulled down, one would not hesitate to go up and tear it open to see the truth and arrangement behind. But in the unflappable air, not a scratch was left. There's nothing to hate or forgive. They've forgiven themselves in advance.

My mother asked me, why didn't God come to save the man who was drowning in the lake? I said, I don't see any splash. No, she said, because the man had sunk to the bottom of the lake.

It's all counting down. In front of the hospital bed in the countdown, the opening of the shops in the countdown, the truck on the road and the aircraft in the sky in the countdown, the quiet of the city and the unknown isolation in the countdown. Freedom and a countdown to life, loneliness and death a countdown. What clock shall we be hung upside down, naked. The second hand moving louder and louder, closer and closer to the ear. Deafening.

The boundaries of dream reality become blurred. Dreams Begin to perpetuate reality, and reality gradually invades them. There were masks, disinfectant, numbers, empty cities. Two years ago, my mother insisted on putting on curtains that kept out the light. When I woke up in the middle of the night, I found myself in a place of absolute darkness. Turn on the light, pull back the curtain, turn off the light, the real night is not so dark. It glowed with a dull white light. The day is absurd and Pale, but the night is watching you. Once the night is gone, I wake up naturally. Except on the morning of February 13th. The mother pushed the door open and said, it's not good, you're still sleeping. I said, what's going on. Today, she said, more than 10,000 cases have been added.

I realized that in addition to eating and sleeping, I also needed to sweat. It helps me eat well, control weight gain, sleep well, an important part of the cycle. Resisting the physical changes of isolation is the last thing you can do. The body is the politics. I followed the gymnastics, increase the intensity of the movement, panting, the floor is thump thump thump, sweat dripping.

“Keep digging, keep digging. Come on, Come on.”

I lay on the floor, out of breath, and turned to face the ceiling.

“Ten seconds, give me more. Dig! Dig!”

Deep breathing, dizziness, head light spinning.

“Four,”

And the body starts to spin.

“Three,”

My heart skipped a beat, and that was all I heard.

“Two,”

Black things flashed by. I closed my eyes.

“One.”

I saw the night outside my window, and it was coming towards us.

WECHAT SWEEPS UP Praise for author

####Send it to the author

People Admire

Long-press the QR code to transfer the funds to me

Under apple's new rules, wechat's iOS version of the APP has been turned off to support public accounts through Qr code transfers.

Go to "discover"-"take a look" browse "friends watching"

Sent

####Send it to take a look

Sending

A scan of wechat
Pay attention to the account


-------------
title: Diary of the plague: We all suffered a crisis of faith, picking through the rubble for the rest of the stones
source: shi-feng
authors: _
editors: _
proofreader: _
photographer: _
translator: _
via: https://github.com/2019ncovmemory/nCovMemory
link: https://mp.weixin.qq.com/s/hL33A6zuyiGP6wlX3BDe3Q
archive: http://archive.ph/B3Gq4
snapshot: https://github.com/2019ncovmemory/nCovMemory/blob/master/archive/jpg/1902.jpg
lead: If there's one thing that's amazing, it's that 20 days after the siege, no one's lost their sense of humor.
cover: data:image/jpeg;base64,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
