##How officials will be held accountable? Public is most concerned outside the control of the epidemic

Wechat, chinanewsweekly

Function introduction, here is "China News weekly" the head of the weekly gentleman, the influence has the influence you. Come with me to break through the fog, to find the truth, to watch the Times.

Seek truth from facts

Residents of a residential area in Nanchang, Jiangxi Province, show their identity cards as they enter the area on Feb. 14. Photo / China News

Observation on "accountability for epidemic situation" in officialdom

By Xu Tian

Published in the 938th issue of China Newsweek on March 9,2020

On March 2nd, a news event of "accountability for the epidemic" triggered a heated discussion in Foshan because "the newly diagnosed persons of pneumonia who have been released from Wuhan Women's prison arrived in Beijing from Han Dynasty" , which triggered an "earthquake" in the judicial system of Hubei Province.

In Hubei, the Party secretary and Director of the Provincial Department of Justice, Tan Xianzhen, filed a case for investigation; the Party Secretary and Director of the Provincial Prison Administration Bureau, Hao Aimin; the Party Committee member and deputy director of the Provincial Prison Administration Bureau, Hu Chenghao; Party Committee member, Political Department Director Zhang Xinhua and Penalty Enforcement Director Li Xin were both removed from their posts and put on file for investigation.

The party directly concerned, the former party secretary of Wuhan Women's prison and the prison director, Zhou Yukun, were placed on file for review and investigation under the circumstances that he had already been removed from his post, guo Qiuwen, deputy director of the prison, and Tang Zaorong, head of the execution section, were also dismissed and placed on file for investigation. In addition, Wan Chi Keung, deputy director of the east-west Lake District Public Security Bureau in Wuhan, was removed from his post and a case was filed for investigation.

The word dismissal has been used frequently during this outbreak, and each time it has attracted intense attention. The first official to draw attention was Tang Zhihong, the former director of the Huanggang City Health Commission. At the end of January, she was dismissed on January 30 for "not knowing anything" in the face of an inspection team sent to Huanggang by the Central Guidance Team.

What kind of accountability is removal? How are officials held accountable in this outbreak? In addition to the epidemic itself, prevention and control measures, this is the issue of greatest concern to the public.

Basis for accountability

"The Huanggang Municipal Committee has agreed to nominate and remove comrade Tang Zhihong from the post of Director of the Huanggang Health Commission in accordance with the relevant laws, " the Huanggang statement said

According to the Regulations on the selection and appointment of leading cadres of the Party and government, there are eight types of cases in which leading cadres of the Party and government need to be removed from their posts: those who have reached the age limit for holding office or the age limit for retirement; those who should be removed from their posts if they are investigated for their responsibility; Those who are unfit for their current posts should be removed from their posts; those who should be removed from their posts due to violations of discipline and law; those who resign or are transferred out of their posts; those who are selected by non-organizations and have applied for separation from their posts for study for more than one year; those who are unable to perform their work duties normally for more than one year due to health reasons; Those who should be removed from their posts due to work needs or other reasons.

Only from the official announcement, the reasons for Tang Zhihong's dismissal are not very clear. In the same vein, Wang Shiwen, the former head of Ezhou's Health Care Commission, who was later removed from his post, said in an official statement that, "Wang Shiwen was nominated and removed from his post as director of the Municipal Health Commission, and was removed from his post as director of the Municipal Public Hospital Administration Center due to the name change. " The reasons for his dismissal are also difficult to judge accurately.

In fact, the province has had more senior deposed officials, including Zhang Jin, the former party chief of the provincial health commission, and Liu Yingzi, its former director.

One possibility is that the nature of the actions taken by the officials, who were dismissed from their posts for wrongdoing, has yet to be further clarified and verified, a grass-roots supervisory committee official from another province told China News Weekly, he was simply removed from office at a time when he was no longer fit to continue in office.

Mao Zhaohui, director of the anti-corruption and anti-corruption Policy Research Center at Renmin University of China, told China News weekly that the current dismissals of some officials in Hubei Province are different from those in the general sense. "This dismissal will be followed by accountability. But for now, after this incident has calmed down, there will be additional accountability. " Two reasons, one is that if accountability is immediate, the facts may not be clear. The other is that it will affect attention, which should be focused entirely on the prevention of the epidemic.

As a result, the above-mentioned notice of dismissal remains to be further observed. So, in the epidemic, Hubei Province has made the decision of accountability nature of the dismissal?

The answer is: Yes, and a lot. For example, in the case of the Hubei Provincial Judicial System earthquake mentioned at the beginning of this article, more than people were removed from their posts and put on file for review and investigation.

In accordance with the rules for the supervision and enforcement of discipline work by the Communist Party of China Discipline Inspection Organs, "If, after preliminary verification, the disciplinary and supervisory organ needs to investigate the disciplinary or legal responsibility of party members, cadres and the target of supervision for any suspected violation of discipline or post-related law or post-related crime, it shall file a case for examination and investigation. "

That is to say, those who want to file a case for examination and investigation are all those who have clearly grasped some facts and evidence of violation of discipline or post-related violations of the law or post-related crimes. And the decision to remove someone from a position like this is bound to be an accountability issue.

Another well-known and clear accountability for the dismissal is that of the Hubei Red Cross. According to the website of the Hubei Provincial Commission for Discipline Inspection and supervision, "after investigation, the relevant leaders and cadres of the provincial Red Cross Society have committed dereliction of duty and responsibility in accepting and distributing donations and materials during the epidemic prevention and control period... they have decided to remove the party members and full-time vice-presidents of the Red Cross Society of Zhangqin province from their posts, and to give them serious inner-party warnings and major demerits in administrative records. ". The reason for the dismissal is obvious. In addition to the officials'violation of discipline and law and removal from office, they are given double punishments in Party discipline and government affairs.

The different reasons for removal reflect the degree to which officials are held accountable. There are several ways of accountability, including Organizational Treatment, party discipline, administrative punishment, and so on. In short, the latter two are relatively light in terms of organizational treatment. Party discipline is imposed on party members, while administrative discipline is imposed on all those who perform public duties. Dismissal is a kind of organizational treatment, not a form of punishment.

According to the relevant regulations, accountability has an impact period. Leading cadres who have been admonished shall not be promoted or reused within six months; leading cadres who have accepted blame and resigned or have been ordered to resign or have been dismissed for accountability shall not be given leadership positions within one year and may not be promoted within two years; Those who are transferred from their posts or removed from their posts because they are not suitable for their current posts shall not be promoted within one year.

In other words, the reasons for the above-mentioned reasons are not clear, if it is deemed inappropriate or accountability, at least one year can not be promoted, or even two years.

One of the best known officials to have resigned and been dismissed was the SARS era mayor of Beijing, Meng Xuenong, who was dismissed from his party post after three months in office and resigned as mayor. Then, in 2008, he was removed from his party post again because of the dam failure incident and resigned as governor.

It should be noted that officials who are removed from office will generally retain their previous rank unless there is a separate disciplinary action. For example, Meng Xuenong, the mayor of Beijing and the Governor of Shanxi Province are both senior ministers, and since then he has served as deputy secretary of the Work Committee of the Central Government, still at the senior ministerial level.

Compared with organizational treatment, the nature of the five types of Party discipline is more severe, and the impact period is relatively longer. If they are warned, severely warned or removed from their party posts, they are not allowed to be promoted for one year, one and a half years and two years respectively. If he is subject to the sanction of being kept in the Party for observation, his post within the Party will be naturally revoked. No reinstatement or promotion is permitted within two years of the restoration of the rights of Party members. The most severe form of Party discipline is expulsion from the party.

In addition to the way party members are held accountable, the supervisory law of the People's Republic of China and the Interim Provisions on administrative sanctions against public officials also stipulate the form of sanctions against all the objects of unlawful supervision, namely administrative sanctions, including warnings, demerits, demerits, demotion, dismissal, dismissal, and so on.

"from the start, fast. "

On January 30,2020, the Hubei Provincial Commission for Discipline Inspection issued a notice, proposing six words: "from the top to the top, investigate and punish quickly. ". Notification in progress, sentence is too long, please supply a shorter sentence

At the same time, wang Lishan, a member of the Standing Committee of the CPC Hubei Provincial Committee, Secretary of the Provincial Commission for Discipline Inspection and head of the Provincial Supervision Committee, put forward five "strictest" measures: The strictest measures, the strictest style of work, the strictest management, the strictest supervision and the strictest accountability.

Other provinces in the country also in the epidemic, has put forward a similar demand for accountability, such as "severe. ". This sets the tone for how things are handled around the world.

Mao Zhaohui pointed out that severe, refers to some special state of affairs, if its social harm is big, the influence is big, with the upper limit as the investigation standard.

The most serious forms of accountability are expulsion from the Party and from public office, known as "double-opening" . Among the reported cases of accountability in Hubei Province, a typical "double opening" case is in Xianning. Luo Yuqin, the first secretary of Banqishan village in Zhaoliqiao town, and Lei Luping, secretary of the Party branch and head of the village committee, went to the villagers'homes for dinner, later, with the village Party Branch Deputy Secretary, Party members and some villagers gathered together gambling. It also deals with issues such as desertion from work, desertion from duty, driving a work vehicle illegally to carry non-staff members or to take relatives out of the city in a work vehicle, resulting in irregular movement of persons. Luo Yuqin was fired, Lei Luping was expelled from the Party and removed from his position as the head of the village committee.

Other provinces have dealt with similar situations during the epidemic, in which cadres left their posts without permission and gathered to gamble, perhaps because of differences in the details of the cases, and were not separated. For example, the former secretary of the Shatuo Village Party branch and the head of the village committee in Wuqing District, Tianjin, were removed from their party posts and ordered to resign as village committee directors.

Henan Province has also announced the "double opening" model. Li Qiang, deputy director of the Economic Development Administration and Statistics Department of Zhengzhou Airport economic comprehensive experimental area, refused to cooperate with the inspection of the epidemic prevention and control personnel when he went back to his residential area after drinking and driving, and together with three of his relatives beat the staff member. He was detained by the Public Security Bureau in accordance with the law, along with three others involved in the beating.

The typical case that is more common in the notice of each province is desertion. For example, Chou Chun, a staff member in the audit section of Xiangyang's Economic Responsibility Audit Bureau, refused to comply with the requirement of "reporting to the unit and the community every day" . But after the community arranged for him and the community cadre to deliver goods in a certain community the next day, he learned that there was a suspected case of new pneumonia in that community, and he was afraid of being infected by the virus and refused to carry out this task, and I don't work with the community. In addition, he also moved away from the home, living in the hotel, did not report the whereabouts, also did not report the physical condition for many days. In the end, he was expelled from the Party and demoted from the first rank to the second.

A similar situation occurred in Liaoning, but the treatment was slightly less severe. Jiang Tian, a staff member of the Tuk Work Market Supervision and Administration Office of the Tiexi District Market Supervision and Administration Bureau in Shenyang, refused to answer phone calls or return wechat calls, opened a medical diagnosis letter and refused to go to work when the person in charge repeatedly called and was informed by Wechat that he was going to work. Subject to party inspection for one year, administrative removal from office, from the two-level director of staff reduced to three-level director of Staff.

Another typical case that is more common in circulars is underreporting. For example, Zhang Xinfu, vice principal of Tongcheng County Experimental Primary School in Xianning, returned from Wuhan with his wife. On January 22, they held a party for more than 10 tables in violation of regulations for their father. They entertained more than 100 people and received 2,000 yuan in gifts. Then accompanied his wife in the hospital treatment, conceal contact history in Wuhan, his wife was diagnosed, the hospital 20 medical staff and a number of cadres and people were isolated observation. During the review, Zhang also refused to cooperate. After that, he was expelled from the Party and, together with his wife, was handed over to the public security organs to be dealt with according to law.

This is also more common outside Hubei Province, although in the official circular, perhaps because the circumstances are different, the punishment is also slightly lighter than in Hubei Province. For example, the deputy principal of a primary school in Tianjin was given the sanction of removing his party post and removing him from Government Office for not reporting his son's return from Wuhan; the daughter of the Deputy Secretary of the Party branch of a street in Shizuishan, Ningxia, returned home from Wuhan, if he fails to report the case truthfully, he shall be given a disciplinary warning within the party.

There is a more common type of typical cases is not to implement, false as, false as. For example, a group of Wuhan Returnees from Shuiyuan Village, Fenglin town, Huangshi, Hubei Province, were admitted to hospital for observation. Some of them were later diagnosed, but during this period, the temperature information reported by 124 returnees for three consecutive days showed no change, the patients who were later diagnosed also reported normal body temperature. After investigation, is the Village Committee Deputy Director Hu Qingliang did not fill in truthfully. He was given a year's probation and removed from his post as deputy director of the Water Source Village Committee.

The share of sanctions in accountability varies from place to place based on publicly available data. The cities with the highest percentage of disciplinary actions in Hubei Province are Xianning and Qianjiang. As of February 23,399 people had been held accountable in Xianning, of which 135, or 33.3 per cent, had been disciplined. In Qianjiang, as of February 28,114 people had been held accountable, of which 38 had been disciplined, or 33.3 per cent. Publicly available data outside Hubei Province are lower. In Gansu Province, for example, 976 people were dealt with as of February 24, of which 170 were punished, accounting for 17.4 percent.

Who's being held accountable

According to "China News weekly" combing, in the typical cases reported around, where the prevention and control of job behavior, several groups of people are the most common. The first is the grass-roots cadres, including Village Party secretaries, Neighborhood Committee Directors and Street office directors; the second is the people most directly related to the epidemic in hospitals; the third is a group of officials who should be in charge of the leadership.

There are many examples of the first group of people mentioned above, and they are also the most represented in the circulars.

The second kind is also not uncommon in circulars in and out of Hubei Province. For example, the deputy director of the Southwest Petroleum University Hospital in Nanchong, Sichuan Province, admitted two relatives to the Campus Hospital for treatment after failing to report to the CDC, knowing that they had fever and imaging signs of pneumonia. Later, one of them was diagnosed with neocoronary pneumonia. The director of the hospital also did not listen to the views of other medical staff, agreed to treatment in violation of regulations, and did not report the situation in a timely manner, leading to a major risk of possible spread of the epidemic, resulting in a number of medical staff being quarantined for observation. After that, the vice-president was removed from his post and his employment relationship was terminated, and the president was given a severe warning by the Party and removed from his post.

And the Third Common Group, is responsible for the leadership of the officials, and can be subdivided into health system related to the responsible person, as well as city, county or other units related to the responsible person.

Health Systems have been held accountable in more than one location during the outbreak. The controversial incident of "newly diagnosed pneumonia cases released from Wuhan Women's prison arrived in Beijing after serving their sentences in the Han Dynasty. " In the accountability process announced by the Beijing city, it was decided to admonish Yu Jianping, director of the Office of the Beijing Municipal Center for Disease Control and Prevention, give Beijing CDC Office Deputy Director Qian Haikun warning and punishment. As early as the end of January, neighboring Hebei Province also reported that Handan CDC Director Dong Bosen was suspended for incompetence.

Perhaps the most famous example of the handling of city, county and district officials outside the province is Dali. The party secretary of Dali City was removed from his post and given a severe warning. The mayor and a deputy mayor of Dali City were removed from their party posts and removed from their government posts.

In addition to such special cases, the city, county and district responsible for the treatment, mostly concentrated in the more serious epidemic areas. In Heilongjiang, for example, at least seven officials have been removed from their posts, including the mayor of Xiangfang District, the mayor of Five Confucian virtues, and the Party secretary of the Jianhua district of Qiqihar, in what the media called a "double-high death rate and severe illness rate" outside the province, secretary of the Hengshan District District Party Committee, Deputy District Chief, director of the District Health Bureau, deputy head of the Youyi County, Shuangyashan County, Harbin, director of the County Health Bureau, Secretary of the Jinlin District Party Committee, etc. .

Then there is the strain in Wenzhou, once the city with the highest number of confirmed cases outside the province. The deputy mayor of Yueqing was given a severe warning by the Communist Party after the Health Bureau and the CDC Director of the city of Wenzhou were both dismissed due to loopholes in prevention and control. Similarly, Daofu County, Ganzi Prefecture, Sichuan Province, is outside Chengdu, Sichuan Province, with the largest number of confirmed cases. The county United Front Work Minister and the Public Security Bureau chief were both put on record and examined by the Party discipline.

While the treatment of the heads of other units is currently the focus of attention on the prison system. As of February 25, a total of 555 cases, 19 suspected cases and 4 severe cases have been confirmed in five prisons in Hubei, Zhejiang and Shandong provinces. In addition to the Hubei Judicial System described at the beginning of this article, eight leading cadres, including the party secretary of the Shandong Provincial Department of Justice, were removed from their posts, as were the prison directors and political commissars of the prisons involved in Zhejiang Province.

Some cities in the notification, the public in the epidemic prevention and control work, the accountability of the department level and above the number of cadres. Wuhan, for example, the most closely watched, said in a Feb. 22 circular that Wuhan's Discipline Inspection and supervision authorities were responsible for handling more than 630 people, including more than 130 cadres at or above the department level. This percentage is higher than the published figures in the country. Xi'an, the province of Shaanxi, released accountability figures on February 28, naming and Shaanxi338 people, including 43 county-level cadres.

It is not difficult to see that the current epidemic prevention and control of accountability has a high-pressure situation. Also in the process, at least two grass-roots discipline officials interviewed by China News Weekly referred to the concept of "prudent accountability. ". The grass-roots Supervision Committee official told China News weekly that most grass-roots cadres in his prefecture and city are mainly criticized for education, because this is "the time when the grass-roots cadres are most in need of Remember the Titans" and can not be killed by a single blow.

Zhu Hua, Deputy Secretary of the Disciplinary Commission of Hangzhou and Deputy Director of the Supervision Commission, said in an interview that, "The prevention and control of the epidemic are linked to each other, and it is inevitable that there will be oversight or deficiencies in the management, especially in front-line Party members at the grass-roots level who are very hard-working. Accountability must be handled prudently and prudently, " he said, the Discipline Inspection and supervision organ of Hangzhou City has made active efforts to verify the party members and cadres subjectively, and has not neglected their work or sought personal gain.

Zhuang Deshui, deputy director of the Seek truth from facts at Peking University, told China Newsweek that this calls for objective, Seek truth from facts accountability in order to avoid the situation of accidental injury and the need for balance. In particular, we should avoid the tendency of the leaders to be more volitional, that is to say, we should not increase the punishment because the leaders attach importance to it, or because the public opinion pays attention to it. "To win public trust and convince the punished party members and cadres, it is necessary to use the means of discipline and law enforcement more precisely, in accordance with the Seek truth from facts and the law, " he said

Mao Zhaohui also pointed out that at present, there is diversity in the operation of accountability for prevention and control in various places, some places are strict and some places are lax. In his view, the Central Commission for Discipline Inspection, the State Commission for Supervision and Discipline Inspection, or the local commission for Discipline Inspection and supervision, should issue a directive on accountability during prevention and control, so that localities can further supervise in accordance with regulations.

Duty Editor: Yu Yang

Cover story

The new virus -- what it takes

The Siege: How do we survive

How do we compete with the epidemic

On Defense -- How do we respond scientifically

Click on the image below and Click on the order button

$35,000 plus a 1% commission

Click "read the original Article" for more details

##

Go to "discover"-"take a look" browse "friends watching"

Sent

####Send it to take a look

Sending

A scan of wechat
Pay attention to the account


-------------
title: How officials will be held accountable? Public is most concerned outside the control of the epidemic
source: China Newsweek
authors: _
editors: _
proofreader: _
photographer: _
translator: _
via: https://github.com/2019ncovmemory/nCovMemory
link: https://mp.weixin.qq.com/s/JFuXJr3ZAu8APiIlng17jA
archive: http://archive.is/2XRRf
snapshot: https://github.com/2019ncovmemory/nCovMemory/blob/master/archive/jpg/2729.jpg
lead: Seek truth from facts
cover: data:image/jpeg;base64,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
