##Wuhan Emergency Construction "Xiaotangshan Hospital" , that year how to achieve the cure rate of SARS 99% , 1383 medical care zero infection?

Health insight

Functional introduction, understand the health professional news

* At the city's Caidian District workers'sanatorium, Han has urgently designed and built a 1,000-bed temporary hospital to concentrate COVID-19 pneumonia patients. The temporary hospital is scheduled to be in service by February 3.
* Is to learn the "Xiaotangshan model. ". In 2003, Xiaotangshan Hospital was built in seven days in Beijing, receiving 680 SARS patients, of which 672 recovered and were discharged, 8 died tragically, the cure rate is close to 99% , and 1,383 medical staff zero infection.
* The most critical part of Yuyama's individualized treatment of different patients is determining when to increase the dose and when to use specific hormones.
* The hospital has established a strict and meticulous system to reduce the possibility of infection by strictly distinguishing the area for medical staff, the area for patients and the area for logistic support.
* Without Xiaotangshan Hospital, Beijing would have at least 2,000 to 3,000 more SARS patients and at least 200 more deaths, said Zhang Yanling, head of the hospital.

Wuhan is urgently designing and building a 1,000-bed temporary hospital in the city's Caidian District workers'sanatorium to focus on COVID-19 pneumonia patients. The temporary hospital is scheduled to be in service by February 3.

This is to learn the "Xiaotangshan model. ". In 2003, Xiaotangshan Hospital was built in seven days in Beijing, receiving 680 SARS patients, of which 672 recovered and were discharged, 8 died tragically, the cure rate is close to 99% , and 1,383 medical staff zero infection.

Xiaotangshan individual treatment of different patients, the most critical link is to determine when the need to increase the dosage of drugs, when the need to use specific hormones.

The hospital has strictly divided the area for medical staff, the area for patients and the area for logistic support, and has established a strict and detailed system to reduce the possibility of infection.

Without Xiaotangshan Hospital, Beijing would have added at least 2,000 to 3,000 SARS patients and at least 200 more deaths, said Zhang Yanling, then head of Xiaotangshan Hospital.

Wuhan is also set to build a "Little Tangshan Hospital" as a designated hospital for COVID-19 pneumonia patients.

A 70-acre (25,000-square-meter) temporary hospital with 1,000 beds is expected to be completed in six days after Wuhan Municipal Group received an urgent assignment to build a temporary hospital on the site of the workers'sanatorium in Caidian District, Wuhan, on January 23. The interspersed installation of medical equipment began on February 1. The temporary hospital is scheduled to be in service by February 3.

The temporary hospital was built by the Third Bureau of China Construction, and the CITIC Design Institute in Wuhan was called back for drawing within 24 hours. On the night of January 23, the designers of CITIC Design Institute in Wuhan have been working overtime to catch up with the drawing.

As of 2400 hours on January 23,29 provinces (autonomous regions and municipalities) had reported a total of 830 confirmed cases of COVID-19 pneumonia, including 177 severe cases and 25 deaths, including 24 cases in Hubei Province and 1 case in Hebei Province. 34 cases have been cured and discharged. A total of 1072 suspected cases were reported in 20 provinces (autonomous regions and municipalities) .

On January 23,27 provinces (autonomous regions and municipalities) reported 259 new confirmed cases and 8 new deaths. Six new cases were cured and discharged from hospital. A total of 680 new suspected cases were reported in 19 provinces (autonomous regions and municipalities) . The outbreak is still on the rise.

In 2003, Xiaotangshan Hospital was also built in the most severe SARS epidemic period in Beijing, and is considered as a turning point of epidemic prevention and control.

It was late April 2003. On April 20, Wang Qishan became acting mayor of Beijing, Vice Premier Wu Yi doubled as health minister, and Gao Qiang served as party secretary of the Health Ministry. In Beijing, the number of confirmed SARS cases increased from 37 on the 19th to 339, and continued to increase by more than 100 cases per day in the following days, reaching 1,440 on the 30th.

At the same time, the patient Mengzeng, health care workers are also constantly infected, 30 days of the cumulative 1440 cases, including 270 health care workers. A total of 93 health care workers at the People's Hospital affiliated to Peking University were infected and had to be shut down on April 24.

Hospitals that treated SARS patients in Beijing were in short supply, with a gap of 1,500 to 2,000 beds. Zhang Yanling, the head of Xiaotangshan Hospital, later said in an interview, "I felt terrible at that time. There were so many patients that there was no room for them. Even the doctors who treated the patients were falling down. "

But it was also on April 30th that the turning point came. The Xiaotangshan Hospital, which opened on April 22 and 23, began receiving patients on that day.

From that date until June 20, Xiaotangshan hospital admitted 680 SARS patients, one tenth of the world's cases and one seventh of China's cases, of whom 672 were discharged. Miraculously, none of the 1,383 health care workers involved in treatment and care were infected.

△ PICTURE SOURCE: "looking back at Xiaotangshan" screenshot

A seven-day Infectious Disease Hospital

Xiaotangshan Hospital was originally a sanatorium, the designated hospital for the construction of SARS was ordered in the face of danger.

On April 22,2003, at the Joint Conference on SARS prevention and control in Beijing, experts from the Center for Disease Control and Prevention suggested that hospitals were no longer sufficient and that sanatoriums, such as Xiaotangshan Sanatorium, with better conditions, could be considered for requisition.

Vice Minister of Health Zhu Qingsheng and vice mayor of Beijing Liu Jingmin immediately went to Xiaotangshan, and experts found that Xiaotangshan is a good place to build a new hospital -- Foshan is 500 meters from the nearest residential area, although the sanatorium itself has only 200 beds, there is a large area of reserved development land nearby, and it is surrounded by open space, which is convenient for mechanized construction. In addition, Jingmi water diversion canal in Xiaotangshan Sanatorium 4 km north, sewage can be specially treated, will not affect the water source of Beijing.

So, both sides hit it off, the new infectious disease hospital site Xiaotangshan, decision-making, research, survey, clappers to start, within a day to complete.

From April 23 to April 30, more than 7,000 workers completed the 1,000-bed Xiaotangshan SARS designated hospital after seven days and nights of emergency construction.

At the same time, 1,383 medical personnel from 114 hospitals in the country's major military regions have been deployed.

Zhang was notified of his appointment to Xiaotangshan Hospital on April 29, having previously been dean of the Bethune Military Medical College and studying at the National Defense University. When he and his partner Xu Dasui, political commissar of Xiaotangshan Hospital, left the National Defense University, he looked back at the school gate, Xu half joking half seriously asked: "President Zhang, what are you looking at Ah, is it afraid of not coming back! "

This problem, to all the medical staff that is ordered to go to small Tang Shan hospital is an unknown quantity. How can we improve the cure rate of patients and ensure zero infection of health care workers?

Individualized treatment for different patients

7 Days To build the small Tangshan Hospital to the patient's first perception is a few rows of isolated bungalows.

Zhang Yanling wrote in "looking back at Xiaotangshan" that some patients clung to the handlebars after getting off the bus. A female patient in her 40s, he got out of the car and cried against the wall: "Is this a hospital? Is this a proper treatment? Can You cure me? Why are we in the middle of nowhere? Is it a death camp? Is it a 731 test? "

It is not difficult to persuade patients who are full of doubts to the ward, but how to cure them is a difficult problem.

Zhang Yanling recalls, the media very bluntly asked me: Xiaotangshan Hospital such a similar field conditions of the hospital, can have confidence and grasp the treatment of SARS patients... Everyone knows: There is no specific SARS medicine.

According to "looking back on Xiaotangshan" , 680 SARS patients first admitted to hospital, fever accounted for more than 98% , of which sustained more than 38 degrees Celsius accounted for 48% ; 113 elderly patients, the oldest patient aged 79 years, the youngest only 13 years old; All patients with lung lesions and clinical symptoms are very obvious, and most of the disease in the development stage, infectious, high risk. Foreign Power has commented that: Xiaotangshan Hospital is China's SARS virus library, perhaps one day it will suddenly explode.

In order to provide effective treatment, 34 professors from military hospitals have been assigned to form an expert Guidance Group and an advisory Expert Group, changing the past practice of three-level ward rounds, direct Division of Labor for each expert and 2 to 4 clinical departments linked to collective consultation, Ward Ward rounds and other ways, the greatest efficiency of the role of experts and professors to individual treatment of different patients.

In accordance with the SARS treatment guidelines issued by the Ministry of Health, the hospital has also established a 21-member team of experts and professors, combining the successful experience of treating SARS at home and abroad, involving 16 professional consultation groups of experts in basic diseases such as digestion, heart, kidney, urology, Otorhinolaryngology and so on, focusing on the diagnosis and treatment of the basic diseases of SARS patients and the treatment of critical patients, "Xiaotangshan comprehensive treatment plan" of "early intervention, heavy support, anti-infection, careful hormone, regulating psychology and diligent observation" has been successfully explored, developed for different patients, "SARS No. 1 Fang" , "SARS No. 2 Fang" , "SARS No. 3 Fang" . One of the most critical links is when to increase the drug dose, when the need to use the specific hormone methylprednisolone.

SARS virus not only caused serious damage to human body organs, but also caused great psychological trauma to patients. Xiaotangshan Hospital patients, there are more than 70 people admitted to the hospital had the idea of suicide, some not only do not cooperate with the treatment, but also beat and scolded medical staff, and even uncover the mask of medical staff. In order to help them with their treatment, the hospital has also set up a psychological counseling center.

In the end, all the patients were discharged from hospital, except 8 died of various complications. The cure rate was close to 99% .

Behind the zero infection of health care workers

In addition to increasing the cure rate, the potential for infection among health-care workers is another daunting challenge. According to later statistics, there were 5,327 cumulative cases in mainland China during the SARS period, with medical staff accounting for about 20% and 349 deaths, with medical staff accounting for nearly one-third of the total.

"hospitals in the city have limited reception capacity and inadequate disinfection facilities, which will lead to further spread of the virus, " said a senior staff member at Beijing's Xiaotangshan Hospital, describing the embarrassing situation faced in preventing and controlling the epidemic. In Xiaotangshan Hospital, which was built in an emergency, "physical isolation is the main protection, strictly dividing the area for medical staff, the area for patients and the area for logistic support, so as to reduce the possibility of infection. "

The entire compound is divided into three sections, with the newly constructed ward as the control area, the medical staff living area as the buffer area, the administrative and Logistic Office area as the clean area, and the personnel operating in each area to prevent the spread of the pollution. But in the ward has taken the more strict isolation protection measure. The wards, medical staff and articles are strictly separated. The wards are equipped with double-glazed feeding ports. The passages for patients and medical staff are also different. Patients Enter and leave the wards through the semi-open corridor in front of the wards, health Care Workers Enter and leave through dedicated service tunnels. Staff from the cleaning area to the ward contamination area, after several disinfection, three times to change clothes.

Meal delivery port of Double Glass, Picture Source: PHOENIX SATELLITE TV video screenshot

In order to protect the environment around the hospital from pollution, the hospital has built a new sewage treatment station. After the patient's clothes and sheets are out, they are Oxirane, disinfected, and then washed, and the water goes to the sewage station for treatment. In addition, there is a special waste treatment device for waste incineration.

Of course, there are still problems in Xiaotangshan Hospital, which was built in an urgent manner. According to the records of the 10th anniversary of SARS, there is still a big gap between the design of the ward and the actual needs of the internal structure. The windows of individual wards have not yet been installed, and there are many beds lacking, some ward doors are not even locked, sewer blockage, especially worrying is that the isolation ward sealing is not enough, easy to cause infection of health care workers. But "the protective conditions are better than in other city hospitals" .

Physical isolation conditions are only a basis for how health care workers operate to avoid infection.

According to "looking back on Xiaotangshan" , the hospital issued "hospital infection prevention work rules" , "access procedures" , "protection code" , a total of 3 chapters, 24 sections, about 8,000 words, printed into a 46-page booklet, hospital hands a book. It includes protective clothing for health care workers, talking distance with patients, 3 minutes for hand washing, outdoor meetings, bathing procedures, cleaning procedures, waste disposal regulations, living area codes of conduct, and more. Even traffic rules: how health care workers walk between zones, how to avoid traffic when walking face-to-face in polluted areas, and so on. It also stipulates that violators will be informed of the criticism, serious military punishment.

The hospital even signed the military order for the prevention of hospital infection with the leaders of all major units, Ward Directors and head nurses, which clearly stipulated how to reward and punish those who violated the order, if infection occurs, he shall be dismissed on the spot and returned to his original unit.

In order to supervise the compliance of medical and nursing staff, the hospital has set up full-time supervisors who are responsible for monitoring all staff from time to time and from place to place, including how to wear protective clothing, how to wear a mask, how to wear an eye mask, how to remove gloves from contaminated areas, and other specific and detailed links.

Under the special treatment of hardware and software, Xiaotangshan Hospital really achieved 1383 medical staff zero infection.

On the morning of June 23, the first 900 medical team members from Xiaotangshan were evacuated from Beijing. A day later, the World Health Organization announced at its headquarters in Geneva that Beijing had been removed from the SARS list. A former deputy director of Xiaotangshan Rehabilitation Hospital recalled the experience, busy time round, to the last day, feel like a heavy task, "finally over. "

Zhang Yanling wrote in the book that on May 26,2003, at the meeting of SARS designated hospital directors organized by Beijing, beijing's acting mayor at the time, Wang Qishan, said to him, "since Xiaotangshan began to treat patients, the people of Beijing have peace of mind. ".

"Some experts assert that without Xiaotangshan Hospital, Beijing would have at least 2,000 to 3,000 more SARS patients and at least 200 more deaths, " Zhang quoted in the book.

Tan Zhuo Zhao, Wu Ye Ting | contributor

Wang Jilu

SARS in 2003, Shanghai 17 million people only 8 people infected, how to do?

Update on pneumonia in Wuhan (1.22) : 440 cases have been confirmed in China, and "second generation cases" of human-to-human transmission have been reported in three places

We respect the original copyright and do not reprint without permission.

Reprinted with permission

Zheng Qi, WECHAT: 1281949389

Business Cooperation

Shanghai: Leslee 13916263824

BEIJING: Jessie 13911125922

Tips, feedback, join the core readership

Please scan the code and Contact Jian Wen

Let your friends see you watching

↓↓↓

Go to "discover"-"take a look" browse "friends watching"

Sent

####Send it to take a look

Sending

A scan of wechat
Pay attention to the account


-------------
title: Wuhan Emergency Construction "Xiaotangshan Hospital" , that year how to achieve the cure rate of SARS 99% , 1383 medical care zero infection?
source: ba-dian-jian-wen
authors: _
editors: _
proofreader: _
photographer: _
translator: _
via: https://github.com/2019ncovmemory/nCovMemory
link: https://mp.weixin.qq.com/s/U8zGb1ayCfixY19HBtvbuA
archive: http://archive.is/grAuR
snapshot: https://github.com/2019ncovmemory/nCovMemory/blob/master/archive/jpg/1026.jpg
lead: A 1,000-bed temporary hospital is expected to be built in six days.
cover: data:image/jpeg;base64,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
