##Wuhan Community Emergency: Leading cadres personally move the body, grass-roots epidemic prevention pressure is huge

Health insight

Functional introduction, understand the health professional news

Communities are the first line of defense for prevention and triage. Now, in the unprecedented impact of the epidemic, in the face of enormous difficulties, the community and community workers have been a flood of people seeking help, to the situation has reached an embarrassing situation.

△ Wuhan Street, photo by Wu Jing

After the city closure in Wuhan on January 23, Zhang Ping (not his real name) , the Secretary of a neighborhood committee in Wuhan, and his colleagues received daily phone calls from many residents of the community, some asking for a car to be sent to the hospital, some asking for community personnel to accompany them to the hospital, and those who asked them to go to the House and pick up the body..

The change in job content caught Zhang Ping's community service centre off Guard. Before the shutdown on Jan. 23, Zhang Ping and his colleagues had the easy task of responding to the government's call to "not believe or spread rumors, " telling residents in their communities that "the epidemic is not that serious. ". In early to mid January, residents continued to shop and chat in the unsterilised wet markets, with few people wearing face masks on the streets. Some feel some fever symptoms of people, habitually buy their own medicine or queue up to a large hospital outpatient. The years are quiet and the world is safe.

It wasn't until much later that Zhang Ping and his colleagues learned that two health care workers in their community had been diagnosed with the new coronavirus in mid January. The two health care workers are residents of the community. But by mid January, the busyness and panic that doctors at the big local hospitals had begun to feel had not yet spread to the community.

After the closure of the city, the orders changed abruptly, requiring community workers to inform residents of the seriousness of the spread of new pneumonia, residents are required to wash their hands frequently, wear masks. The residents'awareness of protection and panic increased, as did the number of confirmed cases of new pneumonia, the number of suspected cases, and the number of critically ill patients who could not be diagnosed or admitted to hospital, they're swarming the neighborhood.

Zhang Ping led a team of 13 community workers and nine security guards on a 24 hour shift, facing more than 2,000 households and 5,000 people in the modest community. In the face of never-before-seen work intensity and work content, they in the daily struggle, but also inevitably feel tired, anxious and uneasy.

In epidemic prevention and control, community is the first line of defense for prevention and triage. Now, in the midst of an unprecedented epidemic, communities and community workers are being overwhelmed by the flood of people seeking help, before the reality becomes overwhelming.

More than 2,000 communities across Wuhan, the First Line of Defense, urgently need support from all sides.

A sudden outbreak of community disease

Before the city was closed, the fever clinics of the top three hospitals in Wuhan were overcrowded. After the closure of the city, the panic of the public is the fever of the major hospitals out-patient department blocked. The government began to put the community at the first hurdle of diverting patients.

On January 24, the day after the city's closure, the government published the contact details of more than 2,000 community secretaries across the city on various residents'wechat groups.

Also transmitted was a copy of document No. 7 from the new Crown Pneumonia Control Headquarters in Wuhan:

The whole city is responsible for the community, the comprehensive screening of fever patients in the service area (including those who have been treated and those who have not) , and sent to the community health center for screening and classification of the disease. For patients who need to go to the fever clinic, the districts will arrange for a vehicle to be sent to the designated fever clinic for consultation. For patients who do not need to go to the fever clinic for consultation, the communities will implement home observation, the community is responsible for the observation service at home.

Pneumonia patients with confirmed or highly suspected COVID-19 infection are taken by the mchc to the designated treatment point for treatment; suspected fever patients are kept in the fever clinic for observation; fever is mild, patients who can not be identified as suspected will be taken back to designated areas for quarantine by the districts; pneumonia patients who can not be identified as COVID-19 will be sent home for observation by the districts.

Overnight, community work became the most important aspect of the entire epidemic prevention effort.

Zhang Ping's neighborhood, less than five kilometers from the source of the outbreak, the south China seafood market, is crowded and highly mobile, with high rates of new coronavirus infection among residents. The community mainly consists of old residential quarters. Residents of old residential areas, many are laid-off workers of some state-owned enterprises, the loss of their units, they have become no unit management of the "social people. ". Most of these neighborhoods also don't have property. There are properties of the community, the community is relatively easier, because publicity, disinfection, closed management, and other work, residential property can bear part. And there is no property area, all the work, on the head of the community service center.

Zhang Ping's neighborhood was more affected than a dozen other neighborhoods in the neighborhood office. There is a new community in the community, where many of the nearby doctors buy houses. A number of health care workers have been infected, two have been confirmed as new cases of pneumonia, and a number of suspected cases.

Zhang Ping's cell phone was quickly knocked out, and many people with fevers started going to community service centers for counseling. On the first day of the siege of Wuhan, Zhang Ping and his colleagues took no precautions. Only on January 26 did the subdistrict office equip them with disposable masks. The 2,000 masks are distributed twice, with some going to needy families living alone in the community and those who can not buy them.

On January 27, the community was given 20 protective clothing, some goggles, and a small amount of disinfectant, requiring community workers to sterilize the community every day. Disinfection water is obviously not enough, had to give the poor conditions of the plot more spraying, slightly better environment of the plot, spraying once a day, or every other day spraying.

On January 28, the government announced that community workers would be required to accompany patients with fever to community health service centers or hospitals. After the closure of the city, private cars were not allowed to go on the roads. Patients came to the community to ask for a car. The three taxis that were provided to the community, the drivers had no protective measures and could only be used for auxiliary work such as delivering food and buying vegetables for the isolated residents, can Not send a fever patient. "The driver himself has to protect himself. How do you send a fever patient? "

The streets required community workers to visit the House every day to check for fever patients, and Zhang Ping decided to call instead. "We see the epidemic is getting worse and the risk of infection is very high. We decided not to knock on the door of others, but to carry out disinfection work in the community. "We keep leaflets on how to insulate your home, how to be hygienic, on your doorstep, but we don't touch people, " Zhang Ping said.

The government requires patients to be quarantined at home if the community finds a suspected patient. Zhang Ping's community -- Community Grid Workers, community secretaries, hospital staff, and local police officers -- kept track of isolated households at home to make sure they didn't spread the virus. But it's all done by phone trace. When a suspected patient needs to go to a community health clinic for a follow up, the community lets him or her go for a follow up on his or her own, which loses the value of isolation at home. When that happens, all the community can do is report back up and see what happens.

A game between community workers and residents

Many of the 24-hour calls were complaints. The most common complaint was the community's refusal to send a car to take them to the fever clinic.

In 2003, during SARS, Zhang Ping experienced, "at that time, Wuhan was mainly an imported case, and there were no closures or bans on transportation, so it felt easier then than now. "

Residents are in need of transport, and their request stems from the government's regulation: for patients who need fever clinics, the districts will arrange to transport them to the designated fever clinics. They are also required to be accompanied by a community service worker. The idea was to prevent these patients from becoming a mobile source of infection.

Zhang Ping's community service centers often require residents to go to health centers for triage, fever clinics and hospitals. On the one hand, there are practical reasons for the shortage of vehicles, a community with only three taxis, indeed extremely difficult to arrange; on the other hand, the community workers themselves inadequate protection, they are also worried about being infected.

On the night of January 27, an elderly man in the community who had been diagnosed with coronary pneumonia died four days later from a high fever after staying at home because there were no beds in the hospital. His closest contacts are his wife and daughter, both showing signs of fever. Family members of the deceased kept calling the community service center, asking for a car to take the deceased's wife to the hospital. Then the community sent a car to take her to the nearest community health center for screening, the community health center after screening, the elderly judged highly suspicious, triage to the Concorde Hospital confirmed. It wasn't until 11 p.m. that the old man finished his treatment. His family called and asked the community to send a car to pick him up at the hospital. When the community couldn't send a car, the family called the street office to complain. The street office will call the community service center and ask for a car. By the time a battery truck was dispatched by the community service center, the old man and his family had walked home in despair.

The next day at noon, the old man to the hospital for review, the family again asked the community to send a car. The community does not send cars, the family took the old lady directly to the community service center to sit. All the staff are running scared.

Finally, the old man's family found their own car battery to take her to the hospital.

The hospital finally diagnosed the old woman with high suspicion of new coronavirus pneumonia. She should be admitted to the hospital, but because there was no bed, it was difficult to be admitted. The woman's family then went to the community and asked for a designated hospital where patients could be admitted, but the community did not have the capacity to ask the already full hospital to take in patients.

So, another round of quarrels, complaints, Games, in the community and between residents.

In Games like this, there are no winners.

A little relieved

With the development of the epidemic, the state of the major fixed-point hospitals in Wuhan has been very fragile. Shortage of materials, beds full, medical staff limited, so that some of the hospital treatment of the critically ill patients, only at home.

An isolation ward at a designated hospital was not full, but the staff sent out a message telling staff to stop receiving patients. Because resources are scarce, hospitals have to protect their own staff from infection.

These at home waiting, helpless critically ill patients, some of the family will have fever symptoms, family members keep looking to the community to solve the problem, but the community has become the most worried about the source of infection.

In Zhang Ping's neighborhood, an 82 year old man with newly diagnosed coronavirus pneumonia could not be hospitalized. His daughter and wife both have low-grade fevers, and they've had CT scans, which are highly suggestive of neocoronary pneumonia. At 8 p.m. on January 25, the old man was in a critical condition, breathing only outward. Families keep calling the neighborhood to send cars, and the neighborhood doesn't have any. Call 120 again, 120 again. Only send a car if the hospital agrees to receive it. Call the HHS and CDC again. No one answered. At 10:00 that night, the old man died. Grieving families call funeral homes. Funeral home said, because of new crown pneumonia died, must first kill, funeral home can send people over.

Families piled up the dead man's belongings in doorways and hallways, and community officials, worried about infection, reported the situation to the streets, asking them to sterilize the dead man's belongings. The streets are understaffed. We can't get anyone. Later, the deputy director of the sub-district office and the Community Health Hospital doctors, wearing protective clothing to the deceased's belongings were killed.

After the killing, on the morning of January 26, no one from the funeral home came. So, the higher government began to coordinate the matter. After that, the funeral home agreed to drive, but asked for two people to help carry the body. In the end, it was a leading cadre from a higher department who took the body himself, wearing a protective suit.

Despite intense self protection, several of Zhang Ping's community workers have fallen ill. Community management measures are increasingly strict, each community only set up a door in and out, in and out of personnel to be questioned, temperature. The men and women on all sides are exhausted to the limit.

Some difficult to be admitted to hospital suspected patients, can not do home isolation requirements, every day to the community, asked when the community staff can be arranged to be hospitalized.

On January 30, the city government began equipping each community with two civilian police officers to help them with home visits, disinfection and other measures. The district has also set up a mandatory medical quarantine at the hotel, where doctors and nurses conduct tests and simple treatment for suspected patients.

Zhang Ping and his colleagues were only slightly relieved.

By Wang Chen

Wu Yiting contributed research

We respect the original copyright and do not reprint without permission.

Reprinted with permission

Zheng Qi, WECHAT: 1281949389

Business Cooperation

Shanghai: Leslee 13916263824

BEIJING: Jessie 13911125922

Tips, feedback, join the core readership

Please scan the code and Contact Jian Wen

Let your friends see you watching

↓↓↓

Go to "discover"-"take a look" browse "friends watching"

Sent

####Send it to take a look

Sending

A scan of wechat
Pay attention to the account


-------------
title: Wuhan Community Emergency: Leading cadres personally move the body, grass-roots epidemic prevention pressure is huge
source: ba-dian-jian-wen
authors: _
editors: _
proofreader: _
photographer: _
translator: _
via: https://github.com/2019ncovmemory/nCovMemory
link: https://mp.weixin.qq.com/s/T9PNlc7BNJUypPk7ffwGnw
archive: http://archive.is/hCJjb
snapshot: https://github.com/2019ncovmemory/nCovMemory/blob/master/archive/jpg/1019.jpg
lead: Communities and community workers are buffeted by the flood of people seeking help
cover: data:image/jpeg;base64,/9j/4AAQSkZJRgABAQAAAQABAAD/2wBDAAYEBQYFBAYGBQYHBwYIChAKCgkJChQODwwQFxQYGBcUFhYaHSUfGhsjHBYWICwgIyYnKSopGR8tMC0oMCUoKSj/2wBDAQcHBwoIChMKChMoGhYaKCgoKCgoKCgoKCgoKCgoKCgoKCgoKCgoKCgoKCgoKCgoKCgoKCgoKCgoKCgoKCgoKCj/wAARCADMAeADASIAAhEBAxEB/8QAHAAAAQUBAQEAAAAAAAAAAAAABQECAwQGBwAI/8QATxAAAgEDAwEFBQUFBQUDCwUBAQIDAAQRBRIhMQYTQVFhFCJxgZEyobHB0QcVI0JSM2JykvAWJDRT4WOC8RclNUNEc3SDk7LSRVRklKLC/8QAGQEAAwEBAQAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAECAwQF/8QAKhEAAgICAgEDBAEFAQAAAAAAAAECEQMhEjFBBBNRFCIyYQUVJEJScYH/2gAMAwEAAhEDEQA/AOS6THEeJl5OSAefCppl7py80ffK4yQGyeejev41DCCNxzuJP2h99S5YAZyMDGAPCsbOpRNF2PeM9nNebuR3UcSsuBgK2G5x55rm95LLvZ4pWB24ADHyrougRSr2T7SXMUjR4QKyke642t1Hn6/+FZH2eK4A3IQ+Og4yPOrukRW2h7vELd8znO+TOEY8lSD9KIW/cG9tlkd9imA8R9cA+vU8mqptYxYgOhxuc5yeTzUrRiK7JTBG6LHwCt+lK0yVFooSm3MBUySOpjXDd372DOf73nxTdTERtmV3mZTHIB3aDI9/kHJ8MdfH41A+FtkUghtkWc+RmJFMvJXjtYcnC93JICf/AH2PpVozL2ntajU5C3tPEsrEYXAPckedU7Vrea1S3Bm2COFhuKgn3zgdDjnn5VJCA11IY4/svKNqgnPuYz/4UOhQBNhK522ylTx/PQCDGlujo4tkkxmVnywPVvDp9KuM7FlKhiQMY2/lVTRHDRSMyhWbfjP+LGcVclBEuQQPdGPSsZnThRZhyYwHDKRwpx0Bzx9cVPFL/BdJy+SCOOvHOPvqkJE7o84K+IPj606dxHbr3YQBiV88DB4P5Gs2bMJ2v8OCHa+CoAIb4eXkP+njVaITuMEFTySCwznyzSwbHhOZPefwPRUHh8+p+VOjYLEjgjaScHzxQikr2MniEj/xIUZhkBmAz/1oDr1pCtqjxwRKSxyVUDPFaAOXLMrZx4eFDe0LK9oiHG7cT5+H3U4t2TOK4mK25nC7ti5AJP8AKKilnLSOVGFLHA9PCp58GUqIwxB6AmoZNq4DBdw/lHh8TXUmcDFSQkeQ8zRDToJruJninVGVtpDE5H/ShjOWHOPIYFaDskm9Lz7PG3qfj0pN0rKxx5SpirZ6op3R3CkkeEvh86SX97LGRKjuh4ONrA0ZQJDKEmb+GxwrnnafI/katPHFvHJ3Z4Ax0rL3WdSwprTMmTNGmHssZ5yYSPwo5pvarU9Pt0i9mDW6j3Q8bLj1yKISQ4yckr0OT91ajRS0dpEY2LrsGE64Hx8aPcTW0JYHF6ZmI/2ilOJbCInxxIR+NSRdv42mBazIj9JskfdWvaGGVyZ7e3dcj7aK5+pFJJoelPu36faE/wBXcrn8KnlB+ClHIupACLttppJBjucHptUH862nYf8AatY2by6bqd+8GgyowZGtWd9zA7uQwwPr1rOy9mtHlO6XT7YZ6hE24PyIqH/YrRbiPIt5IjkjMczD8c08bgnozyqdbZpNb7a2UNvb6dp+vWep2McJ7mTY0bwsHGAwIB5ABIGR1rV2nbW3GmSGXUrGcJqELjExVuYidq7SThSAN34Vyr/ycadI4CXt7GCenut+VFj+xaJ9SsbSz1S8lku3KLm3QAYUnltwA6eVaxSOaqNp+zLtOdFefTbs2VtYSWj3BZX9+SYh8c5xk7SCOvA9a6x+z15peytlqMknfia2iiU4wEQAD3ceuSfl5V8j692DuNHt0ZdTikPdh5EaMrtJJAAOSDnGQfj5Vc0LsR25udJi1HSIdRaycb0kgdwDjxGOtONdWUoS4cq0fatsSVQvIC4wNjHBz0OfpWd/amIf/J72iLhWU2ruPDkAY/KvnKDS+2cYjjh7dLFcDAEF1eT2zA+X8VQM/Oq/aEftQsNLvLHVL2S708pmRTdRTgjIPBzn+k4qqIO2fse0C2k7OWGq64j3mpXMQaM3B3rDEOFVAeBx+NbTVFGqTyaRbYSJ133MgH9nEeijw3NjjyGT5V8nWf7Uu3WhWNlbuka26RhbfvrMN7qnHh15Hj5VXuP2r9rRp4ikm9nS4LyGeOExvOxOGYtn3j0GfAADiigPoG+ls9Nhj0W0F5eta3AT2S3PfyiIjJ94HCKDg8kccZ61sLPXNRSEtf6JdJHGMGWOeOQnp1QEHOCDgZ+dfK+h/tm7S6RCbeyNisTNuZPZEAY4xzgZ8PPzPjV66/bv2pKXCr7JE8y4LrFypx1GSRmigNr+1fXI9S1MTaVE0jMphZ2jK93t6k5Awfexz06Vyex06+m7RWlhaziOSd1jUqQduOrfLBrQ6nPNbWZvMlt9shjtpCTK5IAy3jnxyfOqPYztHa6PrDa1r8bRqEaAFE3FS3io9cHJrmW5M6NJHQrrsjYRdlRp88cVxKsmTcmMK7HdnP34+FXux2l2+mo8dsioAAcjxrMaz+1Xs8unzm0NzdyufciERj+ZZuB99YvSv2hare6/Zd/dwafpveoZEj67QedzHk5+XWq4MytH0N3y493LMByPL41Ddx77O5M2G/hPkeA909P1rPwduOy5P/p3Txjoveff0pmpduez0dlOYdWsZmKMAonHJINNRYrMLrmhW69m3mKmV/YwURjlYx3fGB4n1OT8K5DY2iwxy9MyWsqEk+JAx+FbnVdfF32fgimvrKYd13awRTt7nu4G5QOW48SazdnptzIyiRDHH0G0ZY5HPH6/Gqf2jjFMCW2mxjBkkUDz6k/AUWtLKax7u7s0KyRyKytI2HJyDwn5mjlnp8ULsO6Z2GR3gAzjHTP5VZlk7yFYolZUjmjABAbHvdfMfhz61PNmixLsHWupTzQrIbYSc7twkAy2c5I+I6fjUr6xOUNvLZh4jgbZCGGAxIB46Zz459fCpYbeO2vQCUkWZ8qCcAPnJ8OnpVzYkwZncL72MKg90eo8PjS9xjWKL0ZrULcNaXFyLeaBIlVsu4IPPh445oJIbSeUyzSOssjbzgBgBnI6Y5rfaxZbtJuPtMdgIOMjr5/661k+4lDOm4kgAkYqo5CZwp0itp82nW3tSd+2yWLu1Ji5B3A+foassbKSYvHd5OdqtJHj0BwCTwKQpJGuW2FfDKCr0dkNtuZHQM8qrgRL08cHHHhVKVmfRa0y1t4LmKf29lwRuItm4GSDjPpg81n9Q065ubu4kEYYPI7Bu8A3At1welbaGAK+2NPDwyPwoRqumSy3YTcwhILbAx25zVXQgL2dtng1YuwjA7qZCWlUgFlPHx5os+gGMc3lrJjJ2qx8APTzOPlQ2fRlGfdA2+RNN06U6X30iQxkopO9hls9ABnpSuxUEonwTtIHPWrJYuvvDIobZTRyOV3e9nI/8KIbcLyevTFYPTOyDtGn0V1TsD2jG4Kz8AZ8l5/GsiI1Kx7n48D4itZpybP2c662S26UD7l/WsraqgkUSAhQck+FXL8UZrtjjdSRQoshjKEMQTGMfM+B/WprVnbUV9m7tXLqApwQW2k8evNRzgSQHutpO0qqggkkjp15NVrIvbXAeTZHHvC72I49zB+HNEXZLdEdz7VFDHK4jw7QglVVjnfk5wPWqupXdx7LGe8wVtvBV/52PLyqe5ii7lVa6iO14yxByPdOSPnUFwtm8QVbpT/DCHI4+3u654rQxH2N5cNcS7Zc59qyCo6BOPCorS+ml2hpmQAQs2OhJOOo5/H5VeiSwVXKyRo22UZPiXGM9arR2lgrR4vYQV7v+bOSg+NFlUXNKZyC0krO+GVcsDn3jwG+FWSS0jiRgcDqq9aoW7RxyJGl33j5xnbjJJbxPxFXgyEDf/aM3QADnx6ef4/GsZG2NtaELYMYQEgtggryPL76dJIht5pBIV90ZVum7OBTosbjwueu78KS/Cz2j7lw64wwPXkdRWZ0vouJEgBVyQsWCBjGR14+tMmj7xl2TPEVH8rkBvUgVGqR5IQbgfEE/fToXIcrtB/lOTjmi/gcetkMyd22ZGn56skm5fmCMiqWoT2TjuzqMu5TghoQ4z8RziiLyqpP2Rz4detYyc/xnP8AeNVFWzm9RkcNIsXdnIUea1kWeEnkxAoV89y46Y8eRQd1Acq25cHjj760WksVh904OTROxtdHk2i5sIEk/qOdrffx+HwrRZKdM5FK3TMc0O2Aybgw6Dbzk+OfICtB2OJSG83BuSuMLnwNFpJ+z9tIFNkEkUY4hbIFTWd5oWJVt7eRQQNxWNh95+6qk7Rvj1Kx+6JwVcK6lcEHofSmLLs/gkAg8xnkk+hPw/Cp2RURBFvyuc5A454ps8YnRo5GP9QwMHd1GPWsDsTIpUOQyxkx+OT41rtBUDTrYklSUBXy8eKyMdyrs8TyRs6tglTkH9PhWy0nadNtTjjYORz50notOy4cqQcZIzkY6V5WKuzHJzyBnqKkDAcSt04DDmoc7QVYnaOuD0HnU2Oh+QyNjGefH7qksi3s65B8fGqseQZMcjgZ8x51QvpNbSZxp8unx23G1p5Y1Ynx4Yg9aePuzPIriaWJyCDxwck5rdQ65NpvdahFpV5M1sO9XiPDYB/v56Z9a4lZ3faK7nKR3mntggsF2k4zjy+NdF1K+lhi3AXjw3qGOPu7g7YptuEGMgbGI8/tHHjXQnRxTjQA7VajbdrtNMlra3RuxAipNgRxrt7x2BG7OSPHHgenSuu/sa1q5tf2V6dcNZq9jbrKGkEqoww58D16/wDjXEo1tl7E9/PBLNewRsks/fbSgw2F27sjkjPHOK7j+y/SrRewNjBFY3rD2UOdt3t371BLgbsdSR0pY3e2a3/b0/k0r39prltdXLQWGoWiRFjF7UsgwASdwAJz+FcX/aD2dv7Dsjc3GhiTTYJVR7rThcGRH3thSqlQFbpkA/Kuk6x2ThuLRm0nR4LTVoGR4bp7hecDhZMHJRhkEfGue9rdZsb3QNbsxpkdtfWRjWVmuS5B3YzGpJyNwx6Zz5VcpUjnQO/YX2Rh7SSNeavAiacrMXPRrphj3M/yovU4wWJ64Fd5k7Idmtat0XUdF0+4ijG2BHgH8OPPAHlnrWA/ZQg/2f0aYsAsvfy3ABwAdx3ZHrx+VdQg3y3Svbuq2/IaMY3HPRs9VGc/HOaadoRl9I/Zt2Osr2PULbQLOK+t53eJ4gwKsrtjjOOKN67pmkyGY3OnWZUoQ8rwowAKnnkcYwKvaWDFdXFvNOryIxbHAIDYboKz/wC0W/Ft2S1OSOb7amKHA6luCPl71NsEfJ2q6G9tqsk0k7m2kl7tAZC2Tjgtnxx5VoNB7HRdotJMmovKtuo2xYGCWUnOfMeFCbuSZ7yO0VDNM8qoqk5wMYOD1HjzXV9Gtk0vRobSAgpAnvbWz15J+81gu7Nn1RxnXOxmn2miXU8HtAu4pAq4Y7WGQOhoD2d7OJqesQW7tOIGk2vt4Kj4468dPWugayjS6XeyJKwV23AlsjbnIH4+vWqH7Pk7vXpFJ90N3wUnPO0gDHw/Gr5sjiqNA/7HNHnXNvqeowN5MVcfgKzvaj9lkei6Sb1NXmm/jJDsMIH2iRnOa7AZRZQyXccUsr7SXSPLk7VJAUZxk9OOuRQDtuB+4pu6y3e3cchDHgMSRj4DGceFHJiirdHFG7MII4pFvp/4mOO53FR8vXAx6ikl7O3MeNt4wI+1ujIx4AdevQYrR3GWjVkwxEgK7RgAgeBP+uatxhZdsYLH3uSCeB5ZPJxUe4zo9qJjzpOsKgKSK2SMHeVJz6n8DUE8et2samaOfaDgPkNjB8/jWwvLiO2hUuw3uQQicsRgdPT8KFah7QbSZpZVUFTiKJuRyDkkj3vl99WpvyQ4LwBJbrWZkAltriQZ+0Ys8g+dP/ferQxFngk7tcAsY+FPhRy3guSrd3LI+VJQyAc8/Go71b6zl9oO1oSBFKUUjAJ6nrjnAo5IfBrpgBe017IChZX3ccJk48qausTb3PcLuON2QfD8K1On28UupwvLpMUkryBN0TqN2fj0+INa19Gg0+2e4/dk8UzMGkKShkA4yfteXiaq1XRm1K+zlX71Z0xJApAIOQTnipv360bQsbZMxyCQZY8keFdZj0mzlj7y6sdRwz7wpiY7cH3ehPhg/GrUmnaPehTcTyK0UgdQ7lDkcjhhQqJtnLR2y/i941lCD4gTEflUo7aRtOHawjI27eJ/XP8ATXVodHsJIhLNIvvtjJRMfhQjtLpGnW2l3F4qRyPHExRTEm1mzx4VToWznNx2mtJj71oV/wAMgP5UL1C5t7qPEW9ASGIat9L2bsbewubyURzSrEJNht0VASM4GB0z8TVCx7H2l3pSTPLG1wy++YEG1Wz0BHXFK0kCTZitMAWX3v6fzo5HMNmMH5mg0I2zg7QRs/OiKuduCmR6Csp9m+N6o0AvJx2Iv0jANmZsSHqQ2UwPgRQVSF2lPd685zmrs2qJH2Wl0spmSSTvWdTkLhl931qgx2wAc788kih9JBF22yObuz7xC7h4jqMc/lQm6VdkyqxRPtKqjjP40VIblj4fCq13DE0atA7SEjJOMAc4x8alMUkmB7ZWklEJyxcbBgc58Pvp/dSxKW/iRqTswykc+IonpsDRSG7wuIcnBOM+H5057yVxvwWyBuLc58evxz9avmZUwfb2k9xE7CZu6jwDlshc/wCjSPaGORkGd5wFJHBz04qyrzLG6xRhQVHTGc56/OpO8n2Tl1w+9GbcORjoPhRyY6KlnC7XIjAx1GAwA3c/nRSw2229XUuCCOQSQf1qJpi+0BEBB3ArwAxGD8+PlSw96h498cnHjSbs0ggqJTgHgbsA+74166kdrV1bAXHOPjVFbomQAhtpHvfDw+dWrh19jkk3A4QnI8fhWdG6enRPby7II+OFxnPjjzp8cjb53ktBO4kD8KV2qTySBxjkH6edD4t7Q7lYA5/mPSrizLJuhQfxwwCFyXB45OM5Jz49KqKM3LRZt5Yki7q4tnCKWGSuSxPIGfT8Kw0uGkfpjNai7ne2Fx36OZggDSbuDwPA+OSMkcfWsoW8TVnLldsJ6bxF86tDx5qpp5/hD4mrQ6VjLswY4SEKEZVkjHRXGfofCrthFDPPCkTLEpYEq7eXr40PPjSqOmaE6LhNx6D/AHsYikMjBOuOeQeuKD30jSDC3UaI3AKyqT+NeGyYr7SHYLwCD+I8arXsNtbtmKGSRT0bgAn0q4tHVHKpDrG3EaOeC7c5zy3Pia3ugS4so4hMN6pkxS+I5+nxrA2szpIirasqk5LFs/d51stPs49QRVuVeSLYPcLEA8HwHypSfydGNa0G4NQ0/Yi6hex2meTG3LdPCrJu9Nulzp0txIV4ZnhIXHmG6fKhWnWtvaXDRJBGjkZUbc/TPOCOfjmrsbAjGPHlT+VTKSSpItRldtikhHf6ZHhWQv4hP2rvWkVWUxR4GAcccmtZj3WzgEdPP4Vkxz2v1EY/9THj0FTjFmeg9oKpFNKFUjCLggeGTxRvtnqt1p/ZNXsEt7nfO0EiSrlGQ7sgc/Ag5oZbYjgZmIAHU+VaXXrYzdmLdZpIn3XS4YDgjccD4+FbpaOJs5zNd6raxLaajotruNumVhfmYDPvnaSC3312Ls324g1MQWmlW+kJEixRWjNDIpaTAJVsE4XgqfXHXwBdqTp2mlbu/keCGPDM6MVwWJXHu8gEcHHhRKO90K8jsdP7J61ZJNdX9qY1tbmTvIyFKnCFR0POfXinVbQrdUae1kjurLVm1q00rZJD/EVIJtsJGftEDOTngdCK5d2jsLHStGtpIWklMslxIm6N45CpHr1Xpg9ec11XVNKv7bS9WY99NKp7qdZ9SlKTR4w24gAnGc/d04rmXb21du0MWmtvLLHGscZkaRUzwQpYZBIAz1zSk+rEaXsEIdH1czXFzAILq2y0fvBfdjOI2B4JcA9PLFYpv2m6zpvb3UNYs5UPBiljfJjb0I/uk8D0olrE11PrXsF9nSmuG7+1uCWkSUqjdN3iDng4PJxXJtd02fSbmW33940chSU7sgsOuD8TnPjmqcqdI0grPqDsZ+2rRtfe5W9tPZLruQuI2EhfGctzjA58z61j+3Pa4anmI3kUUEfTcwGSfHH+sVwy0vrhII7izjWIDKnaOB59epOK0GmQPqeni5MLtOxZQNuePFh8fypSdjUUF9Fu20TUv3lI5uJpNwPXksCqnp4ZJ+Va+TUTp1mUNsGiiXajK27K4HBDEH7R8c/Gshf2XsLaZaQTe0Tqi3FwWbu3TkErhiM8AADqfI1oO0Ws2MlhNHHKLlJTuieLIKLlSR5c+XTPGKEtCYIvJnjhkjdyr4wyY4J5J58fj403sldxWusSmVzgkISq8jqPH4j76Zc241Kwmu7O/Qqzb0hlTBx4eo4/0aufs0EMl3cTTAyu6l1QoMdcEnw8+PWmlugtJHQba8mKyFlZFUlRheceA/Gs/wBsbq1TT44ixMpmR5WbJ5zyPX5elN1i9zqXctFGqbcLEoDfPG4YJ565A69az/aLuodPBOBJvXbFC/eAc/zE87v9DPWjiKL2UJQhG/cu5fEce8eny9KieSVnQowQKSGdTwRg/Xk9fSl060vruXuoUWMEggyHG3H90c+vh41qrDsnF3H++TPK/jghEJ5yOOT8M1lRtyMUZUhDx7i855CqNz49AMkCku9O1CSxmd7dYIxGZD7Q3vlQM+6vJ6fDrXTNP0u2szILSCOJGXG1EC458T4/Gq/aDadG1FIpIOLOQ7Sct9knzql2Q5ASPs7EqAG4lwPDAqG/0CO7iaF527oqQRjqT4+VHe8yV8iAfupsqh4/MGq4oXNsxVjoepJqMkVhdogs0WQO8XLHzx0PSjeppq6yz2sl9dyxo237aANg+Wz06Ud0gKLq7J4BhHP1qbUlHts/rIeajI2laNMHGUnyRnV1LXSTm6lBznPdxH//AJpW1PW2TZLL3i+G+3jOPpijkEDSFgiM5HXAzU6Q5zhM464FZLJNnQ4Yvgykt/rIJ2sFBOcLbL+G7FCZrW6n9q9pihnNwSXaS0UsPd2jad3GB09a3kkG4cKePIVEIfdzsP0queQj28XwZS4lvbrT/Y5UVYsKMiE5IH/f9Ku22q3lurYsomZsbmVXXOBgfzGj4iUjoKXuk/pBo5z8gsWNeDj91Zdze7bbvJgEA3d2VBPjj09TipO5uIxloJApx7xU4P3VnvaJgMd7Jj/EaUXdwudtxMB6Oa14s4VlcUH9QRkDDadwXHT++tefcy5KHgUCa/uyv/FT4/xmme13GP7eb/OadNhHLXgPIWwVUlQxAxViRhBPIpUbGHj/ACnjkeXSs4L+6wc3M3+c0o1G8zn2mbJ/vmlxaD3b8F6ZWXKNtA8eTTypjhK7UIcfzgePjQ394XRP/Eyn/vZqQ6lenGbmQ8YycHilxYuf6JFhU8ED4+FWkCmFlMpD8AA9CPj86oDVLxelw/0H6Uh1O7I96Xj/AAL+lOmHufouxqrLggfSrFsqYIyARxxQpdVugeZFOPONf0p372uRk5iyf+yX9KVMtZ0vAVwu7K9R4gc1GRLcsbS2GWYMwyNq8AscHw4BqgNWusf+oI9YVpY9YuYpN6CBX594RAHkYP3E0JfI5Z0+gtGqTKAb2BnVQcoGJ56g7RjHlVyxexgeXvbiSZ2Bw0cW05xjHJHHpWft9buYLZ4Ikt1hdgzKI/tEdD1pF1q4GF7q22jOP4fTPXxquuiPcL3aC87yBI/4gxwN+N23qOhPHpWc4zVm9umuWV3xuxjjpVXxoRm9sL6fj2cHHjVgdD99VrL/AIdfjVqNSWCgck4FZS7ZB5jgcda8lWL2wuLUZniZV8HHKn4EcVWBqRtVpk6HHUU4McnBqNDWv7C6FZa5FqMV6ZUdTF3cqH7GSc8dDnGOacYuTpEpX0Z2C4jEqmSMYDAkA4BHl6Ue0bUhczAQ2spjB2NKHX3fAEjrXu0nYnUdJDSw4u7bpuQe8D6rz5gcedZWBpLa5Lws8MqnqODVOLjqSOjHnnB76OhyIt7bxknu7hPeV+rKc8bh4+teWcXBbemyRCQ4znB8vUeR8qz9p2gj7rbdxGOUnHeRjKnjqVzx8qIyXkToLhDlgAodDkMCQMHpnqTjgis2jvx5oz6L6Pnd/UG+orJa1LJo/aOW8lgDw3USqmHGcKcE46jnjmtElwwJiVTubKoWwF4znx8ufXnyrL67pxuL4zpPkMNoMh2jKqThT45wfnxVY00acYzdSL1v2kgltbhXtJVIRiecqBjxwP0+NPu/2gahcaZaQO4jngkD94saFHABAypHXxzmhGm6LeXul3t0xkjs7dTnLBcuB0IPPGR4Ubl7DINQjt0vMRez99vKgMTg8YyeMgc8cHit1GVF+1ijKqLvaDtjb6nokRFyy37QxrKjxbo927LAblI6dDzVTR9X0jStEhuBppk1qedWXvYmaFY1b7UZBBDePB8qEXGiXNjp0ridXDly6rzmJX2b8kce8enlg0QsdDguNOt7i2kuILpgGEkbAbT0/wBc0k3dMnJihjjfg7LN+0yxtLeb982cr28rtHHcyEFn3AD7POOnUbq5no2pfvDtOdVvr+6nktDhopUPeIgBVRknnArO9qrW9UxGGMmCGLblSCMnIZmXHiD1Aoj2bUwaJvO9rm8U/aORKB0XJx4Dpn4HNN7OVwioX5NN23u01vTrWe1be8L7omSTa6FSSMDoMkdOvqPHKXlyNUt45EwomUuYXxuVvyGeR8qtvf6ctsI5FOxN2Y3h7wLnJIJ8ufT1rH6zqPtE05059lr3m1VUKnrjaOegFTNWRB0T90qsLZUyveYULk8njB++tnofaKz7Ppd23dXK3KqluZlXMcSZyxJx1P3Y9axnZy8EHdA+9GX3nAJ29RnPhyaIXGt39rcX1va3BWKWQvkFsgHjPB5yABgg5xSSGa7XtWtprK0vZNbRd0LqZEtwzMpZSUZvE48euRjxoHZ6fqd7b91b2senxMoRri/ZS/PIwg5B6fOs3DFFJexTCyhZ3IG0AgE5wWwDgE+fpXXRpckkKA92gz/ECYZmOR1Zs5A4ySK1TTM52jm+pajPZyRWmoxxWt1GzRrcxHeHQkh+QfPwOeea1fZLWLTTbNdMkktoNw37iwAZjgglupOT0PPrQXXuzjS2ly8JiXbKZVZxuJAkI9056H14wB50MttTitJ3W39ne6RgsTW0IaNgenB4yfHOT5Zo6Js2Go2F9PqN3lA9spKxuZQpLDrn+of3SfDOfKlqKac0NhBCUS5uLiJGi3HeAOpIyaqWuk9oO8LNKsLFSu1pSzHnnBPC5Pyovo+m6dp0MsNwI/aVkjdHkO2QN1wd3TBB6cHPlUtjRtLCwgMVsrwxlojujYqAQ2MZHyzzV9olzIgUFiBk+GPUUB9u3Pb90k0sQ3BtgO1QcY56446Dmib6haW1sGeaKGEDJZnCj4kk1KGeZTAhXAbIzuJ561XeGO4V45VDLJEysCM5BGKCav267P2xYC/jnYDGIAZPv6ffWUvf2mwrKpsbIvt/mmfGfkP1o4tibNfIArIOQ20DHypyZ7pSMGubP28u5XZu5gyfAAj86ni7e3Cx7WtoD67mFaUyUzf2cwjmm93h4iD6YzV7UWHtcm05XcCDnwwK5kvbohpGWziErJs3d4cAZ8q3mlNdavptpf2trI8E0SYIViAwG0jI9Qaxyx1Rv6f8maPTwvsSMijduwwznPPJ6eVW5ldSndAkdTz158f1rOmw1EHK2Ep/7pP6U4RaggO/Tp8f4HH4rj76FKlTRq8Vu7DtwspCiMuMheRnrk1HOJinDSf2a/ZyOfH50Bl9sVc/u+7HnhQfzFRia5QYa0vl9BA/5Zp8/wBC9p/IcuYEzIxiZuB7y9Sf9DypsNtHvSOSCQZYDdk5zn4dKBNfSRj3oJl9WWRcfVacNU2qV7xl3DBAY8/UCqU4/Bm8OTxI4EPWvdK9SGrOM8TSeHpXmFeIzwelAj1KAMUg8cUoA+dJgeFKOlN/lNXNK0+41O6EFogLYySzAKo8yaHpD29IqGkYcYoxNoFyikxz2k3BOElwcDx5AGPnQueGS3YLOjRkjIyOtOn5AjVfdyemcUuBT52G4oh3RIfdPn6/OosjPjUMkdkAGmgA/Gm4HPNKuKQD+AMeNRjPhmnEjOKTPPrQAjfZGaQnnjpTzjI86jP2vnTQwvZf8MpHnVmJj3ieHINV7HHsqZ9amU4YYFZPbEuzuI0W2SE5sS/2AQoK8FeSCOpzQy/7EaRexNLbyezSYDbW4xk46gflWohvZfbbmGSNzFGsRQgHxHP+hS2dxJJG4uCsgWV0yV8AePL0rSMFVHoTVq5I5Te9iNSgWR7Ye0xp1ZPeGPPIz94FVezWvXXZu7mCQQyhmAljkyDlTkYYdMV1uZRbFpopJIEbhyrHkHjp9K4rruRr2pjyuJB95qGnjdo5csIxSlA6HpXbmyubUQXDtaTDbiW5PeAnIydwGPDxA8DRuDQtE1pFMttbT71DLJE3h04YHOOelZ+27G2t9ZRSuJo3dAd6qCORn0NCLrsrqejyGbSr91bOcxOUJx5jj863jmbX3ofty/6Q/wCwt1d6LBfafKJJHQs0DDHjj3W/WsjewXumSSRzRS28vB2yDAJ6g88EVqdB7ZarYW5twiXduI9uCuHRc9Qw/P0rSJ2k7Pa1pq2WpsVyuCl2vGcc4bp585FJQxz/ABdGSXlGSgu5J7R0ve7hKgMziSNgxHTGOQfT76hnsNa1OWRdPiPcxHeP4gVSwx9jJ+FZtlB3BQMcgEUQstV1GFP4DvtXjwIA/wBYrmySa2j2P4zhlb9x9Edxq+sQd/aXV1dIX/to5By3GOcjnj61Wk1S5nlWSa5Z5FVkUtjIDZDD55IrWWp1ZwW1KJMqcCKUbXx8fD4GhdrbWct9crJ3CXBmYmKZsMBkn4H5GtccZTW2aZ/WQw5HGCTBAvZhZi19of2Xdv7rd7ufPFHdMv8AWRYRJZ2aTW6rhXJPI8f5gKE6jp/sNwsU0RRim4jIPnWm7PXBTRUW2t0EgZjvblF58hyT6VSx8fJzZvWe9HjRXW81qQqk1nEjSZEeBnc3xLY6eNWoNL1WGJfa44ZIJOGCTK8kXOeBnBHJyB8etSa3b3t7ptrJauDeRneQvu7uCOPIj9aydzda1FHKJ2lWOP8AtNzYCn1rKbkpVE29NgwZIOWSVMt9ppJGvFsIZgbWTEj8hdx5ypYgEEDzPl5VNaw/vaxKWscEFrYfwwsZVsByWYl/5un4Vl77Vri8tbdZ53cxH3AecevzrcdlNNZOzF/OZ3tXb3lIO3C+I8PQfKtZPR56f3Ouh/Ze0sFsZHl2CNZFAZj1AIP+vhWS7RzvDreoQidVET7FAzxjwz+larQNKjMe+S4S42BQBk9G4I568ccedc9vHnu7u4nliffLIznjpk9KUUTOVIs2+ozW137TDfvvGBhcgEDz4+NaTTv2gala2lzbO9sRMAkcjqXFuPHAxyMeFYvuJOoif6UncS4/spP8pq6MuTOhm87JzwAajql5fXDYJknR9i/BcUUtu2HZmzjle2U7kICosO0vjyzxj44rlAhmx/ZSf5TXu5l/5b/5TQLkdf0jtvpVxM8t1dpajdxHNnkbvHaD8aPX/ajs1eorz6xpsjKqqCuQ6YJOVJH4YrgXcy/8uT/Ka93Uv/Lf/KaKBTOzXGoaPeK4k7YSovlE0Y3Dz4AOfMVje2Vh2c/dElxp/aB7+83qohmHv8nk/KsYolUcLIDnI900x1cg+630oUUh8rKjKAeOR60mKtG3k25Mb+edp6UwwHwz9KsZc01A0A6ZyagvMi4YZPGOhqSyZ0Uxjgk8HFMuuXDHgkUR7B9EIyPE/WiFjrOp2IQWepXkCJnasczBRn0zih2KTp41rRAVXtDrIBUavqWP/in/AFpDr2rkHOral/8A2pOfvoWPjzXlYjx++gNha37R63bTCSHWNRV1OQfanP4mnP2o11lwdc1Q855u5P1oRk5600Z3c0gsOWvanXxIFXXdVA649rf9adN2t7RK3u67qgyT/wC1P+tA49xlGBzUk0bFGY+Dc+lRLsuP7LJpKQmlHrUGaPYOOtL4da90HSkJ8PCpAUDFePrTc46mlY+VIR41o7SH939jLjUAD397cC2iYN9lVBLHHmenyPnWc5xxWw7eatDd9luzNnp7D2W3tlDIp6OBhyfXcTVxjzKjPizJ+1E5BbJPJqeO/BBjuFV4m65/EetDIxuX3d5HmopTwQD94rVtlUWJFCuyhgwHQjxFMx0ry+lI3JNc77IEHXOa9SDmnAZbikAnXOKUE4PGfWvYw2KQnk0CHHkLnypp6070PxpnjTQwvZ59nQdRirAPK+dV7Q/7umfAVMDnFZPsS7O9pezrqlzE8MrW0cUJjKr4kc/Go7G43SXG7aoSeRcouM48TzyadG16mo3JaF3te6hEXIAzj3sVFHncQkcahpGbIcjPmTkda6I32d8+qRZvZkSyldJCudvIUkj3gOh/WuN9of8A0/qx/wD5Mn/3Gut6r7lkcJKGdQcxHLD3h0rkOuYOu6n/APESfiazynNk1Bf9O06bJL+57YEZXuYiu0EnovkfjU2rN3lpNnblVbGcccGqMYH+zdqpG9TBETkA84XjBIH3in6hIDbXAOeI3/CtUrRfhNHOP2ewRzXV28iFjFAHXauSOccUU7S6XYvpc90IcSLGWDfZOcZ5FDP2fhSdTLLGQLUf2jbR186M9oGUaDMAFH+78bW3AceB8azhFcSYv7NmM03QZb7Slu4ZUBLFdrZ5x60/Sl9msb+OVcyK5Tg9DRfs5O0fZ5VUAkbiM/E8CsfrlxmwvcZBe5DeVL2k0rFF07XZpP2gapPa6vP7OyqvekNu58sfnWOj1iRL43QNszkk4dMrk9eKG3dpL7KlyzlkbnBJJHPjn61QSNpJVRMbmOBmtVXguSce0Hn1WQzGSOWOJiAuIyQMeWM0b7P6j35lS5lVFxlTlgM+OOaylggFvfhwrMiYBxnB56UTt4FMVnkHk9frRLQou7N7b3UAjEaXu49AvfnOfrWN7RXc15INOto2wp3uQSd5yfuGaitIhDdR4XBEo8cgUUsI1bXpi3QWsjH5Cs2r7C60ZnS/dnLAjKkqvp611Hs9JNB2NEyQRTxid+9Eq5wBnawPjgg+7XLdM4APmxrr3ZEo3YkRMDJJNLKgUvwF3HJx6DPTmplsjH+RQ0+O7mvovbViRJJSUw2ZDuOSSc4wMYxXNb8Kt/dKg90SuB8NxrpsiCK5igtJd0aS8ygg5OOgx5cZrmeoKyX90km7esrA7uucnrVReh5dEAwM0njxTkUuwVBlicCrR9igTa5aWXz3FV+WBzWsIOfRjZT8a9ipT3T4aHdt8VJ6H0NeCgjGDUS+10xEajxyaUE4wSaQjBIzSDp1oQIeWPmfrSB2/qb614DI+FLtZQMjrRRXQ4SPjh2+ppO9k599vrTdpDYxzTtj8+6aTpCFEsn9bfDcaXvZepdj86iOc48adg4zii0O0ODuc5Y0u5gKYAcnAyaftbBODUtsmz3eN5j6Ck3E+A/yivHnOBSgZXIHTrStgIQPFV/yikwP6E/yil8OBXip8uKOTA8gAO4LHkeO0U4tuBBVSD190c00Dmnc+FFisrrnPGKdTOc+dLnJrSihd3Ximk14jANNpLQ0LSZ4xXvWlHTNAmxSwIq3ZoixmR4VmIbIR2wvzHj8OlVoE7yZEJChjgk9APE1av5UVikGe7HQ56+tXjXkpDmv5ZD/ABAox4DoKswGO5Ro2AUsMHigkk20jJJJ8KuWtycgMox99bWMhkiaKZo2+0pxUbeNXtSUF0kUEBhgknOcVRPU1zSVOiboTgGpI8DNM8MYpy4A60hWK4J8vjTCOeKcevFMI9eKAJAOATzxTT9rjmnE7QB1pnjnxpAFYARboB5ZqZOME1Fbj+EoP9NSx4JGOvFZvyC7OyQarP8Av+4iMiCKSKIxFwQoAHp4n8qK92pOTHGFDH6eFYXQjLa2ricTLIyKisYzt4BHJPFF4O0VtGkHe20xIGWLSooB6Hq3NVhyvamenmxbVB7Wgr2GxVdmwMxxNgn3h0P31x/XT/581P1uZPxNbXVu0OmyafNbx3ECllAAM6nGDkdOfCsDcy97dXEu/vC7lt3Xdnxp5JJ6Ry5lUEdot7tZNAt4FR89zFyiBy3ur4Hg9PuqO9kzFdcjGxx19KwGn9p4LS2ijaKS47scKY+PnkjpTNU7XveWzRi1mRjw7blAOfmeKcMmtg3HWz3Ym5FtHqTMGwbdVO0AkZPrxRbX5R+5Z1Awe4APugeHpWJtrxrUttj7wONrDIAxUt/rVxdwd08Sqp6kP4fAAUoTpUyFOPCgjY3yW2hxKdzuS2AP5ck81ldWPfKYwQrSSk4Y4xx41YS9uIo+7jkAQZwME9fnQvUy3ciTPv7sZFWpXRKasge9uPYxbOTsB6+nlVBmKyBlJDDkEU4Aeo48Kjfwq0kujWcnLsmgumjSZcBu9GGJ60fjYizg2qSysMDHoazK/aoxFeTWvs8sDOskZ3KyNtIPmDRLZMemFI2UXKAcZcHGPhRGyZU1WYSYANq4AbxyRgUJljjhjtrhG79mwx2zYKMPtKRtzz4HpTfablLjvCnszlSoXdu931qQf27ZVs12ww8dcn4811Ds7BNJ2EBhdF3M6jPHVyCSfDjx9K5nkCO1A8Ewf8xrbdmprj90wQm0V4eqMwLKSZTjI9Dn5VEhQ/Mmgv5TqbQXSwxzJhNkYwo4yOPh4+NY/tZH3faC9GMbir/VQa0t6snt+Q6uVGWAYYBOePpira9nl1m9uGneJJokjDExMd3uE9R0+ycZ+tKNm3tPLpGP7K6RLrerJYwTw25dGZpZmwqKByfXywPOmdoOy+paS7mYRzRKcCWBt6n8/urYaNoq6b2ikSFk3wDa+Y2RveXOAGyOnU54rPatf6pNcTKX7m2EhTvVBxIc9F8T8B863xyfQ5ekeNJyemZq0JUNkenzq0CGHBI+ArRRdnnnhIkCwleQJHy5Prjgff8AGq19oHsMKy3EirEzmMMjBxuAyQdpODg1GVO7IXpHN0mBe7BPG6oyMZ9K1WndkpL6zF1BL/BIOD3UmTgE9MenWvRdkJ51kaIlik/cEEFSW9M4zUqxr0ck65IyyH3qsMRzjz5Faa27F3E0rJwmxlVizqB7wUgj3uRh1PHnVXUdF/d2oew3Ala4933VYEDd0z6/rSafdD+hnJ0mjPnHegnzFSt9o9cVs77sNcWNpJcy23ehBuKrI5JGAeML/e6eh8qkl7G3tvoyX8lnbKhQyGJpD3gGfInk45IHIFHFgvQSf+SMC5O8kdfSpOSpODnHStenZV5rG1vU9h2TozgNOsbLtYjoxGenhUOg9nG1qeZLSOINEhkbvN3T5A88UqZp/TZbfJaMlHkPz99TZ6mtvP2Hmj1RLJVtzJIrMjtvQHB5HI6+Pwp03YW4h1eHTgbR5Jd2GEhA2ggEkHnx6cmnxfwR9A/9kYOMcmpDnaRyM1qdU7MSaXapcXcEOx5Gi92TcQw+Hh8Ku2XYi5vbCO8jFuscq70y7Z6gc8cdRSUXdUN/x0q5ckYROD6VJnKnrjFbPSew82pWi3ML2saMSu2SVgwIOCCADjkj6io9J7GT6paC4t0h7ssV96XB4BOfhxj4+nNPi/gn6CX+yMUvXg1KrYUjNXtXso7MhAhSVXKON27BHhnp9KGUjmzYXhlxkQjkV4eNePkK955rQg9jJovrPZvVdG06wvNTtTbQXwJg7xgGYDxK9R14zW4/ZX2T7qY9otetWNnbQvcWdsygtdOozuCkjKrjPOATjwqjrH7RoLu6vLi30G1mu7hSpvdSc3MwB6bRgIgHgFGB61XHVsDnnTpUlvbyTuViXOBknoAPMnworDo8A0x7rUNVtrWXAaO2x3ksg8+OF+Zz6UJuNQ3Rdzbr3cGfsjksfMnxNJRsdE8si2UBSGTdM4xIwHAH9IP4mhrSFQS3yprB9m88Dy8aYGBxnwrRUikh8S594ggnxqwAB5/Wq4c491c/OpELnwAoHQRbEloSXOUIIXHFVDwadCSARhTkY5FRk889aibtkSF8adj3QRimZ4zSqcDrWYj2PKvHoc0hz4GlySpz0FICQ4IHwphX/wAKUEEfCkDHJpgFYP7Jf8IxmnKeDTIuI1HjinA/CsiR0i7s7mZvUsSaaIYuDsUn1FLnj5U4HB4pByYqIoPQCpFHPFIoOCDx8aVcrnJpCseeKWbHeyY6cfgKZkYwetOlH8SQDJOR0+FBJG55qKTwqZ0YdcAetQtjHBJP0poaISeT4VDc2009oTDE7gPztGcVbgglnIW3iZm/uj861/Z/RprWB+9khcykELHlyOPHpWsFs0hd2jmElvLHkPC6+GSpFSR6dPKgYBQPU11y80E3MYWWaeNRyVVR73xzVJuzlsFPv3J/7i1vo1ts5idLuVBbCkDng1Lajv5o0wBxx41v5tCsEQrJJcLnr7god+4NFiDPHdz7h/VHz8qmS+Bp0Zm8tpA0qiRUSPaNhzk45/OnvKHkj5yVjwRnoaW/C29y9vDKfZ3J5MZyOB+NW7PRxebvYA4k2k7NpO4emM0uOqCb5FLfuSA8Y2YGPLJrp3ZwyHsRbi3xHMysO96YAkYkD15FcvfIlEYDAJlQG4ONxxmtnpdndns9a3NrDeJGg3d+Q3dhstnB6DjAPwqJIWP8mTG8W11EQyrPKUIRpJFxwM5PXpzmiuha1Pb66sSrbNaSq2+TuFY4CkAluu3IHFD4u9tM3GtTxIpAAH85GQcqg88YJPhQDtB2j9qRrXSolgtgCW2j7QyTz8zVQjLs6I5VB9WaHUO0EForTv3bzOGQ91GIw7D7RwPp581njfykpdTrHJfTHu4Ygu4Rg+Cr+J8frQa3SSa3SKBTJKw3SHgiJSc45PJohpcC33aGJZyywRIze+uMkfPrV34R0+6543NrroILM4kG8zF/Eswx8gAB/rrVy61q3OhLYhN1yt2ZmLxgrtMYXg9c9M5oXelUnfu+YR/W2/H1PAoJLd3CSN3EzRqx3EADx/6VeX8aOX02RY5+5Po6f2X7Zafp+kQQ3qxq0cpLRQwOxkTaRyS2Bkt4Y4XzNTaX2s0vTXniluDexPdd4kiWgBQD3i3vcncxIAzlQM1yj228/wD3D/QfpSi+u/G4f6D9KxTkjqfq8Du09nW9K7aaVA8sQjmEBWMhniAzsjRcEDndlOMEDxNAe12urqOs295aNHKixR+7tZcEEnaxPJPmR/1rBm+uyP8AiH/yj9KQX12f/aX+g/ShuT0GP1fp4S5JM63qvaiwv9MvLQ6hKkjwpsaOB9mUQAoMtn3j/MegGOpzT7/tlZLoSQxP313JAEaJQ4RD/eYnJxnwJJPxOeQi9u+c3L/QfpTPbbsf+0yfd+lPlIX1Pp/hnT9B7UWlvbi0mjltrWKFwB3zyh2KkbQpGBknPXAoX2P1eDSb2RrpkWNoWXeY2cg7SBgAgdT48cVhDeXeP+Jk+79K8Lq4xj2iT7qm5F/XYFap7OtSdrNOi1e01GCe6mKwtA8Pd7CuAPf+1hix5xnjjyq5cdtdMbW45EE3s8Mci95gjfuC8AZ69eTjyrjHfz5yJ5M/Gnrd3I49ok+6q5SMvqPTvtM6f271vTtXt4TY3U7vFJuKupCvuXnAPTbtHx3Grug9qNPtNJs7W5uO6YI8bCOF2CltoV2Jbw2kkL5jHjXI/abjB/jyfWvC7uOP478fCpt3Zf1eDgoU6R1zQO01rY6ZLa3GrByHdLVzA5KDnDSY8CSG4yeoNS9m9c0uCyRdT1C2edbqSfckEikkn7R2gZJ56+DY9K5B7XcZ4uH+g/SkN3clSDcP91NTZL9Rgd97DXakxNczG2mSaIzsyyIpVWByeAQMdfKgBpxkZuGYt8aTNZ0zi9VlWafJDIY2lkWOMFnchVHmTXWv2caV2UtLz2jtJOFMZHcQzRnu5W5953AIxkHAOOma5joqhbiS4bG2BNwz/UeF/X5Vek1WYqiqcBRjcOOMYH0FbR+TJI+mNT1WxubHUHtr+xu3e2kVBbSKyxoEPu8HqSB91fKI7j2UswKyALs2ng+eQfSji6hCLfdNbwyso91njBPQgDPXxJrOthmIBUAefGa0nK0LjRKbZFia5WYna2xAV/tCepx4AZqpsUnJUZogkQnVd8gigjGAepJ8cCpVuba24t7dXcfzze8fkOlZ02MopbTzpuhgeRR444+vSqy2lw0gTu/eY8UUl1Oa4cG5ZnjHG0Hj6V46tPF3qWf8CFznaMFgMYxuxn86qqGgdJbSwswkTocEg5FIDjwNPWVlkZ42dHPUg9alt4pLqdIYoe8mc4URjBJ+XH3UbKEhX3GJfHB8OtREV2Tsr+zvQtLsJLvtlOXlkiYJbxuSIhg5diPL6fGuOuAHYI25QcBvMeBpTi0Q9jW6V7r50mfSl8M1lQjwr3QGkB880qjIPU0CoeRjBx4Uw9adknrgikA5FFgFEBMa4GeBUgU45wPjVeUyRqm1yAR4VITuIyc8ZrNolkhCLnL5+ApolUdAePM01R1x0qJ8jd6EfiKVCLRkJUV5HPekZ4x4008EjyamIQsgJ8Q2f81CQqLKHLY9cUsc0jxjacuS3HieeKW2gmu5QtshY+YHFajQrDUNIfvI1h3c+8FRiM+GetCRUY2C7bs9qlyEaaE20ZGQ0w25+A60e0zsvawAPdA3Lg9Dwg+Xj86J20l7LOWmwyHwdxmr8dsXz3ylVz9hD1+J/SrjFmqikVvYLOUHMC4/uDaB8MVPb2ccK+5uHrmiMMMYGBGeB5VYWJNvKkEelbJFUDxDkfZJ9TTjalv5QKJiMY4BxUiQg8t99MZnrjTFmOTgkcDBqpLoSt0BFbJYU8vpVmO0jYnn6migOcS9npBkx/L3ao3WiXcSMxC7RySeMCur/u8ZwGAzVLXNFv5dPjNhZy3YaTDrH6cgHyBPn5U6EcR1bs9qCXDStFjavIIxgdc1pNIbVZI1hsoluIbJN0VonBRXXLDn7R5PXJGSPKttpXYrXZ7n2jWe0ltHNcndJY7ROkSDoC24e98MjzzWZ7VagND1yNtHvkENsCvfIMq8h+0rZHvA9SfPNZytO0XBL/0zd92a1ftBNe3sPdtDCQWjVgrKCcBcnALcHgeRrNa+ItKCWcNu0ZYq03ejL5GeD5dela/s/wBvLi0mufaJItQN5MB7OwZTnqZBjAGc7fM4q72j0zRe00VleahqMGn3IHd5hw5dPBSCRyOg+GOeKu/kSi5dGK0fTLlYFnD7jcKNkUJJYD14I+OaMrbwaLBKJblbi+mXa5BO1B/SOnPr0qXUNUj7PQHS7BFAQbe/D7mmXwO78qxt1qDzOyxnLf3un0qopL7mbzy8orFFUi5cyO64WQkZxyRjFUJTmVvEjinWME0sixBXLOQowepJxXebbQZreGOJjE2xAnQc4GPKpk7M8kOONROBjJYBeSegFPdHjYiVGQ+TAiurftFsrmz0BDawtvedELRL7w6kYxzyR4UP/ZnBcata6lLeJ7QFmRQ0g5ztJPX4j60q0c/E5tuHPIpocEHxrvh0GHcd1lDj/AP0pp7L2Ug9+wtz/wDLX9KVD4nBwR50hNd4HZLSgfesLfj/ALIU/wD2R0tuBYWh/wDlCnQcTgefOlB64Nd4bsVpZzixtv8A6YqFuw2n4OLK3Hl7gpUHE4aD5mnAjPUV2z/Yq0jY7LGAt6Y/OpouzMMYGbCA465jUn6gUUHE4eCDwDn4U0uM9RXd/wBy20bHNgqLjlkUf/jU8Ol6adq9xIC3Azbhh9dtFBxOBblx1H1pAw8x9a+hJLLRoHWGc2kcrKHCyRKpx58irMGj6fIAYltXHX3I0b8qKFxPnMMv9Q+tLuB8a+jW7PWGTugjBP8A2QH5UjaFYAYMK/JR+lHFBxPnwP3OnxquMysZG+A4A/E/OoO9wMAGpZbSSMAFWB/vuq/dmohbXDH3It4/7Nlc/QGmtDRG0rHgscZ6VpeyWlpNb3E84QySqY4FbGT/AFMM+VBtP01tS1GK0sSzswyxddoTHUn0FLcXcttdIttcFltnPdMvA69QPWk2x0e1nT7nS7gwXHvKcsj87XHmKGsrtnGCP6Sa3WqTRa9oybNvfAFkz1Djqo+I/KsOpxnNVGVipjUSR8gKcgZNRGUDg/dVt2K28hXowxmqHUmqAmt3BkG6PcvlnFbHS9ZttHitZvYkV5BvUJndgHGT6Gs5pdj7TeLC3CD3nPko6/69adIJL27OxcsfdVOmFHT4ACs3P7uKKrVh/We1s+vRS208SwJIAN+dxAHOM8cHxoCmnb2xHd278ge4S559ADU8MdvG2EiF9MvXnbCnz8fuFXG1vUCiwLqggiUhhDZx7VGORyMZxjzp99k0VLnRHtgGle42HncLSQAfMiq7R6aigpc3Mh8R3QX86MW/avWLd8w9otUVv+0yy/MZP4VPJrEOpgnX7C1u16G+swIZk9W8D8CBmjQUZe6ijRUkhYtGxI56gjwqIdaOa7oklnZ2l7ayxXWlTjEc0RztfxRx1D/6FA8ZqaFQvh4Uq9R55pPjXh1+dAUFZxuiTOMgA1GpO4/DFOMmDEpHG3PNLIVz7tZ0Z7FQ8+XxqOY5Tp1A/GnwxSzNtRHbywK02kdmlkO7USQmMhVI5+NIEmAbS2nu3YW8bMc9fCtFYdk1JDXbu79dq4C1oksCihbUlQowAu0D8KcjXEIKtGWOPPJb5ChKzRRJbDTI7aLbCoRfHBOT8TV2C3QjMYjPPXqKbZWxlG6UHP8ARggL8fOiaxAYBZB6VpGBZFBbKnkW/qqwiDPUfWl7sckMp+Ip6oAvLD6VoM8ietSgY6nPxNRqy8AEcVMuMf8ASgB6tzyePQ1Ku3AxnPxqAOD0FP3A4zkfIUAWVwepqRGCk7RVYMnp9KH/AL+0pXKm637SQwiid8Y69BQBoEnz9oVmO0OoXFjpNyRqkcUhfC26v/EbLdOOQMc/CrqdprDv2hjhvSVKhibcqBnp1I/6VV7SR9ntY0CHVljhunOf96jb7AB+ycEZOeAp8TSlvQJ1s5TqlzrmpXEVlpscn8dgqlWLMzE4AyTRiD9mWo3On3UPtHdzw3BjLzKyxsNituTxPvFh5H41Tsu0LWurPqkSxyW1i4hKBfs7hgsMccDgfPzrpseuyTxhpLi3aB0DJICW3A+g6V0YsCkurOfLncW90ce1n9nWsaZC08E0V08fJWLKt8RnrWRhvr6ETIrvmUgOWyT7p8zX0Jc6vaRZaa4HdDnO05rjf7QtR0+61gPpUZUYPfHGA756488cZrXPgUFyRh6X1MpS4sE6tqs2prbi6jt1aCPu8wxCPfzwWx1I6Z8qHmQhVCBQQeuOT8ai7zOT41J3U2wOYpAh5DFTg1yHd+y/pmpyW19bSbFzHKj5+BBrot1+0S/eRnt2ZMnjcAR9MVzrSdOu7qRRaWc9zIx90IhxRjUdDutPtGm1O5tbWTolsr95Ix8jt4HzPFUkl2Epyl2bq07byapqGnzX1iO508tPIbeYAl9pQPsby3EgAk9fKtr2OkiubfUbyJ1YXl/NKhB+0ikIpHySvn2xe4WTMRBiDBijvgNjpnzFdg/Zlp1xBbQ3Lzx24VPetYlP8UNkq7kkgnr0APFS6QJNnQSMdaYWxxkj5GvGQ+n0pA5zSA8r8nKufUrSkjaW7v64pQ/P/SvK7DOOflQA2Mq3VFUnnhs07b5HFLuYnp9BTS+T7oPnyvBoAayS4YxFWbw3dKrG7dWKyjuyPIZzVmVC67dgJPqRVcJHApLgJz/UT9xoGLFeAjPfEHy2A/nT/al5y27n+kfrQm+uXjYgJAVPRnBGfpVRryROe4jP+FwfzpWIvXkltM7Ne6fBIF/mbGceFQJpWlMwEdndQs//ACmP15qKHUg4PewoAByC+DTxfjcXgSDdjPvTE0uxlsaYbbi11S8gJHAc7vxqIpq6qWt9StbgdB3iD8f+tVF1G7kKIbe3ZmPvM284Hpjxq3BeXEcZMdgXIIG0IVx69Tmp0I4IbJ0D54+WKYLOQY2gZ+NdIv8As3PIHeSWP3I3J3RjjG3w8+atTaRaadLbtdbJZpG2xxJHjdjz5wB0yaqgMqlr+5Oz5M4Zb6/wJNhw6Q+QPgT1qpfhNRgWK7aP21VBt7pU2i5XphgOjjx8/vO9uNINxKXunied25wM7R5D/QoF2s0k2+mm4tlCvbMJkbGDkeg9PwpoRnux5eK/e0nXaX95N3GGA5HzH4UJ1qzYX85gjJiLblwOn+ua2tk1nd6K93cymCDPLdME8gdMk81nb/UYEiIhnjLlduIl9euSOPgKipKWloq1x2Z23IeOQDoBzuqO3s555hHBEzNxz4fEmplheR/92gdyT12nr8q13Z7s1cXWk38epi4skcDuXbKKD48HkjpWkm60TGr2DHjW209YY5le6nwFZfFQfD59D6VBEElWW0mDxhMB7iIfaOc4YeI9R9DVSSxl0i4vROweaIiGN0OQd38wPltz9a0fZ1dLjJtNRBRkCybzIArEjJGD5cffWUcVLb2aOd9dAnUtNuQqrb7JLbG4LH+P94+vX4UOt7eYTDK9R5+ldOSw054FNvLZlG94ssqptwMgkbvw5FBD+6kt7k3BBlX7DowYFs/ZJXg5HQjg+hojyTpiaXaMallM7k42xg8segqeGG6LqtnE4Cc8c/M+f4VuLHTLSWyhYRNJKUDHYVfDHoAPhjPrU8HZxRPh1IXOT7wH1x+VaUQZiz7/AEvaLjvrOxvysc4UZETg5WRc+XB45xkZ6UI1+1uYtavkmCvKJm3MhBDeoPr1+dbbtDohj0q6Z5fsRllDMfeI590HyohonZq01TR7W6lXfJcRK2QMFeOeflTGcqEMuPsc+VLHazufdiY/CuxxdirNZHbvJBx0XAAHl056VZs+zNlasGwCxPuB+WHr0FKhUcrt9LublkAjYHHTbkj5UdsNHgtF331rOxxkFztX/wC2ugGxt43J3d427Mhkj3fIEg4HpU8kiRrg2xkH2USOAjHp1P4UcRUZexjgukMVlH3HiwYqP0zVyLQ5AmVdRjxMePzo77MhD5gfLAZUx43HBwFyOTXk0xWkLTcR5V1iK8jAxgny9OgqXjQ6BVnbTs5CsjIODIM4+Xn+FEoLIRtlc5PU+dElgVcYIxjAAqQQ4B4NUlQymkLLzSlCR1NWSh8zj4UqofBhj4UxlQRe7nOKesZx04qztODng0gUnnFAEQXA4ApwBx1p+wZJOc07ZxjmgCJQc0oUgnrUqx4Hn8K8Ux4GgCLkHOTWXvdF1KK772xvLsWJ3Hu4t+Qc52kjOAckD4Cj+papaaSkU16V7tm24zkk+ePLzpsXbixkdY0kg3HgKZR+A/CmhMwfaizmWyt44bqdCH2gM8oZUwSxKt0Ax48k1jtM9udruwtO9NzKittLZRQFJDfQgD1NdK7edqVsYLW4tJLO4l70K6xbjtx1BJPkCMY4rJ6nZrc6A+uWLezXbSqndxEp3JOcKAOMYI58jSY0jNdlpUOjazFIR70aOAfHqP0q3pl1dx2oSC8njjUfYRuPkKzbpJCpZHwcZIHjRfSLgKyt8DXVgyU0mcmbHabLl0JboKTPJMp6l2JrP6nblU7xVI6/TNau1aLcwLKFzk+YGag1KGKTTZO7UuqhgH28DnjNdGWHKLZjinxaRkLDHtkOVDjePdPRvSunaNrDGNmkgglAQbg6ZeNvJc8KPgCfhWA0rSvalundpVWG3eYFVzkqOBnwqfTtZvbVGKhGZk2h5V3FfUH9c156vweg1WmbHWe0skCFMhS44hiJBb/EeuPiflWatLN9ZkuTd30Nvcqo2JNhEIzyoJPu48sH1pj2DJp89zeTFbt4hNFCftsu4De3kDngdT18OaWlyMsjAqHGeQx9cZz86GyVo3P/AJO4bvTlmsNTikvCuXVWBiz/AEgrkj4mtf2EntYbWeyhs5bC7iYe0Ry5ZmOMB93iPD/xrmNlq6wzSNEe7ktwWMigoy4OOD48+HjXU+zGqw6xp63DuvfRe6xAyOfEAdAfyqWhps0nPTc3PjuJNQKrhTtmYnyKlj8OtTWVnJPFvaQID0CuGH1FWv3a3jMMfCgAaiT964fuyvgcnJ+XhVjuwFx+NRXIlgbDqwBOAyDOfnUeZATwR4eBJoAm7pQRlEx55P4U4KqAhcL6ZI+lQoXOTjC55yOaUOA2FwCfE80AP2AHIOeerHP3U8JFJ9pVOPMUzIyTuBI8zTTJtIHunPPhQBPHHGhBjB58zj7qcUBz7idepANUkit0maVI171jnIY9enTOPpVgykZ38Y+dAWI1rExIMUJH/ux+lIIbe2XMdoHPQ92i5A+6nrKrDJJx5BD+lMMsbDARgB1wp/SgRLby7oQzxPDz9mQgEfQ4pZJe6T+BbbyeSS4qCO4SUMse4Yx1GD+tIDtbCmYnPUuaAOedo9XuodWks4baa4aWNR/DBCkBgeuPTk1oLVZlIuLiJ5J5B/EkKjC/3VXPuj656mgX+2MB3Fos5GMs/Tn4fH61Kvbi3Vt3dLnoSG5oDZpDIixk+8oJxyCo+45oV2kkij0C9Mvdg92ccNnPgOfzqm/bu2/mgBPmGxQbtd2kXUtFS1toxGJ3AzxkgdTRYUEP2d2NtqfZWWG7gjnjW45Vx5AEc/OiVz2F0e4meVkkgXaF2RSFEBHiOOTQvSu1VppGmQWVtbSFIVwGf+Y5yScDzq2vbyIj3rU8f3ifyoGDNQtrjsaUaG+MdtcExxlRnBx1IORn1rGX1ld3F4e8upLrvPeDyOctnnPJx9K23aHXrDXdMe0u7GXbnekqk7o2/qHH3eNYVdLkmcLJdHu1OAxVjx8MVNPwVfySpptx7NEhjjjVZS7bpVHhjxPxq2+li/1WRYpoGklckLnvXI9FHTjzqhqdtIjCztQ89nG25H7jazEjnPGTjnGelajQ72ysbJLlLeYvP7srQysh3DwO3nHj1xzSqXyO4hCXSG0LShPLpOnjugN0ksal2OeuGJ56dBWTvH1GWzt5zZuunQnu0YKAMlicEgdc/hWyj12ynfC6EJnOMfw2dmwcjLEE1ek7Su6xRDRpggO4L3TcnnnG3z/OmotdsTYI7H6LrLky3kckEETLIsUrlNx594qBkgeXFbuO1klTdPM5GMhIo9gb58k/WgidorveWXRr3aDxiJ/dz8vSpv35qDvkdn73cR9nu359RxVCF7Wrb6d2Zv3EUCu0RGc7n546kZ++iPZa2ms9C0uLbseK3Vi2cYJGfLrzWO12/u+0FzaaZb2NxNHAwmuokBdlAPCsccE+vnWjW81ORWjh0O7hIyRk4UfHNAGiPeu5kf8Aiv1BaQk5x8MUhEnAk2Fzzg84HyFD4nlLr3ttdJID9oJk/Tp/rirkU8hVVWO7BHVXQEn59BSTChZplhBZkZokXn3hj6daey3z/wAS37uEtge+S/u/DwNMa2uGZNkyxbTnleKtIkigb7tCPD3QB+NMCKKG4DlpyjykcuvGfTGOKsojjx8POm425Y3ajy+zXlkjIyLpABwc4oAeEz1XJppiYAhPc8sNmvboyQfbE+O5cUolhUbWukJ8PeFAxqw3iElrmMjy7kfrSnvyT70fzQ/rStPb4ObpeOD71NEtvj/iRg9D3lAHgJeRmP19w/rSnfjOR/lpN9vkj2kE/wCPmo99u2R3+PHIegB+HY8S4/7or2HOcS/PaKRTAqnMwwP72aRnhxlZQPmaAFKOVwZ5M+YAH5U07Y1Z3csFBO5jnFKrQ/1A/WqOvIJNGv0gVmka3kCgKx52mgDjPaLUpe0utlBIiQM+yPvXCogz1JPQVUvdOg0zV4YrcLNHA43zq2C5IB2geBHIyCc5Bp/Y+S3XUSbyZoYXQo7qwXCkc5ODgeZAz5UzUbHurwxrBJHAi7oo3UqQpGV4OSCQR18+aBC3r20QgBgdLUSs2xX3Dz288k9OSelHeztzJ2hmutPtFMftKLIQ5wEMbAg/MccefpWQkZNjFtoboB/KDXVOwXZptLih1GaO6e6ntyrRGHhckEH44A+tAzn9vYNd317pkymOdlZowwOVlTnGPUZH0oSi3FhIont5Qd3AK5BweeehrV9rNF1657V3lzp2kaioLhkaOFuMADcGHn1+dMt07UXCPHdaLeXbjhXktmBUjzIHI46VSaomgNqd7KNTEtra93G/vIicqcDDYPlTtJvpnWS2ZGa2lkDMOi4HUMeceWfWp9Q0btDbwvLNpF9EjHDSGAqPhx0HoMCq+g9m9b1q3lbSbN5oonCyEMAFYjiq56onirs0d7+7LW0mbTrgWVvdQ9y9sswuDI2cglVJ2qoz1OSSOMZoBII0QBLhDjpG8e1T88nH3USH7PO1AQlrdIlHXL4x91VLvsF2mt5THJpV1MODviUsp+fhS5Fdk7amLu3ktNVnlhLpgO0au2M5GG6449ap21hp0O7urq5ncggKI1/X8ql1/StW7GXECFZRbToGjM8YK78e8AOQCKHDXdTkDJLO6of+XlR91KwofdwqFvY0Dq+7exYYzg52/XNaj9lFtNLc32yfu1RFIUoHU5JyOeh4z9ayRkYwkEkZyctx16107sb2C1M6MJ5TdWrXOH2Kqg7P5c5Oc8k49aQG4RR/KFH+GlHeEHadv30F/wBgr9go/eF5hcYG1Bj1+1SRdgdQSTeL684YEHCH86QUF0T3twSJm81QA/jUqZc/YkJPlgj8aEt2H1QhQNQviq5AyEzz1Gc1LF2K1NYwFvdQXHhmPGfMeRoKoIbhsLOHUDwNJGVZfckh2+jVQTsPqCYP7wv8jxGzP1zTpOwty8zSx3OoIzc5DpxQFBHKp7oCqSccnmvDgkgFz6NQ8dhrxWZvbb/c3Vspk01Owl5GQUvr/I+z78fH3UCCRbDYkba56IzD9a9guG/p9GX9aox9hbrGHvrzzOZ06/5af/sXdn/9WuU/+av/AONAqLSwyke6pAPnj9a93YibnII4zVH/AGJk3AnWZSw6ZmU4/wD80wdiJFOY9edD594p/KgKLsUCO5n/AIbOB9tcZx8fKleIM2UuGiP91hg/EHrVRux9yOmvoD6bfwFR/wCx93kZ7TxLjyA/WgKLDWumjJ9oiyGBwLRfD5U110qIs0lxH1BB9kTx4xyP9ZoXGS7x5J8TQrtpeSaXpW+3WNmbKkyDdx8OlFCTsLdodT0fRLFp+/aSdv7KH2dFJb6dKo9j9MU3Umt69O8epzgiOJYQwgjPh8T9w+dBOyFlHewrq948lxfOxAeQ5Cf4R4VpFZizgsTtIx86KGaI3Njg5vbj5QL+lMNzpyn/AIu6/wDor+lBAcg58xzXuik+IOKBh4Xlk3u+2XoUeSAUoubBQf8AeL5vU7RWdOUJweOBz8Kjd2558OtFAaQXmnqSW9vPkd61i9egbR9XfWOzsdw8EpJvLXdhj5suPPxFTT3EoU4c8UNmvrlT7szCgDW6N2q0vVVDW5uCCgDL7SQ6nPQDyx95HlRRL+0D7kt7wAhsZuG6cYrjV/GlzK8joqTAZ72MbWJ9cdan0pr127sarqCIeCFlx+VAjr82q2SRtJPBNHH3YbdLdMq/Umslq3attZZtP7JWzbs4kvnkcpCPQnrWfm7PW8r95d3N7dFSDieXcPpijNsWtoxFCQkajAVVAA+gpoLD/Zyx0vQ9MW3js3nmc7prh5CGlfzI8B5D86KLcWOP/R6eZ/iHmsyt1KNvIOTjkVcgnd1y2Pp1ooDQC7suM6dESPEyE0722y4xpkB9SxNA45GYkE05nbLcng0BYcOo22No0y355xk0q39tg/8Amy268eQoNsGwcn7WPur2Tk8k4AIzQFhc6jb53fu20z8M0797R4O3T7T/AC0GLtjOegz+NJIx3E+IOOtAwyNXwOLK0HPTu+lNGstuOLW1HwjoUWO0fD8qjIHPHUUAGxrUgPEVt8Nle/fc3/KtvjsoIfc+yOvFRljgkcEGihWHxrc2eEt8eP8ADph1u5GRiAHy7ugG4rkg8hhXlkYs+ce70oodh9dcu26PEB/7sUja3eDH8RP/AKYoCZGz5ZHhTN7bWO49c9aBWG21693cSrjrgIKhOvaiCD3uB/gHFDYQWLEs3B86hvCRGnLZPjmih2c27V6K+najLfWDL3EjF2j6FCTk4Hivp4UH/eMLRMP3cGkPU7pAp+K5xXT57WKX+0Xdzjn/AF60KudPt1fCpjOaKEZbs5BbPqMd9qjxjumDR24j93I6ZGMYHl9a6Qe2V07EpfkgegH14rJXFrFGfdXoajiQFgfGmo2Fmpn7XX6nPtshHhtIodP251JT/wATMfTNBhEvv+mKZ3Ec8Dbx4eHFJoLCDdvtU3BkuLjI44YD8KAWuotZXRu9Je6sZyCGMTZVs+YPWmiFFnkXkhemanWFMZxTUbFYRg7ca1jZPPK2ONysRkVL/tlqhyfaLnOc/wBoaF9xGF4WlMSDHHhTUUFkmsazcatYm0vw9xDu3KrsfdPmD4GszHp84zslG0HjI5rSd2uDx409YUIBNPigsH6FElldLc3EK3MiEMgbhQfPHifjW9h7a3DKN7XBJ6nvTzWU7tRwBT4o1689aKA3MXafvACZbkHrncT+dTHtADkrLOD6k/rWKt8joTVxCafALNWNcDHPeSn4k/rT11nONzSc+Oc1lYyT484zVhSQwFLggs0X7z3Lnc/l1P601dQkGcyPjy3EfnQVXIxg+dKJG2Dk0UCDf7wcE4aTJ8mP6003szAESyr5jdmhAJ933jk02SR0V8OeFyKVIAxHdTE4LFhnjnpSichmy7t5ZIGPuoLb3EhdVLZGCauK7ZIzRQIuGYhsDP14py3LDIKk/Fqp5JbHgcVLj3QcnJGaTQ7LftiDjGD8OKXvGYZjyR5qetDyASaqXiEJvV3U4zwcU6Ez/9k=
