##Hubei Province Red Cross donation amount confusion, flow unknown? Statistics tell you

Micro Signal Ai

What features and rules do we expect to establish before the singularity Ethics of artificial intelligence? Welcome to AI SPACE FOR DISCUSSION!

Recently, as the main donor channel for the COVID-19 epidemic, the Red Cross in Hubei Province and at all levels once again stood in the storm of public opinion. Donations have been pouring in from all walks of life since the outbreak, while front line hospitals have taken to social media to shout about the need for supplies, prompting the public to ask, have I used the money I donated? For who? Where can I get this information?

In this regard, the NANDU reporter combed through the official information on epidemic prevention donations from the Red Cross societies of Hubei Province and the 17 cities (states) under its jurisdiction (including 12 prefecture-level cities, 1 Autonomous Prefecture, 3 provincial-level county-level cities, and 1 provincial-level forest area) .

The statistics of the donation amount of the regional Red Cross Society are confused, and the difference of the provincial Red Cross Society's one-day data amounts to more than 20 million

In order to better understand the situation of collecting donations and distributing materials of the Red Cross societies of Hubei Province and its 17 cities (prefectures) , the NANDU reporter inquired about the deadline of January 31,2020, red Cross societies at both ends, and other official channels including the local Government of the People's Republic of China website, the Health Commission website, the government affairs platform, and so on (press releases are not included in the list, and can not be consulted for more than 5 hours, that is, extremely difficult to query not included) public information.

As we fight the epidemic, the community is giving generously. As the capital and "front line" of the epidemic, Wuhan has attracted national attention with donations of up to 618.9 M. Huanggang Red Cross received about $61.75 million, followed by Xiaogan Red Cross, which received about $43.898 million. The Red Cross societies of Xiangyang, Suizhou, Jingzhou, Jingmen and Ezhou all received tens of millions of dollars. It is worth noting that there are also five Red Cross societies without public donations, namely Enshi Tujia and Miao Autonomous Prefecture, Tianmen, Qianjiang, Shennongjia and Huangshi.

By comparing the public figures, the NANDU reporter noted that there was a high degree of coincidence between the distribution of confirmed cases in Hubei Province and the ranking of donations received by local Red Cross societies, and that confirmed cases in various places were also roughly arranged in this order.

However, Nandu reporters found that some Red Cross still have the issue of inconsistent digital caliber, the form of the public table is not uniform, it is easy to let the public confusion in understanding.

For example, the Hubei Red Cross Society wrote in its "donation announcement (1) " that "as of 16:00 on the 25th, the Red Cross system in the province had collected 31,622,800 yuan in donations" , but in its annex form "January 25,2020 new pneumonia donation information bulletin" , it shows the total amount of donations "3482232.11" , a difference of nearly 28.14 million yuan. Because the annex table does not indicate a specific deadline and the scope of coverage (only province Red Cross, or the province as a whole) , it is easy for the public to misunderstand, and similar issues exist in several other announcements.

The 11 cities Red Cross public information did not mention the specific flow of funds, goods

In addition to the public donation information, materials and funds of the detailed use and direction is also the focus of social concerns. On January 30th the news that "Wuhan Union Hospital medical supplies are not running out, they are running out" attracted widespread attention. On the same day, the Red Cross Society of Hubei Province released for the first time the use of donated materials it had received since the outbreak. Among them, the flow of supplies such as masks to "unreasonable" and the amount of donations "could not be closed, " and other issues raised public questions.

According to the public information, the NANDU reporter found that as of January 31, only five Red Cross societies in Hubei Province, Wuhan, Jingzhou, Xiaogan City and Ezhou had clearly listed the whereabouts of materials and funds donated by society, specifically to which hospitals or institutions. In addition, the Xiangyang Red Cross lists the use of donations, which is used to purchase materials (not listed for which hospitals or institutions) .

The Red Cross Societies of Wuhan, Xiaogan, Jingzhou and Xiangyang mentioned the flow of funds in their announcements. Xiaogan contributed 11.48% , Xiangyang 28% , Wuhan 29.66% and Jingzhou 46.04% .

The remaining 11 Red Cross societies referred only to donations. For example, the Suizhou Red Cross on January 31, "Suizhou Red Cross on the status of public donations of funds and medical supplies, " only referred to 31 units or individuals to the time, the amount of donations, and the cumulative total of donations received between 1700 and 1700 on the 30th and 31st, without any indication of expenditure or of material or funds allocated to the hospital.

As for the Red Cross Society of Hubei Province, which has recently been at the forefront of public opinion, the NANDU reporter noted that since January 25, the Red Cross Society of Hubei Province has started to publish donations on its official website. As of February 1, a total of seven announcements had been made. Among them, a total of six electronic forms with detailed donation information (the electronic form with no detailed donation information in the "donation announcement (4) ") have been published, but there is no use and flow of donations. It was not until January 30 that the Hubei Red Cross Society first announced the use of some donated materials, five days after the first announcement.

Ma Guoqiang, deputy party secretary of Hubei Province and Party Secretary of Wuhan City, said in an interview with News 1 + 1 Anchor Bai Yansong on the evening of January 31, charities will be obliged to publish every three days the status of donations received, the whereabouts of donated items.

According to information collated on the NANDU reporter's website, among the 17 local Red Cross societies in Hubei (the Qianjiang Red Cross does not publish information on official donations) , it is more common to wait more than three days before announcing donations, ezhou has had donations announced on the same day, but there are records of delays of three or four days. The Jingmen Red Cross was the worst performer, with a seven-day gap between 31 days and 24 days of supplementary donor information. On the whole, the most timely announcements were made by the Red Cross Societies of Wuhan, Huanggang and Jingzhou, which lasted no more than two days.

Six Red Cross official communication channels, "three-nil" information inquiries need to turn over multiple channels

Public information on donations is an important part of charity work. As early as 2009, after the storm of fraudulent donations and false donations in the Wenchuan County earthquake, the Ministry of Civil Affairs has issued the "guidance on further strengthening the work of information disclosure of social donations. ".

As a public welfare organization, it is necessary for the Red Cross to establish a unified media platform as a publicity channel so that donors can keep abreast of the management and use of donations.

The NANDU reporter found that 10 of the Red Cross societies in Hubei Province, which includes 17 cities (states) , do not have official websites. Among them, Suizhou, Xiaogan and Jingmen all have incomes of more than ten million per cent of the donations currently published. Of the 10 Red Cross societies that do not have official websites, three have their donation information posted on the local Government of the People's Republic of China website or the Health Commission's website, but there are still seven Red Cross societies, including Jingmen, Huangshi, Xianning, Xiantao, Tianmen, Qianjiang and Shennongjia, that have no official websites.

Although some Red Cross societies open official wechat accounts or micro-blog accounts, but the account is a "Zombie Account" , there is no public donation information, equivalent to no public information, for public opinion supervision role.

In the case of the Ezhou Red Cross, there has been no update on the public account of the Ezhou Red Cross, "Love Ezhou" , since it posted a tweet on January 25 accepting donations.

In addition, its Sina Weibo account is not officially verified and has 24 followers. NANDU reporters noted that the micro blog on January 26, January 29 and January 31, respectively, published the details of social donations (1)(2)(4) , donation documents stamped with the local Red Cross official seal. However, the details of social donations (1) link content for the details of social donations (2) . In the end, the Nandu reporter went through various channels and finally found the complete donation announcement information in the "Ezhou on the cloud" (Ezhou government affairs website) .

Another example is Sina Weibo@huanggang Red Cross, the only one posted by Booven on July 28,2015. "The Huanggang Red Cross Micro blog has been launched. Please follow. "

In particular, it should be noted that there are six "three nil" Red Cross societies at the end of the two micro-economic zones. They are in the city of Suizhou, Xiantao, Huangshi, Enshi Tujia and Miao Autonomous Prefecture, Tianmen and Qianjiang.

The NANDU reporter noted that the Hangzhou Red Cross Society, which recently appeared on the Weibo hot search list, has adopted a multi-channel approach to public information that is worth learning from.

Wei Danying, executive vice president of the Hangzhou Red Cross Society, said at a news conference on January 31 that in order to better use and facilitate social supervision, from January 28, the Hangzhou Red Cross Society will publish the daily income and expenditure of donations in the fourth edition of the Hangzhou daily, and simultaneously update its official website and wechat public accounts. The announcement will also be broadcast on a rolling television screen. It is worth mentioning that many netizens found from this newspaper announcement that Mr. Lin Shengbin, the Party of the "Hangzhou Nanny arson case, " donated 5,000 masks worth 90,000 yuan on January 28.

The Alumni Association and the fan club have posted forms, pictures and details to dispel doubts

In addition to the Red Cross, a number of non-governmental organizations have also launched fund-raising. So how do they explain how to use the materials and answer the questions of the donors?

The NANDU reporter learned that since January 29, the Wuhan University has been tweeting articles on donation and expenditure details through wechat every day, iTEMIZE issues such as donors, amounts, items donated, purchases, quantities, destinations and logistics.

To address the issue of logistics distribution, they write down whether each shipment is sent, in transit or delivered, and attach a picture of the shipment. Because of the huge donation data, the Wechat tweet also included a web site address for the public to check all the details of donations.

In addition, the Shenzhen Alumni Association of Wuhan University provides a volunteer's Wechat Qr code to guide donors with standard materials so as to avoid wasting resources.

This affects the people of the country's epidemic prevention donation action, "Rice Circle Girl" is not absent. The NANDU reporter noted that on January 26, Zhu Yilong's fans launched a campaign to donate medical gloves to some hospitals in Hubei province through The@loong Zhu Yilong charity website. The station first contacted glove manufacturers, and then raised 164,000 yuan through a third-party platform for glove production and transportation.

During the period, some fans raised questions about donations. "Loong Zhu Yilong Public Welfare Station" specially sorted out the issues that fans are concerned about, such as the use of donations, the unit price of gloves, the qualifications of manufacturers, the distribution of donations, delivery time, logistics and distribution, etc. , to the United blog. In addition, the station constantly updates the transport of gloves, and attached a number of live photos to reassure fans.

According to the station's Weibo account on January 31, the first batch of surgical gloves for medical use arrived in Huanggang in the early hours of January 30. The local headquarters has informed the hospital to go to collect them, and the second batch of disposable inspection gloves has also been loaded and shipped.

Go to "discover"-"take a look" browse "friends watching"

Sent

####Send it to take a look

Sending

Leave a message

A scan of wechat
Pay attention to the account


-------------
title: Hubei Province Red Cross donation amount confusion, flow unknown? Statistics tell you
source: nan-fang-du-shi-bao
authors: _
editors: _
proofreader: _
photographer: _
translator: _
via: https://github.com/2019ncovmemory/nCovMemory
link: https://mp.weixin.qq.com/s/B8sGiFitdjYVFT_vW22s9g
archive: http://archive.ph/NRI6w
snapshot: https://github.com/2019ncovmemory/nCovMemory/blob/master/archive/jpg/1706.jpg
lead: Donations have been pouring in from all walks of life since the outbreak, while front line hospitals have taken to social media to shout about the need for supplies, prompting the public to ask, have I used the money? For who? Where can I get this information?
cover: data:image/jpeg;base64,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
