##How long can my company survive the siege of Wuhan

Weixin Quanmingushi

In fact, everyone's story is thrilling.

“
February is a sure loss, and I have no intention of trying to figure out how much it will cost.

“

February is a sure loss, and I have no intention of trying to figure out how much it will cost.

The 435th story of the plan for all the people

One

"My company, there are 300 people! "

I used to love it when I was talking to friends and relatives and people would ask me how many people were in my company. Because once the company reported the size of the staff, presumably will not be the other side that I just started a small company, a little sense of existence.

Now, after 10 days of isolation at my home in Wuhan, I'm getting more and more anxious about this employee.

My company is doing "customer service outsourcing" , the customer is an online game virtual goods trading platform, if it is a person who does not play online games to talk, the other side may not understand what these transactions in the end.

The so-called virtual goods, refers to the network game props, gold coins, accounts and so on, these can mostly do business on the platform. The entire platform's customer service business is shared by two service providers, I am one of them, another is in Hubei's x city.

As is the custom in the customer service industry, we also work 7 x 24 hours a day, and the more holidays we have, the more gamers we have, the more transactions we have, and the more people we have to have on holidays and holidays.

As early as December last year, we fully anticipated the possible increase in orders during the Spring Festival holiday and arranged the Manpower and shifts to match the 30% overbooked orders. In order to ensure the smooth implementation of the shift schedule, we have done all staff motivation and mobilization, and arranged for some employees to go home early with their families, and then return to the company during the New Year.

January 17, the company held an annual meeting, the Spring Festival holiday shift schedule began to implement. Workers who had been sent home early left Wuhan, leaving about 100 people to return to work as usual. But over the next two days, what had been a rumor, suddenly became a reality.

By the 19th, officials had reported 139 new cases of pneumonia; on the 20th, Zhong Nanshan said it could be transmitted from person to person. All of a sudden, a lot of people on the street were wearing masks. The company also urgently purchased a number of epidemic prevention materials, such as masks, disinfectants, hand sanitizer, Radix Isatidis and so on, but also equipped with the front desk thermometer.

The office has also told staff to take their own temperature before entering the company, seek medical attention immediately if they find any abnormal temperature, wear a mask while working in the company, and avoid close contact between employees. The Functional Department of the company, including me, was scheduled to have a holiday on the 23rd, but in order to reduce the density of personnel, we took a holiday a day earlier.

Back home, I did not feel the joy of the Spring Festival should have brought, on the contrary, the development of the epidemic of particular concern, do not know how much impact on the company's business.

After the hard day of January 22, things didn't get any better. Instead, they got worse. Out of concern for our own safety and that of our families, we made the decision not to go back to our hometown for the new year.

Subsequently, I contact the company left the project director, the other side replied that everything is relatively smooth, the staff are wearing masks, there is no fever and physical discomfort. I'm relieved to hear that.

Having trouble falling asleep the night before, I woke up the next morning at half past eight. The first time I looked at the mobile phone reports about the epidemic, the Wuhan government announced at 2:00 a.m. : from January 23,2020,10:00, Wuhan City Public Transport suspended, the airport, railway station from the Han Channel closed.

The city's closed. Has the epidemic reached such a critical stage? Do any of the employees still work there? Does business need to stop? If we stop, How long will it take?

Soon after, the project director called me and told me two things: First, some of the employees told me that they didn't want to work in the company after hearing the news of today's closure of the city; Second, some employees who wanted to continue working, their family members called directly, said he was gonNA pick him up.

"Then report to the Party of the first party as soon as possible. " I thought about it for a while and said to him.

"It would be difficult to put it in now and then to gather it up again, " the director said by telephone. "And with the sudden interruption of business, this month's business targets will not be met, and the settlement will certainly be affected. "

"That's why I want you to check in with Party A. The bottom line is that none of us can afford to expose our employees to the risk of infection, and when that happens, the business is not a question of temporary disruption and the workplace is closed."

Around three o'clock in the afternoon, the director sent me a picture of the company gate with a seal on it. By that time, has been working for more than 4 years, never closed down the workplace, and finally empty, closed the lock. I reply him: Hard Work, you also take care!

The company's doors are sealed

Two

January 24 is the Lunar New Year's Eve and the second day after the city's closure. Looking out of the window of the house, the street was cold and rainy. There was not a single passer-by.

All Day, I've been feeling heavy and vulnerable. "Wuhan refuels" the slogan to be overwhelming, but always feels oneself to be in an island. WECHAT groups, friends circle from time to time have someone was infected, a place was closed down the news. When watching the 90 year old Guo Lanying sing my motherland on the evening of the Spring Festival gala, his loneliness and helplessness burst into tears.

On the first day of the Lunar New Year, I received a New Year message from the project director. At the end, he also told me a piece of good news. Party a started to build a transaction management system that can run on the external network. In other words, employees can use the internal network without going to the company, you can do business directly from your home network.

"When will it be ready? " I asked him.

"tomorrow at the earliest, " replied the director.

"Great! " I seem to see the Dawn, "you hurry with the staff to make a statement, as long as the system is online, our people have to go up, are now home quarantine, time should be more than at work. "

I didn't care that the director simply responded "yes" and was still in the excitement of a comeback. Who knew it wasn't that simple.

Early in the morning, I made an audio call to the director and asked him if the system was online.

"The system is ready to use, " the director replied.

"How many people did we fuck? " Actually I have also done the estimation, the possibility that all can go up is not big, but more than half of manpower is still OK.

"Less than 20. "

"Ah? " I was puzzled for a while, then continue to ask, "how can there be so few people? "

"because a lot of our employees come from towns and villages, we don't have computers at home. About 40 or 50 people who stayed in Wuhan without leaving the city are now trapped in rented rooms with no computers or Internet. I asked the team leader to check each one, a total of 17 people can be online."

"Not out of town, have network not computer how many people? " I thought to ask him.

"forty-five. I've counted them. "

"They can go to the office and move the computers. "

"I also asked, all dare not go out, " the director replied, "and now the motor vehicles can not go on the road, or I will go to the company to pick up and send them

"I'll go and get a new driver's license, " I said.

"force the car out, short distance should be OK, but not across the river, you in Hanyang, I in Hankou, can not reach the company. All the river crossing is closed. " He stopped for a moment, "No, " he said, "I'll take my chances at night, just in case. "

My heart is very moved, hurriedly said: "You do not be impulsive, very period, think well before moving. "

After we spoke, I thought long and hard. Finally sent a message to the director, let him build a large group on Wechat, all can contact the staff are trying to pull into the group.

After nearly four hours, the number of wechat groups that "walk hand in hand to tide over difficulties" has stabilized at 136. I said to the director, a single spark can start a prairie fire, but a single spark must be preserved, and whether we can resume normal work in the future, these 136 people are the spark.

That night, Wechat Group's Hongbao rain is very strong, each Hongbao less than three seconds to be robbed, a voice of thanks. I said a lot of encouraging things to the director, and everyone was in high spirits. I slept the best that night, hoping that the next day, with a little mobilization, more people would come online.

Three

"Can a brother go to the company to pick up the computer? " The next morning, the director in the group called.

There was an unusually large crowd of 100 people last night.

"Who would like to send it? With a battery car can send two, the company Park is only responsible for opening the security, the computer is only sent to the building door, no contact with people, the risk is very small. "

Still no answer.

"Well, " I did not expect this result, and waited for a while or no answer, to the director of a private message, "you said in the group, who can send, a reward of 50 yuan, send a photo, I direct red envelope

I could see the director hesitating. It took him about half an hour to say what I meant on the group. The reason I didn't say it myself was because I was afraid if I said it, no one would respond. I suspect he shares that concern, as this may be the last resort. If no one else is willing to step up, either continue to increase the rewards or give up.

"What's the matter with you guys? If I had an electric car, I'd go. " I didn't expect a response.

"The heart is a good comrade! " I hurriedly encouraged, the director also sent him a like.

Then there was peace again, and I felt discouraged and stopped staring at the screen.

Close to seven o'clock in the evening, the group suddenly had a movement, many people are asking how to connect the business system. It turns out that an employee drove the car to the company, picked up 16 computers at a time, and now they've all arrived at their destination.

Employees go to the office to move computers | by the author

"Why didn't you tell me in the first place? " I asked the director.

"At first it was another employee who was going to take it in an electric car but had to wait two hours for it to be fully charged, so he sent a message to the employee to see if he could get it out. I didn't tell you because I wasn't sure I'd be stopped. After he got the computer, I kept calling him to tell him where to send it. I was nervous about what would happen in the middle of the trip, so I didn't have time to tell you."

Out of the window, night had fallen, street lights I do not know when up, the street wet, reflecting the Orange Light, at this time to see even more warm. After sending out 16 computers, a few employees went to the company to collect the computers themselves. Finally, a small team of 40 people was assembled.

I was a little relieved, but the director gave me another message, let me just put down the heart hung up.

"Party a just told me that the number of x [ another service provider ] has stabilized at 80, so let's do something about it. There are too many orders piling up on the line and we need to deal with them in time. "

"How did they get so many people online? "

"They took the day off a day after we did, and before they split up they had already made it clear that they could work off-site, so the staff moved their computers back in advance. City X is small, and most of the staff are local and have Internet at home. "

"This situation should be made clear to party a that it is not that we are unwilling to take action, but that we have all the options we can think of now. "

"I've already spoken to them about it, but the person in charge of the operation is still pushing, and the last thing I'm saying is that if there are so few people online all the time, they might consider switching. "

Though I only spoke to the director by audio, I could hear his anxiety. "We're going to renew our contract in March this year, and now there's a problem. It's killing me! "

"Don't worry, I'll contact the person in charge tomorrow! "

How can there be no hurry? But if I get anxious, he gets anxious. I hung up after the voice sent him a "don't panic, no matter" expression, after all, some things, can only own shoulder.

Four

I was up most of the night, trying to figure out what to tell the person in charge of party a about the current difficulties. I know nature is to reason with reason, to move with emotion. But on the other hand, he is only the head of the service provider, the platform's overall profitability is also his evaluation goal, he will support me in reason, but how to explain to his superiors.

At around 10:00 the next morning, I estimated that the person in charge of the other party had already got up, so I summoned up my courage and sent him a message on Wechat. I originally wrote a lot of words, but they were all deleted at the last minute, finally, there is only one sentence left: "I hope that when the spring flowers bloom, we are still partners! "

Within two minutes, the other party's response: "The change of service providers, there is no final decision, we will certainly take the quality of business service as the first consideration factor, you do business well, we will use poor? "? Do not listen to those rumors, do a good service is the greatest competitiveness, and other do not think much. In Times of crisis, WE FACE THEM TOGETHER!"

I read it over and over again, initially encouraged, but then I realized that there was something to be said for changing providers. It's just that the jury is still out, and it all comes down to the completion of the business. It will be decided in March whether to renew our contract, but in late January and through February, it will be difficult for us to meet our targets, while another service will be able to turn the tables during that period.

The more I thought about it, the more nervous I became.

For the next two days, I kept an eye on the number of people going online, but it never grew. I also did a daily online to give an additional 100 yuan subsidy incentive, but no effect, but an additional expenditure.

Finally to do the monthly settlement time, the director sent me Wechat early in the morning: "Party a asked what we expect in January by the settlement plan? "

According to the usual practice, the client service outsourcing business employer (party a) generally sets multi-dimensional evaluation indexes for the service providers, and calculates the scores according to the completion of these indexes every month, the final settlement amount can then be determined by referring to the relationship between the score and the settlement ratio and the amount of tasks completed.

"What do you think? " I asked him.

In Ordinary Times, party a only needs to settle accounts according to the established rules, and does not need to ask such questions at all. As the project director, I just need to check the score and the amount of tasks can be correct, also do not ask me. He asked today, presumably to make a risky move.

Sure enough, director replied: "In late January, we did not do a single, the whole month scores will be pulled down a lot, party a should be in accordance with our pre-closure points to do settlement. ". But in January we missed 10 days of work, reducing the amount of work done by at least a third, which means that the total settlement will be 30% less. So even if the proportion of 100% settlement, and the proportion of the bottom 90% settlement is also about the same. We May as well take the initiative to submit to the arrangement of Party A, as long as we take into account our previous performance and current difficulties when renewing the contract."

I asked him how much difference there was between the two, and he gave me a number. I hesitated for a moment, "Just tell them what you want to tell them, " he said. "And since it's too early to say when we'll be back in February, there's less work to be done, so you can tell them we'll be as compliant as we were in February, and we'll settle on actual points. "

Five

It is now the 10th day of self-isolation at my home in Wuhan. The exact settlement amount for January has not yet been made clear. The number of people who can be online every day has still not increased, and because I can not control the working status of the employees, it's very inefficient.

300 employees, that's 300 people on the payroll. In accordance with the regulations, during the epidemic period, enterprises in a wage payment cycle did not resume work, in accordance with the standards set by the employment contract to pay wages. For more than one wage payment cycle, the basic cost of living is paid at not less than 70 per cent of the local minimum wage.

Staring out the window at night in Wuhan

I know this is a corporate responsibility, and I don't expect the government to subsidize small businesses like mine, even though I have provided 300 jobs, to provide them with food, clothing, shelter and shelter.

There is also a settlement in January, if party a to give the care, according to the point before the shutdown settlement, should be able to barely cover the wage costs. But February is a sure loss, and I have no intention of trying to figure out how much it will cost.

What worries me even more is how many workers will be able to arrive on time when they return to work in February? If the manpower is insufficient, it will increase a large number of recruitment and training costs.

As a small business like me, I simply can not rely on the attractiveness of wages to calm people's fear of short-term employment in Wuhan, so even if willing to pay recruitment costs, it is not necessarily able to fill the manpower in time.

If the manpower is not replenished within February and the training reaches the same level of capacity as before, the task will not be completed, which in turn will directly affect the renewal of the contract.

I stood in the window, saw not far from a high-rise facade paved big screen is still lit, above the red bottom yellow character "Wuhan refueling" particularly eye-catching.

"Wuhan REFUELS! " I also shout in the heart.

Call for

We want to use the national story project as a platform, to give you an idea of every part of Hubei: Wuhan, Huanggang, Ezhou, yellowstone, Xiaogan, Xiangyang, Jingzhou, Jingmen, Suizhou, Suizhou, Suizhou, Suizhou, New Orleans, New Orleans, New Orleans, New Orleans, Shennongjia, New Orleans, New Orleans, New Orleans, New Orleans, New Orleans, New Orleans, New Orleans, New Orleans, New Orleans, New Orleans, New Orleans, New Orleans, New Orleans, New Orleans In every county, in every town.

You in Hubei can tell us about your experience.

Whether it's a message or a picture, it can be sent directly to us from the public account of the National Story Project.

Hopefully, this time, we can get through this together.

Call for

We want to use the national story project as a platform, to give you an idea of every part of Hubei: Wuhan, Huanggang, Ezhou, yellowstone, Xiaogan, Xiangyang, Jingzhou, Jingmen, Suizhou, Suizhou, Suizhou, Suizhou, New Orleans, New Orleans, New Orleans, New Orleans, Shennongjia, New Orleans, New Orleans, New Orleans, New Orleans, New Orleans, New Orleans, New Orleans, New Orleans, New Orleans, New Orleans, New Orleans, New Orleans, New Orleans, New Orleans In every county, in every town.

You in Hubei can tell us about your experience.

Whether it's a message or a picture, it can be sent directly to us from the public account of the National Story Project.

Hopefully, this time, we can get through this together.

We want to use the national story project as a platform, to give you an idea of every part of Hubei: Wuhan, Huanggang, Ezhou, yellowstone, Xiaogan, Xiangyang, Jingzhou, Jingmen, Suizhou, Suizhou, Suizhou, Suizhou, New Orleans, New Orleans, New Orleans, New Orleans, Shennongjia, New Orleans, New Orleans, New Orleans, New Orleans, New Orleans, New Orleans, New Orleans, New Orleans, New Orleans, New Orleans, New Orleans, New Orleans, New Orleans, New Orleans In every county, in every town.

You in Hubei can tell us about your experience.

Whether it's a message or a picture, it can be sent directly to us from the public account of the National Story Project.

Hopefully, this time, we can get through this together.

Author Yuan Zhi, General Manager of a company in Wuhan

Editor | Pu Moshi

▼

The national story project is looking for anyone with a story

Tell the story you care about and send it

tougao@quanmingushi.com

As soon as the story was published, it was paid 300-1000 yuan for each thousand words

Please support the National Story Project, Click here

Go to "discover"-"take a look" browse "friends watching"

Sent

####Send it to take a look

Sending

A scan of wechat
Pay attention to the account


-------------
title: How long can my company survive the siege of Wuhan
source: quan-min-gu-shi-ji-hua-（-ge-ti-）
authors: _
editors: _
proofreader: _
photographer: _
translator: _
via: https://github.com/2019ncovmemory/nCovMemory
link: https://mp.weixin.qq.com/s/kj9hCYGMHaxfUFrNsdyJlg
archive: http://archive.is/SHr1V
snapshot: https://github.com/2019ncovmemory/nCovMemory/blob/master/archive/jpg/397.jpg
lead: 300 employees, which means 300 employees.
cover: data:image/jpeg;base64,/9j/4AAQSkZJRgABAQAAAQABAAD/2wBDAAYEBQYFBAYGBQYHBwYIChAKCgkJChQODwwQFxQYGBcUFhYaHSUfGhsjHBYWICwgIyYnKSopGR8tMC0oMCUoKSj/wAALCADMAeABAREA/8QAHQABAQEAAgMBAQAAAAAAAAAAAAIBAwQFBwgGCf/EAEMQAAIBAwIDBQUEBQoHAQAAAAABAgMRMQQhBRJBBgcyUWETInGBkQhCobEUFSNSwURic4KDkqKj0dIXGCVGZHSylP/aAAgBAQAAPwD5XAAAWTZZZgAAWUchxtWAORYJfh+Yhtdh5RybctrPmv8AgeR4dRpT4RxSrJXrQVONN3wm3zbddkvqew+B+1q1tVFUXOc62mpq+38jrqKv0u2j2XwXiVWHDaVNUq7p0oKCrziowqSSs+Vpu/8Aoe4O6am4S485ZdXT3+VFI/eSyycGxauejvtgxb7stBJLaPFaT+tOofI1eK/VFN7XdaX0seOeEWndX6/mEY8skPqYAAbsr3JeDUHg4wUZcpO6JeSoYMk+gUrIOWxjd0YAAAAsmyyzAAC4YNJ+8Y8mFrCEvD8xT3uJZRbXvRXm0js0oy5dYk07Ut380e1OBQ1NN8T1F5RlUqU1SSjz+9Gnyu6fVX+p+07PQvqdPppaqGqfNzynGkqSst7cq8rWu8nvbuy2fGb9atF/5Z+0lsyGIZPUH2r9HV1fdTahSnUdLiFCpLki5csbTTbt03yfGuopqlpuRVac1KPPaLu452e2f9UePeEL4t5G812+j8gZ1YQ6mAAMyWBF3RrwcYAALhgSwS8IwpboxqxgAAARUvEyQADU7JmxdshbyMeTC1gx+D5lU3ZbEyyjmi/2kPijs0ISqVNTCMlHmVm5OyW5+6jq+DvWQ0mspVKihvUUai5nNx95ve/RLbyP33dzXjqeIVJ00owjFU4pYS8vyPoXu0S5OL+tSl/8M/Zt32eVkh9SqaOn2hjzdnuKxS3lpKy2/o5H82dL70XDe0oq/wAkRqqPslB72a2TOB9AtsFdHYdCUb1MAAIlk2BrwQAAbHJZMiQXeyJbMAAABssmAAAGxyGYWsGS8PzKh4SXvJHLe1SLWUzyvZ6NOOsqanVRlKhRjzWX3pbuK+qv8jydevoPYRlp6VSOrcn7Sc2rcr8rdWz2d3O5m/NXf1Po/uxba4xZ2tUo9P5jP2k1LK5X553Jjur2X1Njz9FBfFs4+JQdThusjzP3qFRbbfdZ/NChaNm3bpc7mtoyqUYtbb82/XY8bOLi0n5Em4exvT0ZKAAAIlllQwZLJIAARyLBMsmRVykkbY43lgAAAI2WTAAAAtjWYWsIS8PzEMGPKL+8j9NHhUv1fTptuNSS5ptPq97fLZfU8fONOGodKi26UZcqbd211Z7j7mnzU5S89/TJ9Jd2VCrT0/E61SDjSrVafs5PEuWFn9Gfs3g43tdr5oqG5tWPPRqwtfmhJW+KZ/Mma5XONsTtb5nlNXqKL0OlpXn+lR50/d93kveO9835trYseL1ccSXkddF0aU61aFKkuapOSjFXtdvCOOalTqShNNNOzRoQAAIlllQwGkQAarX3NaXQNJG3SRMncw27RawcbywAAAEazAAAavUw1mFrCEvD8xDBjyjs6WKU3VkrxhvbzfQ5K1WVSvPKcdk/gbSk7t+h7u7mVbTv0yfWXZLTPT9m9BCW0pU/aP4ybf8AFHlCHlmK6d11yvM5qb3T6H8za0Pa6uulZN1ZNfVnd7QaajQ4fwOvSUlWrUasqrb2vGvOKt/VSPG1/epN+e51EbBuMlKLakt00RJtvd42RscGgAAh5ZUcEt7mWAAuand7lNKxANW73LMaW5AAAANeEYAAADWYWsIyWPmbHBnVI8xoaVPltUnyq6dr2dzi4iqUatqLlK+7bd+p16bxfLPevcxTdSi6ccytBerbS/ifY1OlGjShTirRhFRS9ErEyW+xDjuEkhU5oU6k6Ueeai3yt25nbbfofzOqTlS1FSqlvzysvW7L4nq/0nScOpqKTo05333vKbl9NzqU5+ODfqjJpO23Q4jjZcMGoAAy+xKVy1giWQnZmAA2OSnhkAqBRjdkQAAADXhGAAAA1mFrCEvCviI4NWzvezKTi/JlLZWOWn435I+iPs6UFqOKaCDV068G16L3v4H1Bwbj+i4zV1FPR+2U6FnL2lNw2ba2890zydiGjDqca11LhnB9dr9TVVLTaahOtWqON+WEYttpdX6H80531Fe0fDnHS41itVirfdJr6aVKjSqylBqrdxUXdq3mRe8SJKzZxFwwTezZa3QAeDMRJTN6MkAAGxyU8MgFpWNMauiWrMwAAAp+EkAAAAFrCEvCzIvY5YUZ1FeEeawdKVJ3qRs+hsFeS9Nzko7tt/E+kPs3V6Ojq1tZXq06cdNpqtSPO0ry5bJK/Xd7I9xdz1Z1dTxSUsulT/8AqR7LeTOhi3PSH2tu1H6l7vKXCKFTl1PGa3spJZ9hD3p/V8kfmz460cWoc72cnkzU2lF+h1KlSU4Rg2uWF7beZkPI2p1ZwFwwS8s29kih1sCZYMjk17bEgAA2OSnhkAqHUoGS8LIAAALSugnvZEAAG3VjACvuj7gh6ux3qFenThypq2epxaiftJ36EJ2T9XYuh949udgNdOho9JpIU1JV/aSlJvwqCj+bkj6T7lU+XWN35pUYu/8AXkezzDMHxN9rHjdXifevX0DnehwzT0tPTisKUl7Sb+N5JfJHqylGL0FZqSTp1I8qvlNWf4nUm00zqzViU7FS3icJccEvLDwim7GRfmUjHvsThhu7MAABsVuU8Mg1K5UVY0yWCAAAAVf3RT8SXqS8sAAA2WTDYvcp4sIqxXxFzcNI5aXVI9vd3cdM+HOo3F6qCcc7xpt3x6uP4H0x3OQ5IVI/+JTdvm/9T2VJW6XIubFX2P55d72vXEO9ntRq2+eP6yqxV/3YS5F+ET8pxemqWvnSg04QtZLpfe3x3OOODirbNHG8Gxe1hZWMIeTb2RjdzDU7BPe7D3ZgAABUOprwyAcgMlggAAAGrDNh4l8TJeJ/EwAAGyyYVBG+dwk7ZNissqKuzL+8c1F+90PbPd7p50+E6jUVItRq8qg31jGL3/vSf0PqDupXJr6sFhaOC+jR7KaI5b7iKasrdT+anad+07WcbnJ35tXqH/mSPDqTnOU5NuT6suMiZq6OJuy3JTVy77GEPLFzAB0AAAAKgJPcxWtuGrFN2MT3dw2miQAAADY5Nn4mSAADXkwuLRsY8zsjk9k0m7qxGFYLD+g+8ctF+8e2+xfEVquBUqMKcoLTNae7d+dqzb9PEfUfdircVr/+rb/Gj2RYxIW/M/mX2oU6XaPjEaiamtVWjJPbf2kjxcdoNmQezKb2OKeCEciwCGtxYywAAAAALj4SZZMRezElcyK8zGgs7mAAAA2OTZ+JkgAAA2OTs0bJNsqpL3Ejrm4SQWTkoK8kkt7ntfsLppaXR6PTyUo1KuoU5Jqz3krbfBH1d3XKM9XxCVnzU6dON2reJt7fRHsIGPDsfA/2mOBLgfe9xpU4ONHXOGup/wBove/xqR6vSvBJDaEZN+K9krhO6JZDVikb1MZEciWTAAAAAC4+EmWTDYlmMxp2JAAABUbWdzYoyefkSAAADYZOVTaWyRjk5XujA8sHPpJwhXpzqX5IyUpW32Tue0tLxWHD6tPWT5LUf2qVSXKpNK6jf1dkfq+y32iNTwGprJx7OQrfpXs7p15Ll5I222ecn6GH2rNRZ+07JwXXbVvdf3Tf+a2r07KR/wD1v/aZP7VWocXy9llf1rtr8j1H30d4z7yNfw/X1uEQ4fqNJSdFyjNy9pFu6Tv5O/1Z66g1/A4nvN2W3kXHAZxyyUgDGvIhu4AAAAALj4SZZMNV+hYsY8EdQAAAalcsmRIAAALjg0ABHLp4c9SEF96Sj9XY/V8ctUhGnfZ8zz62/gcNHg8alGNSVZ3kk8Fz4PBrM6krWSVk35LB42lThPUKhDSV3XlPkUOeN+bFsZN1NKGl1FTT6nS1oV6cuSVOdWKafk/dM4hovZ6OpJ05U50370XZtO9msHhHtFmRXmUtjXg45ZKQAIlkwAAAAAuPhJlkwqLKBMiQAAAbHJZEmYAAAFsVzGrc0yWEFg1HkOCRvq+Z/cV18bnluI1OfUxjH7tNb483/E8tTtGlBe63ZHX1+o1NOMHo4x9qpJq69TyS4p2lU+eOg4NGq3fnWlo8173una9/UjUca7TSnKpX0HB6lSW7qT0VCTb83Jo/O6qtqtRU1EtZKk51+aUvZtW5nnGy36H5z0b3KQ6m3JauasEvxFAiWTAAAaupgALj4SZZMNjksN2IbuYAAADY5Nk7kgAAAAuOyNMuagju8KbVd/u8rb+WPzPI1ZX1lRZV4x/BHlnVt1scLneotzijWvPZpR+G5x1qjs94v44Os5SlBTasr9Dwtd3rzey3eCSU9ygCPvFoESyYAAAAAbfaxgNSubaxjdzAAAADY5EsmAAAGrJriFHfcq+5kXuyepa9Qjv8Kjecn5pR+rOzGpzaxvzqXv8AM87oKVLUa7RUHz2rVIxlZ22crbHsPT93Gj1PvLUzUZQUrO7av0ycWk7uOG6jVVaH6TXg6au3zNp722XQ7v8Awo4c/wCXVfx/1OtxDuv4fp+GajULX1kqVGdRR5drpN2z6HpHitGNDiFWFO6grON3fZpP+J1nglKzZQBC8RVuppMiQAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAACodSrAh5C2XxCyiwdvR1HBwSeHe1jn0zvqIfG55/g9WMOMcNlJpKM4NvyV2zytTtbr1qq703aivp6Epvkpqjfljd8qvbyPPPinFNRwTQ63hvFq9GtKNtTqIpXm/g83dsHjtbx3tNpqPtH2k1843tbkjHz9Dpce4z2go8OnGr2h4jVhXTg6fLFKSa95O3S35n4bjD5tXCX71KH5W/gdIW2u8GJ7mh7sjqartPcyL9Smr4IAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAOSCstyuhEsEFNbEotYNO5QtyOcUvCy9M/2qa3sdqWtdB0qrp8zi+Vq9t0tmeL9r73hsvieY0/aTUUOGfoMaFF0bON23zWvc7Gs7UPV0eSen3bTb5uq+R43iPGKutdNy5oxhBQUb/VnQ1FZ1nTvFLkjy/E4YvJUpJQ5bdbkRyWCWt/Q1Ws7EFPbAS2JAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAANjksGNrqZtcyTuzDU2Wdqjtp7fzfzOTTO0n6Iap/spO+50SoL3keW/RqMoJxgkZLT00vdijx2pp8kJWVmmdZOwbubFWKAJe2CTVuVHBDywAAAAAAAAAAAAAAACo2XUq6M82QasNmALJyHa2VNrfojaDauyqm8Xc4oJc2+xzQUbrdNnajNJW2+olNNHT1LUlJXydBqwjksAEyWxINTsZ6gAAAGq3UwAAAAAAAAAAAAtWsZZeYey26kg2JyU92c8vAvVlUNuYVfA3c6931bHM1hsKc1iUvqHUn+/L6iMm5bts4pZYjksAGSwQAL7WAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAARr8jAajlp7LJySfuxt5F0sM5qMVUrU4SdlKVmzy67LU5e9+vOFxT3Scp3X4FvgOkjNaWXEqDg5JvVRi3BOz2tk2fZfQx/7i0TX9FI8DrtOo137G0oWyjghTajPmXTY4J+IQyyhsB0IbuYAOgAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAANiYAVHDNp5+RzS6fAung7nD0nr9OpJNOaun1Pa8OzfBrb8Pg/7Sf+48RPhehh2iho46WH6LJRbptys3bzvf8AE8xPs9wbln/0yhh/en/uPVHG4xp6lKmlFcuF8To6Z3dS/SLOvUMhllPBMepQ8yJGAAAAAAAAAAH/2Q==
