##Screen, block, crisis of confidence, the situation of civil rescue force

Micro signal

What happened before the Earth was destroyed?

By Zhu Kailin and Zhang Yiyi
Editor | Korean Airlines

Since the city was hastily shut down on Jan. 23, social media platforms have been inundated with requests for masks, protective clothing and goggles. NGOS SPRANG UP, mostly ad hoc, using graphite documents, wechat groups and other collaborative tools to link up supplies and spread information.
Some of these have been successful and have published evidence to prove the delivery of the goods. But as the epidemic spread and the government began its work, civil society organizations soon faced more requests for help, complex compliance requirements, and problems with limited transmission. In such cases, they tend to adopt a strategy of "finding weakness from weakness" , changing their functions either actively or passively.

For example, the founder of the wechat group "Support Wuhan" we interviewed has now turned to promoting the matching of foreign materials and procurement by large companies; "Ncov support" has recruited editors on Weibo to pre-empt the production of more readable information on Popular Science and Epidemic Prevention; The team of "national accommodation guide for Hubei Compatriots" began to collect the places of quarantine published by the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention and the Bureau of Culture and tourism on the 28th.

We try to record the change and development of some CSOS in this process, because CSOS are an important force in society. In many major public events, civil society organizations have played a key role. Over the past few years, however, China's civil society has shrunk, making it difficult to function. Today's spontaneous non-governmental organization on social platforms are more of an emergency response to disaster, but focusing on them helps people understand how effectively a civil society can be organized.

1. Suddenly he said that his friend's mask factory had been requisitioned and the goods could not be delivered. Reports, refunds, everyone's arguing. "

Loufei, a 27-year-old native of Yongjia County, Wenzhou, reported 144 confirmed cases in Wenzhou on Thursday, making it the province with the highest number of confirmed cases outside the province. On the afternoon of New Year's Eve, Lou Fei joined an aid organization sponsored by the Wuhan University Mba Alumni Association as a volunteer, responsible for collecting donor information. She was recruited through Douban, not Wu University herself. In the past five days, Loufei has added 50 or 60 friends, who respond to messages in groups other than sleeping and eating. The only time she went out was when Lou Fei's father asked her to send a box of face masks to a car inspector at the entrance of the village.
"We had a meeting at 12 pm the day before yesterday [26] , and now one is that the roads were closed and there was no way to get them in, and the other is that all aspects of the materials are gradually tilting towards the [ Wuhan ] city. We just discussed and said that we would send them outside Wuhan. Other cities outside of Wuhan, including Huanggang and Jingmen, they are desperately short."
Beginning on the 27th, the NGO's donation goals and working methods have changed. "The transportation in Wuhan will stop for a while. " "We will pull a group directly connected to the demand side of the hospital, in the group there will be the direct docking of the hospital, our donors, the workers of the donation group and the recipient group. " This kind of docking is often done by smaller county-level hospitals or hospitals, try to solve each other's shortages once and for all. "There's a small-town hospital, there's a mental hospital, there's a confirmed patient, their needs are very small, 20 goggles, 21 suits, it's a very small number, but they don't have it, and in this case we try to get it to them first. "

"Now it's not just our organization, there are many, many organizations making donations, so it may take half a day for them to update their information, such as what they say they need in the morning, and then at noon they have it, they don't need it, or they need it again, and it will be updated very quickly. "
"On my side, there were three hospitals [ in demand ] in Huanggang, one in Xiaogan, and now there is a town health centre. "
Supplies are still coming in, and the Health Board decides where to go. For example, on the 27th, the Ministry of Industry and Information Technology dispatched 20,000 pairs of medical goggles and 5,000 medical isolation masks from Qingdao to Wuhan by air at 8 pm. In addition to local hospitals'emergency reserves, most of the supplies came from manufacturers recently requisitioned by the government.
A wechat group called "ride to Wuhan Media Circle" started by veteran media person Zou Ling is now facing what Zou Ling calls "the third stage problem" : A crisis of trust.
On the eve of the Lunar New Year, more than 200 people came into the group overnight. Among the group were doctors from Wuhan Steel General Hospital and Huanggang County Hospital, media personnel, and volunteers in charge of overseas purchases, the supplies included 10,000 sets of gloves donated to the General Hospital of Wisco. In the first stage, they met the needs of some of the goods in short supply in Wuhan. In the second stage, they received some donations and purchased goods, but there were many problems with transportation and passage, Zou said, "The masks purchased overseas do not meet the hospital's requirements; after entering the customs, the materials are requisitioned by the local government and the Red Cross and can not be designated for donation; the decision-making process is slow, the chain to the hospital is long, and hospitals continue to call for assistance. "
"The third stage is when [ civic organisations ] have problems of their own. "
Zou's group of friends participated in a fund-raising in another group. On the 27th, the donor who promised to get 100,000 N95 masks raised 500,000 yuan, but it has not been delivered in two days. "He suddenly said that his friend's mask factory had been commandeered by the government, which triggered a heated argument within the group. There was a lot of fighting over reporting and asking for a refund. "
The factory in Xiamen, which is said to have the capacity to supply 100,000 masks, had been disconnected as of press time.
"Now we're afraid to do one-on-one donations, just B2B docking. Our people find sources overseas, and some of the media know Ali, and have professional buyers follow up, confirm the qualification of the items, and then go through SF's green channel for medical supplies."
Zou Ling felt powerless because she knew there was still a long way to go before the supplies reached the doctors. After seeing the military medical takeover on the 26th, they thought it would be better to disband the group. "But as far as we know, there is still a shortage of hospitals in Huanggang and Xiaogan. I am still very confused about this. I don't know what is the state of a material control in Hubei Province. "
Ms Lou spent an hour on the phone yesterday with members of another volunteer group and found the atmosphere of private donations strange. "everyone wants to help, all eyes are on masks and things like that. But [ the factories that make masks ] have all been requisitioned by the government, and so has Hong Kong. There are too few official customs channels at home or internationally. "
"If it is not a fake, non-compliant small factory on the market, or it is a foreign company that meets the requirements but does not have a certificate at home, then it is a crime to bring it in. I don't think it's illegal to do something out of love? "We are doing this to meet the health care needs that the government is not paying attention to, but why does it look like we are increasingly at odds with the government? "

2. If we wait, we might not be much use. "

On the night of January 29, there were 608 hospital demands on the small program "Hubei Medical Material Demand Information Platform" . Several of the platform's main developers, project manager Taige (not his real name) , said they were urgently working on the latest version. "It's a very time-sensitive platform, and if we're going to drag it out, it's probably not going to be very useful. "
Tiger's development team currently has more than 20 people, most of whom are engaged in the IT industry. On New Year's Eve, she and several volunteers wrote code overnight and went online at 10:36 am on the 25th, divided into two categories: Hospital needs and vehicle resources. Information collected by the team from the announcement, civil help, you can also add manually. Under the hospital information can be a key to dial the contact telephone. Over the past five days, the platform has been updated to version 3.0, with 4.0 coming soon.
The 28th was the only day they didn't do a release iteration. After being reposted on Weibo and reported by the media, "fake goods" began to appear on the list. "Some people posing as doctors stole the goods and then resold them. " In order to raise the censorship threshold, on the evening of the 28th, the platform went offline for rectification. The opening notice of the current version read: "Only accept official certification and release, and accept social supervision. ".
However, according to media reports, the hospital privately issued a request for help, it is difficult for donors to prioritize. "Southern Weekend" as of the 28th morning of the statistics [1] , more than 160 hospitals have publicly sought assistance from the community, including 74 medical organizations from outside Hubei. Some of the announcements were taken down after they were made. "We don't allow announcements, but we welcome private fundraising, " a Beijing hospital official who issued the announcement said in an interview. "The announcement was taken down to prevent panic, " and many hospitals were not desperate for help, it's about being prepared, because fundraising is much more straightforward than hospital procurement.
So far, medical supplies are in a "tight balance, " the party secretary of Wuhan said at a news conference on the evening of the 28th. The so-called "tight balance" means that it is adequate for the time being, but in the long run, more efforts should be made to raise funds.
The platform they developed has a priority for information flow presentation, priority for designated hospitals, and then "hospitals with more patients with fever, " teague said. In addition to the development team, the platform has four wechat groups with hundreds of people behind them, who are responsible for round-the-clock collection of help-seeking information from around the world and verification of doctors'identities by phone and video (such as showing work cards) . Many of the demands released on the platform came from hospitals or health clinics in the surrounding districts and counties. At present, there are almost no official announcements, "There are county-level hospital doctors who come to us and they don't even have someone who can make a poster for Photoshop. "
They also saw fewer requests for help from hospitals in the city of Wuhan starting on the 27th. On the government side, the Red Cross, the Hubei Provincial General Charity Bureau, gives priority to hospitals throughout the heart of Wuhan, "If there is a serious shortage now, it may be around. "
"There are only 10 people in the Wuhan Red Cross Society, and more than 20 people in the Hubei Red Cross Society, " Chen Yun, executive vice president of the Wuhan Red Cross Society, told Caixin, "The statistics bureau has given us 30 people who are responsible for the inventory and registration of materials. Otherwise we wouldn't have been able to do this even if we were 10 people, divided into 10 people. We now have 16 hotlines. "

We interviewed Si Si, a temporary volunteer who started working for the Wuhan Red Cross on New Year's Eve. She said that at present, there are about 100 people in charge of the front-end telephone and material groups working in three shifts, all of whom are connected by landlines, "There's no way to send text messages to their phones, " and it can take longer to get the donor to take notes verbatim when checking product standards with them. "There's really no time to track what a person is donating because there are so many people giving every day. "
: : For a more detailed dictation of the current working methods of the Red Cross, see our other tweet today
The spread of the national epidemic and panic led to a drastic depletion of the already inadequate medical supplies reserves. Under the Ministry of Industry and Information Technology's deployment, a large number of supplies were shipped from all over to Hubei Province. Previously, the Ministry of Civil Affairs stipulated that all donated materials should be handed over to five state-run foundations in Hubei Province, with the exception of targeted donations, which should be uniformly distributed.
As far as we know, many civil society organizations and individuals, concerned about their credibility and efficiency, still try to bypass the ICRC and other institutions and find their own ways to provide assistance. Lou Fei said his aid organization also initially donated to the Red Cross, "later we found that many of them could not be sent directly to doctors for use, and we were in a hurry, so we had to find a way to deliver them one-on-one. " But the lack of transparency made it difficult for the organizations to judge, even if we find supplies, where do we donate them.
"people from Xiangya Hospital in Hunan have come in these two days and they are also short of supplies. Should we stick to Hubei's demand first, or should we give it to those outside the province? We feel we can only give priority to Hubei now. After all, the biggest epidemic is still in Hubei Province,"Zou said, "You don't know if they're in short supply or if they want to stock up, " is one of the problems with the work of civil society organizations, "But we also have a small group to help keep an eye out, but we haven't gone through the procurement process yet. "

3. "I imagined myself as a Hubei tourist stranded in Shaanxi Province. I tried to search the Shuangwei of the relevant tourism bureau in Shaanxi Province. I couldn't find any information about accommodation. "
On January 26th the suggestion that five million migrants had left Wuhan caused panic and subsequent discrimination. "Hubei residents who are temporarily unable to return to their provinces and have nowhere to go around the country, please look for Wuhan University Alumni Company Dongcheng International Group Hotel to accept Hubei Guests, " the message was retweeted on social media that night
More Hubei residents said on social media that they could not return home and could not find accommodation. This is the background of the city, isolation around the process is not perfect, the lack of public knowledge of epidemic prevention and other results.

On the morning of the 27th, Zou Yanran, Cui Qiwen and some friends decided to open a graphite document [3] to collect information about hotels willing to provide accommodation on the Internet, this work soon became confirmation of quarantined settlements with Centers for Disease Control and Prevention, tourist boards and even police stations across the country.

Here's a recap of how an NGO finds a need, organizes, encounters a problem, and reorganizes its work:
I've been getting a lot of messages since yesterday morning, and I didn't pay much attention at first, but as the number of requests for help from people who were sleeping out increased, I started to feel like we could help with this. There are now 39 people in the group.

It started by collecting information from wechat and Weibo, asking for help and posting about local accommodation, whether official or not. This morning (28th) we had a meeting and decided that we would do two lines of work next. One was to volunteer to verify the above information, and the other was late last night when we started to see information about government resettlement sites, contact the Centers for Disease Control and the Cultural Tourism Bureau to confirm the local placement information.
There are other groups that do the same thing on their own, and we get in touch with each other, and we put their information in a file and check it out, because their distribution channels are different.
We now have two separate documents, official information, and comparison of Civilian Hotel Information, yesterday was mixed up. At present, the number of private hotels, but not so stable. Some of them we checked out, and when the passengers actually went, they didn't take them.
When I searched for information on my end, the main difficulty was that it was very difficult to get information about a particular region. My approach is to imagine myself, as if I were a tourist from Hubei Province, and I was stranded in Shaanxi Province, and I first searched the Shuangwei information of the Shaanxi Provincial Government's cultural and tourism bureau, and I found none.
Our first batch of verification also found that Yunnan 27 directly sent a letter, but many hotels did not receive the notice, said the other side did not understand, still waiting for the notice.
On the phone to the Liuzhou, Florida, it was soon chosen as an official location for the hotel, Florida -- I called her at 1:00, she said she wasn't sure, let me call her at 5:00. And then at 7:00, when I didn't call back, she called me.
Officially released information, we as ordinary people to call, in fact, access to information is not much. Many of the so-called official information is someone on the Internet took an official letter, which mentioned the names of certain hotels, we go to search.
If you call the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention First, the feedback from different regions will be different, some you have to call 12320, but if you call, he will ask you to make another call; the other is the part of the government and private hotels, many officials have designated spots, but some don't. When we are making information, we should consider whether we want to make public the information we receive privately.
Now, some provinces and cities have sent screenshots of their letters one after another. Last night, we thought that there would be a lot of related arrangements today. That's why we will shift the focus of our work this morning to sorting out the official relocation sites. However, we have now carried out the work for three hours, it's GonNa be a little hard to put together. We're not really sure which one is going to work.
The process is very simple, first call the provincial, city-level travel bureau, CDC, if there is a letter in the name of the hotel, directly to the hotel. And some of them are unreachable.
Last night I saw the Wuhan Municipal Bureau of Culture and tourism issued a "collection of Wuhan people living around" , with our list quite like, may also be integrated from the Internet, and then sent out. At present, we are facing great difficulties in the dissemination of information. We originally had a train of thought, that is, whether we could get a batch of information from the authorities. For example, if a province or a city has a list, we would sort it out by ourselves, but we don't.
There is also a situation, the government appointed (hotel) , but they are too busy there, to receive too many people, let the other side directly to find them. The more enthusiastic regions are Zhanjiang and Yunnan, for example. They also called Nanjing, they called the CDC, and they said that they had been informed internally that they were going to do a relocation site, but that it would take coordination between all parties, and that they would have to find out the information and number of Hubei tourists in Nanjing before they could publish it, so no deal's been made yet.
So on the placement of isolation process, it seems more complex, can not be a general. What is clear is that Yunnan Province, they have an APP, some places to find the center for Infectious Disease Prevention and control; Guangzhou, Yuexiu District, to register the name first, they will contact the arrangement; and another is to find the police station, or the Public Security Bureau, or the Neighborhood Committee. There are still people out there who are asking for help, and they don't know what to do.
There are a lot of non-governmental is according to the normal charge, or have received the government notice, according to cost price to receive tourists. Free is less, if it is free, more has been close contact with the observation point or fixed-point isolation. There's some misinformation, including in Zhanjiang, which says it's free, but they charge you for it. Some are government-issued and regulated. Many cities are different departments in charge, may want to check first, and then further query the allocation of accommodation.
Now the big priority, we talked about is two groups of people, on the one hand to improve yesterday's accommodation information, on the other hand, someone is responsible for collecting contact information of the CDC, through the CDC to find placement. The two things are running parallel.
We've come up with ways for people to gather information on twitter and send it to them point-to-point. We also add links to other support team documentation in the process. The aspect that media spreads, had a small partner contacted triplet, new weekly. We also posted a few big V's on Weibo, such As@qiu Chen, hoping that more people would see them.

I'm still concerned about not being able to get this information out to the people who need it. I just checked my messages and found that there are more people signing up to volunteer and provide accommodation than there are people coming to us (17) for help.

* By 2400 hours on January 29, Wenzhou had reported a total of 172 confirmed cases of COVID-19 pneumonia, the highest number of confirmed cases in the country after Wuhan, Huanggang, Xiaogan and Jingmen. The following voluntary organizations collected information related to the epidemic in Wenzhou, the content of the continuous updates.

Wenzhou high temperature youth community "helping Wenzhou Project" : https://shimo.im/docs/qvwgkxvh3d3rjpwp/read  

"New Pneumonia * Ryan & Environs, Information Sharing Platform" : https://shimo.im/docs/vxhjhwhxcpgwy6cx/  

By Zhu Kailin and Zhang Yiyi

Editor | Korean Airlines

Since the city was hastily shut down on Jan. 23, social media platforms have been inundated with requests for masks, protective clothing and goggles. NGOS SPRANG UP, mostly ad hoc, using graphite documents, wechat groups and other collaborative tools to link up supplies and spread information.

Some of these have been successful and have published evidence to prove the delivery of the goods. But as the epidemic spread and the government began its work, civil society organizations soon faced more requests for help, complex compliance requirements, and problems with limited transmission. In such cases, they tend to adopt a strategy of "finding weakness from weakness" , changing their functions either actively or passively.

For example, the founder of the wechat group "Support Wuhan" we interviewed has now turned to promoting the matching of foreign materials and procurement by large companies; "Ncov support" has recruited editors on Weibo to pre-empt the production of more readable information on Popular Science and Epidemic Prevention; The team of "national accommodation guide for Hubei Compatriots" began to collect the places of quarantine published by the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention and the Bureau of Culture and tourism on the 28th.

We try to record the change and development of some CSOS in this process, because CSOS are an important force in society. In many major public events, civil society organizations have played a key role. Over the past few years, however, China's civil society has shrunk, making it difficult to function. Today's spontaneous non-governmental organization on social platforms are more of an emergency response to disaster, but focusing on them helps people understand how effectively a civil society can be organized.

1. Suddenly he said that his friend's mask factory had been requisitioned and the goods could not be delivered. Reports, refunds, everyone's arguing. "

Loufei, a 27-year-old native of Yongjia County, Wenzhou, reported 144 confirmed cases in Wenzhou on Thursday, making it the province with the highest number of confirmed cases outside the province. On the afternoon of New Year's Eve, Lou Fei joined an aid organization sponsored by the Wuhan University Mba Alumni Association as a volunteer, responsible for collecting donor information. She was recruited through Douban, not Wu University herself. In the past five days, Loufei has added 50 or 60 friends, who respond to messages in groups other than sleeping and eating. The only time she went out was when Lou Fei's father asked her to send a box of face masks to a car inspector at the entrance of the village.

"We had a meeting at 12 pm the day before yesterday [26] , and now one is that the roads were closed and there was no way to get them in, and the other is that all aspects of the materials are gradually tilting towards the [ Wuhan ] city. We just discussed and said that we would send them outside Wuhan. Other cities outside of Wuhan, including Huanggang and Jingmen, they are desperately short."

Beginning on the 27th, the NGO's donation goals and working methods have changed. "The transportation in Wuhan will stop for a while. " "We will pull a group directly connected to the demand side of the hospital, in the group there will be the direct docking of the hospital, our donors, the workers of the donation group and the recipient group. " This kind of docking is often done by smaller county-level hospitals or hospitals, try to solve each other's shortages once and for all. "There's a small-town hospital, there's a mental hospital, there's a confirmed patient, their needs are very small, 20 goggles, 21 suits, it's a very small number, but they don't have it, and in this case we try to get it to them first. "

"Now it's not just our organization, there are many, many organizations making donations, so it may take half a day for them to update their information, such as what they say they need in the morning, and then at noon they have it, they don't need it, or they need it again, and it will be updated very quickly. "

"On my side, there were three hospitals [ in demand ] in Huanggang, one in Xiaogan, and now there is a town health centre. "

Supplies are still coming in, and the Health Board decides where to go. For example, on the 27th, the Ministry of Industry and Information Technology dispatched 20,000 pairs of medical goggles and 5,000 medical isolation masks from Qingdao to Wuhan by air at 8 pm. In addition to local hospitals'emergency reserves, most of the supplies came from manufacturers recently requisitioned by the government.

A wechat group called "ride to Wuhan Media Circle" started by veteran media person Zou Ling is now facing what Zou Ling calls "the third stage problem" : A crisis of trust.

On the eve of the Lunar New Year, more than 200 people came into the group overnight. Among the group were doctors from Wuhan Steel General Hospital and Huanggang County Hospital, media personnel, and volunteers in charge of overseas purchases, the supplies included 10,000 sets of gloves donated to the General Hospital of Wisco. In the first stage, they met the needs of some of the goods in short supply in Wuhan. In the second stage, they received some donations and purchased goods, but there were many problems with transportation and passage, Zou said, "The masks purchased overseas do not meet the hospital's requirements; after entering the customs, the materials are requisitioned by the local government and the Red Cross and can not be designated for donation; the decision-making process is slow, the chain to the hospital is long, and hospitals continue to call for assistance. "

"The third stage is when [ civic organisations ] have problems of their own. "

Zou's group of friends participated in a fund-raising in another group. On the 27th, the donor who promised to get 100,000 N95 masks raised 500,000 yuan, but it has not been delivered in two days. "He suddenly said that his friend's mask factory had been commandeered by the government, which triggered a heated argument within the group. There was a lot of fighting over reporting and asking for a refund. "

The factory in Xiamen, which is said to have the capacity to supply 100,000 masks, had been disconnected as of press time.

"Now we're afraid to do one-on-one donations, just B2B docking. Our people find sources overseas, and some of the media know Ali, and have professional buyers follow up, confirm the qualification of the items, and then go through SF's green channel for medical supplies."

Zou Ling felt powerless because she knew there was still a long way to go before the supplies reached the doctors. After seeing the military medical takeover on the 26th, they thought it would be better to disband the group. "But as far as we know, there is still a shortage of hospitals in Huanggang and Xiaogan. I am still very confused about this. I don't know what is the state of a material control in Hubei Province. "

Ms Lou spent an hour on the phone yesterday with members of another volunteer group and found the atmosphere of private donations strange. "everyone wants to help, all eyes are on masks and things like that. But [ the factories that make masks ] have all been requisitioned by the government, and so has Hong Kong. There are too few official customs channels at home or internationally. "

"If it is not a fake, non-compliant small factory on the market, or it is a foreign company that meets the requirements but does not have a certificate at home, then it is a crime to bring it in. I don't think it's illegal to do something out of love? "We are doing this to meet the health care needs that the government is not paying attention to, but why does it look like we are increasingly at odds with the government? "

2. If we wait, we might not be much use. "

On the night of January 29, there were 608 hospital demands on the small program "Hubei Medical Material Demand Information Platform" . Several of the platform's main developers, project manager Taige (not his real name) , said they were urgently working on the latest version. "It's a very time-sensitive platform, and if we're going to drag it out, it's probably not going to be very useful. "

Tiger's development team currently has more than 20 people, most of whom are engaged in the IT industry. On New Year's Eve, she and several volunteers wrote code overnight and went online at 10:36 am on the 25th, divided into two categories: Hospital needs and vehicle resources. Information collected by the team from the announcement, civil help, you can also add manually. Under the hospital information can be a key to dial the contact telephone. Over the past five days, the platform has been updated to version 3.0, with 4.0 coming soon.

The 28th was the only day they didn't do a release iteration. After being reposted on Weibo and reported by the media, "fake goods" began to appear on the list. "Some people posing as doctors stole the goods and then resold them. " In order to raise the censorship threshold, on the evening of the 28th, the platform went offline for rectification. The opening notice of the current version read: "Only accept official certification and release, and accept social supervision. ".

However, according to media reports, the hospital privately issued a request for help, it is difficult for donors to prioritize. "Southern Weekend" as of the 28th morning of the statistics [1] , more than 160 hospitals have publicly sought assistance from the community, including 74 medical organizations from outside Hubei. Some of the announcements were taken down after they were made. "We don't allow announcements, but we welcome private fundraising, " a Beijing hospital official who issued the announcement said in an interview. "The announcement was taken down to prevent panic, " and many hospitals were not desperate for help, it's about being prepared, because fundraising is much more straightforward than hospital procurement.

So far, medical supplies are in a "tight balance, " the party secretary of Wuhan said at a news conference on the evening of the 28th. The so-called "tight balance" means that it is adequate for the time being, but in the long run, more efforts should be made to raise funds.

The platform they developed has a priority for information flow presentation, priority for designated hospitals, and then "hospitals with more patients with fever, " teague said. In addition to the development team, the platform has four wechat groups with hundreds of people behind them, who are responsible for round-the-clock collection of help-seeking information from around the world and verification of doctors'identities by phone and video (such as showing work cards) . Many of the demands released on the platform came from hospitals or health clinics in the surrounding districts and counties. At present, there are almost no official announcements, "There are county-level hospital doctors who come to us and they don't even have someone who can make a poster for Photoshop. "

They also saw fewer requests for help from hospitals in the city of Wuhan starting on the 27th. On the government side, the Red Cross, the Hubei Provincial General Charity Bureau, gives priority to hospitals throughout the heart of Wuhan, "If there is a serious shortage now, it may be around. "

"There are only 10 people in the Wuhan Red Cross Society, and more than 20 people in the Hubei Red Cross Society, " Chen Yun, executive vice president of the Wuhan Red Cross Society, told Caixin, "The statistics bureau has given us 30 people who are responsible for the inventory and registration of materials. Otherwise we wouldn't have been able to do this even if we were 10 people, divided into 10 people. We now have 16 hotlines. "

We interviewed Si Si, a temporary volunteer who started working for the Wuhan Red Cross on New Year's Eve. She said that at present, there are about 100 people in charge of the front-end telephone and material groups working in three shifts, all of whom are connected by landlines, "There's no way to send text messages to their phones, " and it can take longer to get the donor to take notes verbatim when checking product standards with them. "There's really no time to track what a person is donating because there are so many people giving every day. "

: : For a more detailed dictation of the current working methods of the Red Cross, see our other tweet today

The spread of the national epidemic and panic led to a drastic depletion of the already inadequate medical supplies reserves. Under the Ministry of Industry and Information Technology's deployment, a large number of supplies were shipped from all over to Hubei Province. Previously, the Ministry of Civil Affairs stipulated that all donated materials should be handed over to five state-run foundations in Hubei Province, with the exception of targeted donations, which should be uniformly distributed.

As far as we know, many civil society organizations and individuals, concerned about their credibility and efficiency, still try to bypass the ICRC and other institutions and find their own ways to provide assistance. Lou Fei said his aid organization also initially donated to the Red Cross, "later we found that many of them could not be sent directly to doctors for use, and we were in a hurry, so we had to find a way to deliver them one-on-one. " But the lack of transparency made it difficult for the organizations to judge, even if we find supplies, where do we donate them.

"people from Xiangya Hospital in Hunan have come in these two days and they are also short of supplies. Should we stick to Hubei's demand first, or should we give it to those outside the province? We feel we can only give priority to Hubei now. After all, the biggest epidemic is still in Hubei Province,"Zou said, "You don't know if they're in short supply or if they want to stock up, " is one of the problems with the work of civil society organizations, "But we also have a small group to help keep an eye out, but we haven't gone through the procurement process yet. "

3. "I imagined myself as a Hubei tourist stranded in Shaanxi Province. I tried to search the Shuangwei of the relevant tourism bureau in Shaanxi Province. I couldn't find any information about accommodation. "

On January 26th the suggestion that five million migrants had left Wuhan caused panic and subsequent discrimination. "Hubei residents who are temporarily unable to return to their provinces and have nowhere to go around the country, please look for Wuhan University Alumni Company Dongcheng International Group Hotel to accept Hubei Guests, " the message was retweeted on social media that night

More Hubei residents said on social media that they could not return home and could not find accommodation. This is the background of the city, isolation around the process is not perfect, the lack of public knowledge of epidemic prevention and other results.

On the morning of the 27th, Zou Yanran, Cui Qiwen and some friends decided to open a graphite document [3] to collect information about hotels willing to provide accommodation on the Internet, this work soon became confirmation of quarantined settlements with Centers for Disease Control and Prevention, tourist boards and even police stations across the country.

Here's a recap of how an NGO finds a need, organizes, encounters a problem, and reorganizes its work:

I've been getting a lot of messages since yesterday morning, and I didn't pay much attention at first, but as the number of requests for help from people who were sleeping out increased, I started to feel like we could help with this. There are now 39 people in the group.

It started by collecting information from wechat and Weibo, asking for help and posting about local accommodation, whether official or not. This morning (28th) we had a meeting and decided that we would do two lines of work next. One was to volunteer to verify the above information, and the other was late last night when we started to see information about government resettlement sites, contact the Centers for Disease Control and the Cultural Tourism Bureau to confirm the local placement information.

There are other groups that do the same thing on their own, and we get in touch with each other, and we put their information in a file and check it out, because their distribution channels are different.

We now have two separate documents, official information, and comparison of Civilian Hotel Information, yesterday was mixed up. At present, the number of private hotels, but not so stable. Some of them we checked out, and when the passengers actually went, they didn't take them.

When I searched for information on my end, the main difficulty was that it was very difficult to get information about a particular region. My approach is to imagine myself, as if I were a tourist from Hubei Province, and I was stranded in Shaanxi Province, and I first searched the Shuangwei information of the Shaanxi Provincial Government's cultural and tourism bureau, and I found none.

Our first batch of verification also found that Yunnan 27 directly sent a letter, but many hotels did not receive the notice, said the other side did not understand, still waiting for the notice.

On the phone to the Liuzhou, Florida, it was soon chosen as an official location for the hotel, Florida -- I called her at 1:00, she said she wasn't sure, let me call her at 5:00. And then at 7:00, when I didn't call back, she called me.

Officially released information, we as ordinary people to call, in fact, access to information is not much. Many of the so-called official information is someone on the Internet took an official letter, which mentioned the names of certain hotels, we go to search.

If you call the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention First, the feedback from different regions will be different, some you have to call 12320, but if you call, he will ask you to make another call; the other is the part of the government and private hotels, many officials have designated spots, but some don't. When we are making information, we should consider whether we want to make public the information we receive privately.

Now, some provinces and cities have sent screenshots of their letters one after another. Last night, we thought that there would be a lot of related arrangements today. That's why we will shift the focus of our work this morning to sorting out the official relocation sites. However, we have now carried out the work for three hours, it's GonNa be a little hard to put together. We're not really sure which one is going to work.

The process is very simple, first call the provincial, city-level travel bureau, CDC, if there is a letter in the name of the hotel, directly to the hotel. And some of them are unreachable.

Last night I saw the Wuhan Municipal Bureau of Culture and tourism issued a "collection of Wuhan people living around" , with our list quite like, may also be integrated from the Internet, and then sent out. At present, we are facing great difficulties in the dissemination of information. We originally had a train of thought, that is, whether we could get a batch of information from the authorities. For example, if a province or a city has a list, we would sort it out by ourselves, but we don't.

There is also a situation, the government appointed (hotel) , but they are too busy there, to receive too many people, let the other side directly to find them. The more enthusiastic regions are Zhanjiang and Yunnan, for example. They also called Nanjing, they called the CDC, and they said that they had been informed internally that they were going to do a relocation site, but that it would take coordination between all parties, and that they would have to find out the information and number of Hubei tourists in Nanjing before they could publish it, so no deal's been made yet.

So on the placement of isolation process, it seems more complex, can not be a general. What is clear is that Yunnan Province, they have an APP, some places to find the center for Infectious Disease Prevention and control; Guangzhou, Yuexiu District, to register the name first, they will contact the arrangement; and another is to find the police station, or the Public Security Bureau, or the Neighborhood Committee. There are still people out there who are asking for help, and they don't know what to do.

There are a lot of non-governmental is according to the normal charge, or have received the government notice, according to cost price to receive tourists. Free is less, if it is free, more has been close contact with the observation point or fixed-point isolation. There's some misinformation, including in Zhanjiang, which says it's free, but they charge you for it. Some are government-issued and regulated. Many cities are different departments in charge, may want to check first, and then further query the allocation of accommodation.

Now the big priority, we talked about is two groups of people, on the one hand to improve yesterday's accommodation information, on the other hand, someone is responsible for collecting contact information of the CDC, through the CDC to find placement. The two things are running parallel.

We've come up with ways for people to gather information on twitter and send it to them point-to-point. We also add links to other support team documentation in the process. The aspect that media spreads, had a small partner contacted triplet, new weekly. We also posted a few big V's on Weibo, such As@qiu Chen, hoping that more people would see them.

I'm still concerned about not being able to get this information out to the people who need it. I just checked my messages and found that there are more people signing up to volunteer and provide accommodation than there are people coming to us (17) for help.

* By 2400 hours on January 29, Wenzhou had reported a total of 172 confirmed cases of COVID-19 pneumonia, the highest number of confirmed cases in the country after Wuhan, Huanggang, Xiaogan and Jingmen. The following voluntary organizations collected information related to the epidemic in Wenzhou, the content of the continuous updates.

* "Helping Wenzhou Project" by the Wenzhou High Temperature Youth Community: https://shimo.im/docs/qvwgkxvh3d3rjpwp/read  

Wenzhou high temperature youth community "helping Wenzhou Project" : https://shimo.im/docs/qvwgkxvh3d3rjpwp/read  

* "New Pneumonia: Ryan and the neighborhood, Information Sharing Platform" : https://shimo.im/docs/vxhjhwhxcpgwy6cx/  

"New Pneumonia * Ryan & Environs, Information Sharing Platform" : https://shimo.im/docs/vxhjhwhxcpgwy6cx/  

Related:

[1] Wu Zhou Dynasty reports: More than 160 hospitals are asking for help? http://www.infzm.com/wap//content/175410
[2] CAIXIN Media reports: Wuhan Red Cross responds to http://china.caixin.com/2020-01-29/101509351.html  
[3] National CDC hotline + Accommodation Guide, edited by BottleDream volunteer https://shimo.im/docs/qqrwdykdtywkyrxg/read  

Related:

[1] Wu Zhou Dynasty reports: More than 160 hospitals are asking for help? http://www.infzm.com/wap//content/175410

[2] CAIXIN Media reports: Wuhan Red Cross responds to http://china.caixin.com/2020-01-29/101509351.html  

[3] National CDC hotline + Accommodation Guide, edited by BottleDream volunteer https://shimo.im/docs/qqrwdykdtywkyrxg/read  

A study by Louis Kim of the University of Washington and his team quantified the number of infections by 33.5% when media coverage increased tenfold. In the face of the epidemic, citizens in addition to cooperate and moved, but also to understand what? We are a small group of journalists (formerly) working on a story on an ad hoc basis, trying to provide some fresh perspective on the COVID-19 epidemic at the moment

Go to "discover"-"take a look" browse "friends watching"

Sent

####Send it to take a look

Sending

Leave a message

A scan of wechat
Pay attention to the account


-------------
title: Screen, block, crisis of confidence, the situation of civil rescue force
source: suo-you-de-yu
authors: _
editors: _
proofreader: _
photographer: _
translator: _
via: https://github.com/2019ncovmemory/nCovMemory
link: https://mp.weixin.qq.com/s/xGo_DzVA7b7dnEiDGhTYgg
archive: http://archive.is/BM6ZS
snapshot: https://github.com/2019ncovmemory/nCovMemory/blob/master/archive/jpg/458.jpg
lead: What happens to people who want to help?
cover: data:image/jpeg;base64,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
