##Seven people from Hubei Province: My "wandering" Spring Festival

Micro-signal, Rancaijing

A feature presentation, a daily in depth report, redefines the innovation economy.

"oral account of the war epidemic" is a special column launched by COVID-19 during the outbreak of pneumonia to record the observations and feelings of those who experienced the epidemic. This article is the 3rd, look at the first 2 please Click"rural so prevent pneumonia","I fight pneumonia in Wuhan".

Author | Su Qi, Jin Fan, Meng Yanna

Tang Yahua, Kong Mingming, Wei Jia

Editor | Wei Jia

More than 5 million people are leaving Wuhan, Mayor Zhou Xianwang said at a news conference on the evening of Jan. 26. Behind this number are the stories of ordinary people, who have experienced different experiences during the Spring Festival, especially those from Hubei Province.

Some of these people are out visiting relatives, some are traveling abroad, some are simply working in the field. They did not expect the outbreak to be so severe before the city was shut down, and the government did not announce a "human-to-human transmission" .

It wasn't a big deal before we left, and then the sky fell overnight. They are forced to stay away, separated from their families and unable to return to their homes. If there are empty nesters and children in the house, we can only worry about them. Not only that, they have experienced all kinds of discrimination, indifference, nowhere to go and language violence.

Some people have not returned to Hubei for three months, the security officer is not allowed to "42" the beginning of the identity card passengers boarding, some people bring Hubei Boyfriend home, at home self-isolation, but also have to endure the neighbors of alienation and ridicule; Some people go abroad before the closure of the city, non-stop flights to Wuhan canceled home can not go home, 14 days in isolation in the field to "prove their innocence, " but no agency can show them proof.

The outbreak was not the fault of a single city dweller. This time, ran CAIJING interviewed a number of Hubei residents who were homeless during the Spring Festival and listened to their stories.

"If you have an identity card from Hubei, will you carry the virus? " "Now it seems that people are quarantining Wuhan people instead of patients. " They want to be treated normally.

I came to Beijing to visit my family. I almost slept on the street

He's in quarantine at the hotel

Bai Yun, 27, from Jingzhou, Hubei

On January 22, my aunt and I came to Beijing from Jingzhou, Hubei Province to visit our family. At that time, Professor Zhong Nanshan had already announced the human to human transmission of the disease, we also considered whether to cancel the trip, but thought of cousin in Beijing alone in the New Year, it is a bit bleak, we have prepared protection, wearing a face mask and holding an alcohol pad, she prepared to leave for Beijing.

At the airport in Wuhan, we received infrared temperature scanning, arrived in Beijing Capital International Airport, there are anti-epidemic center to check body temperature one by one, no problem.

On the morning of January 23, we got the news that the city of Wuhan was closed and the epidemic had escalated. My sister-in-law and I, as requested, had a self-imposed house quarantine at my cousin's house.

As the situation became more and more serious, almost all the land, sea and air routes in Hubei were suspended. Our original plan was to fly home on the fourth day of the Lunar New Year, and the flights were canceled directly.

We can only come with this mentality at home, every morning and evening to take body temperature, to ensure their safety, not to infect the people around.

However, my aunt and I have been living in my cousin's rented house is not a problem, her roommate will soon come back to work, certainly do not want us to live here, so I started looking for a hotel.

From here on, the cold heart began to feel like a person from Hubei. I answered three words: No! The hotel, owned by Wuhan University, an alumni company, has been accepting Hubei residents from Jan. 27 to Feb. 5, according to a report posted online. We called the mayor's hotline 12345, customer service suggested to find a police station, the police station suggested to find a rescue station, the rescue station said it was not willing to receive..

All this capital, and we can't find a place to live? Aunt because of the fire on the mouth ulcers, we dare not go out, in the Internet to buy a little fire to reduce the heat medicine. It was not easy to bring elders to the capital, must go to Tian 'anmen to see, and now even the park downstairs has not seen. This had happened to her the first time she had been away, and she had been up one morning with two sleepless nights of worry, dreaming that she was walking home.

At noon on January 28, the police in Haidian District arranged for us to stay at a hotel, which was supposed to be exclusively for Han Chinese, free of charge. Just when the police brought us to check in, there was a middle-aged woman at the door asked us to leave Wuhan on the 22nd, whether we heard about to close the city so escaped, very stab heart.

We're not allowed to leave our rooms. We're quarantined for 14 days. The staff would leave the meal on the bench at the door, knock on the door, and we would bring it in.

My father is at home now, my mother is in Wuhan, a family of three separate places. Fortunately, all is well with my family, they were very worried about me and aunt, that has found a hotel to stay, just relieved.

This Spring Festival, to Beijing only 6 days, but it seems to have been a long time. We want to go home, hopefully the epidemic will get better, the roads will be open, and we can go back to our families.

Wuhan epidemic is not our fault, my own is a foreign trade clothing business, several countries have heard about the outbreak of customers have sent email and wechat greetings, in contrast to our own people in the network to carry out verbal attacks. Language is a knife, I can not listen to the language on the Internet, but these two days encounter a variety of cold rejection and doubt is very cold.

I don't think we're quarantining the patient

But to isolate the people of Wuhan

Wu Xian, 28, Wuhan, Hubei

We have been working in Beijing, December 31 in the wechat group to see the news related to the epidemic, thought rumors, or as originally planned January 18 to fly back to Wuhan for the New Year, stay for three days, 20 evening departure to Phuket to play. We were careful to wear masks at the airport and throughout the flight. I was particularly impressed by the fact that I thought there would be checks at both airports, but none of the staff wore masks or took temperature measurements.

Originally planned to return to Wuhan on the 25th. Results on the 23rd when playing on the island received Wuhan "closed city" News. Then we received the news that the flight had been cancelled. People abroad did not know what was going on in Wuhan. They contacted their relatives and friends at home. They suggested that we stay a few more days until we were "unsealed, " but our hearts were with our parents and children at home, i thought I had to go back.

We began to contact China Southern customer service by phone and on the Internet. Because of an unexpected incident, too many people rushed to cause the airline's network system to crash, so we had to keep making customer service calls and communicating back and forth for nearly two days, in addition to the fact that some hotels in Guangzhou have refused to let Wuhan residents stay there, friends who have already flown back to Guangzhou said, we think we will have to go back to Beijing. At that time, China Southern Airlines had a connecting flight to Beijing on the Internet, but China Southern Airlines could only change its flights to non-stop flights to Beijing, but China Southern Airlines refused on the grounds that it did not have a non-stop flight to Beijing, and finally only agreed to change our flights to Guangzhou or Shenzhen.

Their calls were really hard to get through, and occasionally they meant asking our superiors to call us back, so it cost one hundred international roaming charges, and finally we had to compromise and fly back to Guangzhou first.

We arrived in Guangzhou on the 26th. On the way to Guangzhou, a friend in the same situation suggested taking a high-speed train to a city near Wuhan and asking the conductor to let us off as we passed the Wuhan Station. We did not dare to take the risk. The high-speed train would not stop at that time, drag us to another city, same dilemma. So we immediately set the second day of the high-priced flight back to Beijing, Beijing home key because in Wuhan home, we are on the Internet under the SF single, ready to land after first looking for a hotel to stay the next day keys sent.

When we arrived at the Beijing Hotel and started checking in, the front desk didn't wear masks. After seeing our ID card, they said, "ask the manager. " When they came out, they wore masks. Fortunately, they received US and took our temperature in coordination, asked the situation said that will help us report to the local police station, and then settled in.

We keep an eye on the situation at SF express and find that the order is abnormal, the reason is that only medical supplies are sent. We call the station, the courier said, can send, but do not pick up. I asked the elderly in my family to send the keys to the station. SF Express still does not accept them, as they are not medical supplies. However, SF express's official website clearly states that it is possible to send civilian supplies of less than three kilograms, later, I called the customer service phone to complain that I could only get the old man to send the keys wrapped in a mask as medical supplies. The next day, around 11:00, when we saw that the keys were not yet ready to be renewed, the hotel suddenly informed us that it was closing the shop, all the people can not stay, we immediately on the flying pig to book another hotel nearby, the other side did not even pick up the single, give us a refund refused to stay.

There was really no place to go, so we called the police. After asking a series of information from the police station, we let ourselves contact the community, and the community let us contact the Neighborhood Committee. We simultaneously also asked the lock-picking Company registered at the police station to inquire about the price, as a result, the usual starting price of 200 yuan has been raised to 1000 yuan. Later, the neighborhood committee of our place of residence said to ask the district leader for help. After two or three hours of waiting without reply, we called again and finally said that we had talked to the hotel to let us stay another night, if we could not send the key the next day can help us contact the master of the lock.

The next day check Shunfeng logistics no information, can only contact the neighborhood committee to help open the lock. They told us over and over that we shouldn't have any contact with them, that we should wait downstairs, that we should go up when they had unlocked the lock. Next, we stood in the elevator waiting with our suitcases. The cleaning lady wore a mask and sprayed disinfectant all around us. She asked us where we came from. People who got off the elevator saw US walking around with suitcases and masks on.

All the way to give me the feeling, now everyone seems not to isolate the sick, but to isolate the Wuhan people. I have seen too many examples of this in the "Hubei people abroad" micro group. One Inner Mongolian, because he uses a Wuhan mobile phone number, was not allowed to book a hotel on the platform. Another mother took her child to Shandong, because when they got on the plane, they spoke a Wuhan dialect, and the people traveling with them did not want to be on the same plane, so they had no choice but to change their tickets.

I saw some content on Weibo in the past two days, I couldn't bear to see it at all. Are we Wuhan people just rats crossing the street? This epidemic took place in Wuhan, the victims are first of all Wuhan citizens, we are quite aggrieved, but what can be done. Like me in the field there is a good place to stay, those who only a home in Wuhan can not go back to only stay.

My husband and I had a special Spring Festival this week. Now we have just entered our home in Beijing. At present, we are under self-isolation. Our home has been sanitized and disinfected. We have not left the house. We have delivered some grain and vegetables, report the physical condition to the neighborhood committee every day. Now there is only one idea, such as the situation in Wuhan some epidemic, to be able to go back to Wuhan to see the elderly relatives, and then the children back to Beijing, everything back to normal, Guotai Minan!

Take Hubei Boyfriend home to Guangxi

Being interrogated by the village every day

An An, 27, from Guangxi (boyfriend from Xiangyang, Hubei)

My boyfriend works in Wuhan. He's from Xiangyang. Spring Festival, we agreed together, from Wuhan back to my home in Guangxi.

When I arrived in Wuhan Railway Station in the early hours of January 22, the day before the siege, I had no sense of the severity of the siege. Most people wear masks, but the elderly wear less. A little after 3:00 in the morning, we took a cab to Wuchang Station to change. On the bus, the taxi driver said he felt scared, but the money was still to be made, so he had to take his mask seriously.

Back in the village, the neighbors watched us in horror, swimming at great distances, and for the first time in my life I felt alone. If we had known it was so serious, we wouldn't have gone back to our hometown. Now we feel it's good to stay in Wuhan.

No one in the village checked in, and at first people called me every day to ask about my parents and us. Twenty years ago, there was no outbreak, no quarantine at home, just neighbors who stopped talking. Years later, the village called the two of us every day, asking us where we had come from, where we had passed, how long we had stopped, and finally telling us not to go out, repeating the same thing over and over again, which annoyed us.

I feel that although the village on the migrant population very strict, but do not pay attention to preventive measures and the epidemic of Science and publicity, feel that is constantly creating panic. Now the information flow is too fast, the village people saw some information on the Internet, they feel very scared, but the village cadres also just call notification, and do not popular science. If you really want to find someone to ask this is what disease, what principle, almost no one knows. And online those information is also very difficult to distinguish true and false, so now feel a little confused, at a loss.

We two are really very aggrieved, we have the possibility of carrying the virus, but no one can effectively guide us, only self-isolation, but also have to endure the alienation of neighbors, might as well take us to the hospital and put us in isolation. And we're actually worried because we're with our parents every day, and we have a two-month-old baby at home. My family is actually afraid of being infected, but may worry about our heart burden, try not to say anything. My mother explained that we didn't go through Hankou, we went through Wuhan Railway Station and Wuchang Railway Station.

My boyfriend's parents in Hubei home, is also a variety of road closure street, can only call each other every day to chat. His parents didn't wear masks downstairs until after 11:00 at night. We two have not set a specific return time, originally bought the seventh day of the ticket also do not know can go back, I think even if I went to the company will not let me go to work.

My parents are ill and can not go back to Wuhan to take care of them

There was a big cry in the group

Wang Xu, 39, Wuhan native of Hubei Province

I am an entrepreneur in Beijing. I returned to Wuhan on January 19 because of my working relationship. My original plan was to stay until I returned to Beijing after the New Year, but the epidemic was developing too fast. Considering the situation of the company after the New Year, I left Wuhan and returned to Beijing on the 22nd, in isolation at home the whole time.

When I came back to Wuhan, there were very few people wearing masks on the streets, restaurants were full, and one night I went out to play football with friends. I think this directly led to the subsequent rapid infection, people did not pay attention, because at the time said that can be controlled, there is no human-to-human transmission.

It was only on the 21st that people began to realize the seriousness of wearing masks and reducing outdoor activities. I think there is a big misunderstanding about the mobility of people. The early mobility of the Wuhan people was due to the government's failure to say what was at stake, Information asymmetry. Wuhan is a central city, and its own mobility is there. Many of the people who live in Wuhan are not locals, and they go home every year to celebrate the Lunar New Year. So it is totally incomprehensible to blame the five million people who travel online to spread the epidemic.

Even when the siege caused some panic, there was a group of people going out of the city, but all of them had their own choices, like me and some of my classmates who were able to buy their parents plane tickets or train tickets to leave before the siege, but the parents chose to stay in Wuhan, they are not willing to come out, the so-called virus to the next generation.

At that time, because of the great panic, those "don't run around" and other harsh language, I think it is very inhuman to say, very unfair, especially with the geographical label.

I had relatives leave Wuhan before the city was sealed off, but because they were driving a car with Hubei License Plate A, they were held against their will in Zhengzhou and quarantined in a hotel for 14 days. There is also a classmate years ago reported the tour group, before the closure of Wuhan, was also isolated in the field. There are also students because the city of Wuhan closed back, but Wuhan ID card and can not open a hotel, no place to live.

Empty Nesters like my parents aren't doing so well after the city was shut down. My parents couldn't carry much when they went shopping, public transportation was stopped, there were no cars and no mass purchases, boxes of horses, JD.com, and so on, and now they couldn't deliver goods to our door, they can only eat the grain reserves prepared for the Spring Festival years ago.

I still have the parents of classmate, already appeared a few disease, traffic control go to a hospital all can not go, a lot of Wuhan classmate want to return to Wuhan can not return, can not take care of parents, anxious cry in our classmate group. The day before yesterday we got the news that the high-speed railway can stop at the station in Wuhan, and can go to the next person. Two classmates have already returned to Wuhan to take care of the old people. What's more, the old man had a fever for a few days, couldn't be diagnosed and was admitted to the hospital. It was too late to confirm whether he had new pneumonia and left without a relative. After the closure of the city, the security system was not established, which is a very terrible thing.

There's no point in pointing fingers now. The best we can do is to do what we can to contain the outbreak. Our alumni associations are also self-organizing. So far, this has not been a matter for Wuhan, but a national matter, and there is no point in complaining.

In addition to the epidemic may affect the normal operation of my company, we are now also discussing the possibility of a different office, I think this is a test for every enterprise. There will be big changes in some industries, like our education industry, where all the offline institutions, tools, and content projects are likely to change, and we will deal with that in years.

14 days to "prove my innocence. "

But no one showed us the papers

Averrhoa CARAMBOLA, 28, Wuhan Native of Hubei Province

We left the country on the 19th and booked a flight to Singapore three months in advance. A few days before the departure, I scoured the official website of the Wuhan Health Commission every day to see the announcement. The government did not say at that time that it was uncontrollable and human-to-human transmission. I did not expect it would be so serious. The number of confirmed cases reported by the government at the time of departure was in the double digits, while the number of confirmed cases just landed was in the triple digits. It was also the first day of the airport temperature check.

From the first notice of the government on December 31, I went out wearing a mask and asked my parents to wear one, but on the 18th, before I left, not many people on the street were wearing masks, and before the 18th, I took the subway once, there were lots of people on the subway who had a cough or a cold. No more than five people wore masks, including me.

I used to work in Beijing, the last few years before returning to Wuhan, so my identity card address is Beijing, passport issued by Beijing. We were supposed to fly back to Singapore on the 26th, but were refused to board the plane before boarding because my parents'passports were issued in Hubei.

We met a dozen people at the airport, all of them. Later, we called around to inquire about the situation, finally bought the flight of China Eastern Airlines, flew directly to Kunming, because Kunming is warm and very close to our original flight time. I booked the B & B before we left, but the B & B owner refused and I booked the hotel using my ID card.

Yunnan is from the afternoon of the 27th only determined to place the Wuhan People Unified Hotel. A group of US had come back from Singapore to fly in different places, with different policies, and we had entered Kunming with no one in charge. On the 28th, we went to the hotel where we were treated, hoping to clear our names after 14 days, and we were only six days out of quarantine. But after asking the paramedics and police here, they couldn't provide a quarantine certificate for more than 14 days.

I'm at the hotel. I'm afraid to go out. The hotel will be calling to check on us, I'll be honest with you, we're asymptomatic, and with the temperature, the police and the paramedics are fine. But Hotel receptionists here are wearing cotton masks, even I worry about their protection problems, but Kunming has not been able to buy masks.

There are a few floating friends outside, because there is no flight back to Wuhan, are trying to drive back. A family I know who landed in Changsha and paid three thousand Renminbi in a chartered car to get back because they were cold outside, and a family that had already fled from Yunnan to Chongqing and was about to drive all the way back: The husband of the family was a Shanxi identity card, can live in a hotel, but the wife and children because of Wuhan ID card can not live, finally can only call the police, by the government placement.

When we went out, all the flight attendants on Singapore Airlines wore n95s. My parents and I also wore face masks the whole time, but no one else did. When we came back, none of the flight attendants on China Eastern Airlines wore n95s. An Old lady asked her why she didn't wear them, she said she couldn't get it, and it's only been a few days, and I wasn't allowed to wear it before. They're a high-risk group. I think the airlines should hand out face masks.

We don't know how long we're GONNA be here, but we're GONNA be here day by day. WHO Doesn't want to go home? Outside are wandering, but Kunming will not fly to Wuhan until the 15th day of the first lunar month. We thought we could be free after 14 days in a socially responsible manner, but it would be discrimination to go anywhere without giving us proof.

In fact, if the government can be unified policy, I am sure to accept and cooperate. At the Singapore Airport, I was ready to disembark and be quarantined

But as a result, they were not allowed to fly. They finally flew, but after they arrived in Kunming, they had no place to live. A Lot's happened in the last few days. It's a slow breakdown.

At that time heard the news of the Wuhan City closure, the first reaction is not to go home how to do? Wuhan was fine when he left, how did it become like this? In Singapore, I watched the news late into the night and cried almost every day. I cried again at the Kunming airport, every day like a dream, magic realism, feeling very aggrieved. But in fact after the grievance is also good, now is to take one step at a time.

Never been back to Hubei

They stopped me because my ID started with "42. "

Phoebe, 31, Xiaogan, Hubei

From the second day of the Lunar New Year, I can feel the outside world to me every day "extra care. ".

I have been working in Beijing for seven years. This year, my husband and I are newly married, and according to the custom, we are going back to the husband's hometown for the Spring Festival. I followed him from Beijing to Mianyang years ago, because my ID card is Hubei Nationality.

I showed the information on my flight profile and 12306 to the security officer, which proved that I had not been back to Hubei in the last three months, and my temperature at the airport was normal, but the security officer would not listen to me, he insisted that he had been told that passengers with ID numbers beginning with "42" would not be allowed to board.

Later, after the ground staff coordination, found that the security officer misunderstands, at present only block 420(Wuhan) the beginning of the identity card, I can let other places in Hubei. Before I boarded the plane, the security officer jokingly said, "you're really out of luck. ". In contrast, I think those with me in the same field work in Wuhan is unlucky, home has not been back, but everywhere like rats across the street.

After all this, I was always nervous on the plane. When I got to Beijing, the stewardess asked everyone to fill in the Beijing registration form. When I filled out the ID card number column, I was nervous and shaking all the time. I was afraid that the people sitting next to me would find out that I was from Hubei, and lay siege to me. When the form was completed, my Paresthesia, the stewardess, would come over, and my heart would be in my throat, even if it was to find me. Luckily, I finally got to Beijing and went home.

But all this is only the beginning, first the property called to ask me whether the Spring Festival back home, home is not Hubei Relatives to come. Years ago, my mother came to Beijing from Hubei to see me, I told her not to go out self-isolation, to now has been nearly days, I have to make a statement. Then the community called me and asked me and my mother to report our body temperature every day, and I cooperated. Then I kept getting new phone calls asking us for more information, such as how we got there, what stations we passed, and so on. Three mornings in a row, I've been woken up by a strange phone number.

Every day I pay attention to the epidemic in my hometown. Xiaogan is the city with the third highest number of confirmed cases outside of Wuhan. A few days ago, a resident in my hometown's community was diagnosed with infection. She reported to the community as soon as she had symptoms, also sent a message in the owners group, to apologize to everyone, and remind everyone to pay attention to protection. In fact, the people in my hometown really did not want to make trouble, but this wave of public opinion really makes me very uncomfortable, especially the last few days a lot of Hubei People's identity card numbers, contact information was published, some people also received abusive messages.

Now my biggest puzzle is that even if we are isolated at home for 14 days, and no one has given us a certificate, we will still be treated specially when we go out, as long as they have Hubei identity cards, it will carry the virus?

I really wish this epidemic would go away. My job requires me to travel a lot, but I don't know if I can fly or stay in a hotel normally.

Quarantined Hotel in Guiyang

Online help Wuhan Doctors Find Free Housing

Li Yue, 30, Wuhan Native of Hubei Province

I'm staying at a hotel in Guiyang, and I'm the only guest in the hotel.

Before the end of the busy, I have been out of work, has not been back for two months. I was hoping to get back before New Year's Eve, but I didn't think I would be able to go home this year.

Since I was registered in Wuhan, the police immediately contacted me and asked if I had been back to Wuhan recently. I showed all my travel records and showed that I had been in Guiyang and Shenzhen for the last two months and had no time to go home.

On January 23, I was on the 8 AM flight back to Wuhan, got up at 5 am and had already arrived at the airport, told me that the flight was cancelled, and I cried when I saw the news of the closure of the city. My daughter is 2 years old. This is the first Spring Festival when I am not around her.

Back at the hotel, I rushed to buy a wave of things, instant noodles, snacks, water, masks and so on. The shortage of masks here is already very serious, outside the pharmacy is almost sold out, N95 level can not buy, only ordinary masks.

There are 4,721,800 people in the whole of Guiyang, and Wuhan has more migrants than this city, which is actually quite closed, so I hardly talk to the outside world either.

It's a cold winter in Guiyang, and I've had a bit of a cold lately, so to avoid suspicion, I've had to stay in a hotel every day and never leave the house. The only confirmed case in Guiyang was in my district, seven kilometres away as the crow flies, and I shut myself up in a hotel for my own health and to avoid unnecessary conflict.

I ate the New Year's Eve dinner by myself in the hotel. I made a bowl of instant noodles and added two double-way Ham sausages. Must Still Miss the family very much, shut in the hotel, in addition to beating Dota, the most hope every day is and family video.

Although people are not at home, my heart is still very concerned about the situation in Wuhan. I have a group of friends, found that many groups in Wuhan, there will be a number of hotels want to provide free room to the medical staff in need of rest, information is a lot of a lot of miscellaneous, some repeat and update not timely situation, the two sides can not interface.

They put this information into the background, the specific housing source address (specific to the house number) , the number of rooms, the number of receptions and contact information, and then the nearby can be covered by the hospital or medical institutions input, for matching. There is a lot of information to add, confirm and communicate the docking work, are manual operation, I was idle anyway, to help.

There are about 100 homes, more than 100 health care workers, and the numbers are growing. Are we a spontaneous civil society organization, or is there a lack of up-to-date information, some core areas and remote areas, the room is also relatively scarce.

I originally play rap, Wuhan, some rap singers, in fact, also in the voluntary donations and transportation of materials, we are actually in the effort.

In the end, no one can run away if something goes wrong. Cursing is useless. self-pity is useless. Let's just say there's a lot we can do.

Wuhan also has a lot of old people living alone, poor families, how do they do? They are slow to receive information, and homeless people don't know what happened, so they have to go to the garbage cans to pick up masks worn by others. These are real things, and it's up to every Wuhan person, whether they are outside the city or in the city, together. Do what you can to make things better, and trust that things will get better over time.

* Captions and text images from Pexels. At the request of the interviewees, Wu Xian, an an, Averrhoa Carambola, Phoebe and Li Yue were given pseudonyms.

What are your experiences of the "vagrant" people in Hubei Province?

You are welcome to leave your story in the comments section, and we will send you an Iqiyi season card from one of the top three likes (over 20) . Please Click on the public number menu "reprint cooperation. ".

First Hand Information / Hard Core Report / daily Hongbao / offline activities! All that's missing is you! Speed Up Wechat rancaijing01 reply "reader" one button on the car!

What are your experiences of the "vagrant" people in Hubei Province?

You are welcome to leave your story in the comments section, and we will send you an Iqiyi season card from one of the top three likes (over 20) . Please Click on the public number menu "reprint cooperation. ".

First Hand Information / Hard Core Report / daily Hongbao / offline activities! All that's missing is you! Speed Up Wechat rancaijing01 reply "reader" one button on the car!

I think I'm watching it

WECHAT SWEEPS UP Praise for author

####Send it to the author

People Admire

Long-press the QR code to transfer the funds to me

Under apple's new rules, wechat's iOS version of the APP has been turned off to support public accounts through Qr code transfers.

Go to "discover"-"take a look" browse "friends watching"

Sent

####Send it to take a look

Sending

A scan of wechat
Pay attention to the account


-------------
title: Seven people from Hubei Province: My "wandering" Spring Festival
source: Burning Finance
authors: _
editors: _
proofreader: _
photographer: _
translator: _
via: https://github.com/2019ncovmemory/nCovMemory
link: https://mp.weixin.qq.com/s/Qp-MpY2MgV498Fa0EWp1Og
archive: http://archive.ph/nPz8D
snapshot: https://github.com/2019ncovmemory/nCovMemory/blob/master/archive/jpg/1307.jpg
lead: "If you have an identity card from Hubei, do you carry the virus with you? "
cover: data:image/jpeg;base64,/9j/4AAQSkZJRgABAQAAAQABAAD/2wBDAAYEBQYFBAYGBQYHBwYIChAKCgkJChQODwwQFxQYGBcUFhYaHSUfGhsjHBYWICwgIyYnKSopGR8tMC0oMCUoKSj/2wBDAQcHBwoIChMKChMoGhYaKCgoKCgoKCgoKCgoKCgoKCgoKCgoKCgoKCgoKCgoKCgoKCgoKCgoKCgoKCgoKCgoKCj/wAARCADNAeADASIAAhEBAxEB/8QAHQAAAQUBAQEBAAAAAAAAAAAAAAECAwQFBwYICf/EAFMQAAEDAgQCBgYECQYNAwUAAAEAAgMEEQUSITFBUQYHEyJhcQgUMoGRoUJ0scEXIzU2UmKys9EVJHKC4eIWJjNDVmRmkpSipPDxJVRzNFNjwtL/xAAaAQADAQEBAQAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAQIDBAUG/8QAKBEAAgICAgIBBAIDAQAAAAAAAAECEQMhEjEEQVEFEyIyFHEzQmGx/9oADAMBAAIRAxEAPwD5aabaWHvSO2TQhAAhK3dKd0AIDZAJQd0g3QBINAhCEACEIQAIQhA6BCEIECGcUIskA9CZmTgbpDJImNIc55OVvLcq3QYpUYe+R1H2cbnDKHFgc5vkTsVUb/kJPNv3pitukkgQ6WR8sjpJHOe9xuXONyT5poKELMBzSbpwuNUxpsn5hxUtFIXMSpOGpUQslboUIqyw19lMxxGx0VVqsRu0WUlRUWXYGnNqd+a0YpQyMC9+F7rJjmAIvsrMeZ9yCA1c84/JvGRsNqW27t720HitmnrqytbEyeZ/ZRsEbQTYNbyAXnYnsh9vVwAIVtlY93DKOa5px0dWOVdntKWeCCnMDWiQPI14g3396uVUDGPZLHKaYl+Ux3OaPgb8djfS68hQPmmbkha+R/IDYcSeQ81qU9V2UF5JdSbhvA+9ccsbjs6FNSPSz1gNY6Vt3wdoHhhdYAgEXaRrrvc67X1CmwXEzNi0rTTUZimffI9pGXYHIb6Hj4nVeZjrDUvyjUcbcVu4A9lPXMdkz6HXl4rOUpRVjcItdHsMRxB04a17Mjo3Ekg6OWfDXyxPD4pDm2uCo6l/aTOG7cxKruP4wW4LjlmyTlyk9ihhio1RssxScyXe97mWILb7+9YXaAMjeD3b2Vu4ub2AHNZLHl9FOAfY1Hu1T5zyKpOy4Y1D9TUik7OXU2Y5SVFrX0WV602WhEzduKKLEBUNdE4jtGD4hR9p9lVYlXUtZ3ZNl5zEC6J+eF3dI4LQxiQOBcwXLfaXmJ61zDzYRsu7Bj1onI0tGnh3SV9CJWu1LtFq4p0uhqcIgpoHHMbdoOAsvBVZbLd8Wh4hZb5nNdY3XQvDhN8vZ5uWKbs9xT4rG1/tDddm6nsRbU4ZiJDvZmYP+Ur5gNUeDl230fKhzsIxg5tqiP8AZK3xeGlNMzyVxO4mW6dVaUzABqshlQbgFWH1QeNSu+GPinZy1seGgjQWUFRE3UhOEw4FDntfxQk0yjivpIt/xSw7f/64fu3L50IIN9V9NekPTCXorQgm1q0a/wBRy+bqqLsnWBuFtGXoLpFUIG5SoWpmCEIQhAhCFQEOUpzm2bdOCHatKAIxzRuU5ps132pvNACkDgbpGjVKNjfigbG3FADuaEjdtUX1sgBUIQgAQlG10iABCAnW34IAahKRZAF0AIQlakShpdspoB7Xdxw5kfK/8U1DdNPchDYxUIQgASsF7put9QntOu6TAXVK023ukI74F9CnEADyU9FJjgdfDgnsNjood9lK29hbdD2i0WWEbkqwyZ1rD7FRabFXqCdsJddgeSPpbLCSNIMnfJd4JNyQFap5DJI1ota+utlTq2xkgwuGjW6ferUJihZGXFzJADn42PDTxWTiuzaMjSo6hwe5hkALgb32sLm1vclbVhw1Li5x0Ko4cyWrrWhndIYXXGwFiLpYmmNjS/ukuI9yxlCzWMz1GFF0TQ5ps5w0dxF163An5acOfa50avAYRKZKiNhJDWnUeC9HBibTUNYwjKLmw5rz8+NvR2YpKj17XjK9xULJRnHHisuorMkDY897qClqS+qFie6FxrC6Nkze7cEv87Lz1DXNNXUQk6OF90prruksd5PcvKwVhZiVyd7hdGHx9NkSnxZtYXXW7eleb3vbwVCWtkppxKw2kjNj4rMmqTBikjwdM2b4pcTlHaZm7SC/vXSsKTMXk1/R6KtrG1FK2rh2OjwvNVzwHhzDeN11DhteaeZ0UhvE/Qg8Eytd2EpYTeJ2oK0hj4ujOeTkrKk0hZctOhVd7myg80k5LCR9E7Kq42NwV1wickpCvu06rtvo6uvhOND/AFmMf8hXD3SB29rrtvo564VjQ/1mP9groxqtmM3o7Q2AljLG5cdfBRSxujlc3e2l1dpLF7RwCgkfeZ/LMVqk6s51LdETSbWKC63FTnJl2VSVw1shOy7o5b6RNU2PolQa3ProGn/xuXzfJI6R13ElfQfpHWPRLDrf+/H7t6+eQqUUtk2KhCFQgQhCEIEIQgENA1CV+rL3vdbrMAmqDGYYfVY3f5yrmbGD5Am6r47hDcNhhcKyCoc91i2J7XZbDwcfsWjjRKkmY7fZd5JWjuX01O19fgksFO2LIGl4dkP02i4/8qSiEtLuCA07W2UpBabW2423TG3AzDa6AGkFM5qXclR23QArdk4tsBfc6qalpnSh13MjY0XL3mwH9vgrvY0Eg1qJIiBs2DMD/wAydCMw6pCOCvQU0M9eyCOb8W42D3Nyk+AFzqftVvF6SkpaYtjpquKoa8NLp3edxlsLH7EUF0zGGydc2tbRILEjRaOIYfHTU1LLFN2omaTmAIAI0LdR/FSMzyEmyAEhTAe1l2PdfVttOalpauekeX00pjda12qJr7RObbc3TEuw6LVN/OJBE4XkcbMdtqdgfeVA9pZI5rgQQbEHgmtNitXpBF/O2VLSC2pibNmH0iRZx+IKT0y0rTZlpVedhr4n0wkmpD22wE7Tl0vZ1jooatkcZDWNAIAzEPzC/gUEkfZPc5rGjO47Zdb8eCQMIc4O0LdbEJYJpYJmPhlkje03a9ji0jyKnnlNVLG4vkkmcC17pHFxJ4fK3wQNEDwMwF9EEacSnGF5kjaGuJdsGtJv5c1rMGH0dPUtkdLJWGnyAPhaWNkJ7wFzcEC3etvfZSlY7oyWO7w2Ckc67yXW9yiY3xF787J8oPaAZw++7vNKig7S7hqpornbXwKZYBrdG3uAbHxWnFBTR3lqBmiBPdj0c7XYHYcTr96VDiVu3jylo0dawtorLc0jm9mxzyWd6w8L/JK6qiGDzRNneyZz8oia3uujuTe/geHjutapxalqI8OmgY8TRscJoWxsay+SxcA0DQ2vr81m4miZVwyrcBHH7TAbhoO5tz8gFdp6dtRJ2U0hj0JFrHvHz0CyqCrhhjhux2dttQNyNj81o4fVQRVj34jTySMjNmxhxZc2G5IPna3hssJwNoMsUTm0uheM+a2/BTUE5bKLHYpzMde6srD+NaychzmPmsCA21icuuwtoEuC4hh9NHO+ahkqZA0Fz7NcG8xYggLB4r7NozotOry+VzgdiRdWsOqZM2fvAkDh48lTZTQ4i58kD46MDdszgzXwHDS2nmtjCcFioA6sxh/rFKY708MMovOBrcm92svfUanhzWX2UbLJ8lGeoDacPBHemcNDyIXlKiptUA32d969fBXuldWj1TDoYAe41sDLhxAFhfw991z2R/e5rXFiq0Y5cujUxGW8jX39pqUzmWisT3mbLPmkvTsPLS6jp5wHa7HRa/b0Z89k0kl9VOyoFRTdm83c3a6znvsS1RCQseCFooWY86ZbMhILHbhV3uIJBTpXZwHt96he/MN9QqjEUmMcdSu6eji62E40ePrMf7BXCCdV3T0cjfB8c+sx/sFbxRjJ6O2U0wZDI6+tlAyR19dVANARzSgq+9GSVOy06YBiqOeXE+KHWsmIUUgezlPpGfmjhv18fu3r57X0J6Rf5pYd9eH7t6+fExoEIQgAQhCEAIQhMR6nHMRwmrLnRT4hI/WxlDAPkAvMTuDnaE5eF0yR1xYEkeKYVcptkxioqkAOtlreumoopWyiEANDQG3a5xto62xtbfx8Vjg2JUzXx5dWknndSUBc6xzE8tSmgG1hqUE+BspGz2aQWMI8tUARgHKTwGiRAOhCQ3QBaZVTGCOHNaNhJaLaX5qFz331ddMaSBa5ASalAUSte9jy5riHW4KxXVklVHD2j5XuY0NOd5dte1r7AAqmUBAD4XlkjHNNnNcCDyN1aD45GOFRM4XcXWAvqdz8lS05oFuaANrtaRsZhfOLbkhuvxCyqnsu1PYXyW46qJSQR9q4i+UDc8kAPvD6od+2DvdbVQNF90+Vob3W6gcbbpiSGgNtQDqtmd5qOjNHmF308z4weTSA63xusXxW7gksTsJr6eZucd2TIDYkA6kHgQol8muLba+TIlyteMrgdBcja/FI5gBP4xjvEXUlVCIah7LlwFrOuNQRcfIqPu8W/NUZVQhy2Heub6jkpxMxj4iGFzWG5Dj7XPZREN4AJLDkCgZblxCSSqjqG/ipI/ZLSTbx1KrOkLi5zjmedyTqU3QcB8EoNtrfBIBLg7JQ6zr6JwJO5Tw4gblIAa7MOPuCmc6d7Mpzlo4FqhzHa5+KUF1/pH3pFWTMkmELotBGTezrb8x4qYSvDGtzsIaDYAgeeyrsDncQB4qdlO9xIa9mnG9rqW0Uh8dW7s2MDY8rRbXjY3B+a1KfEII4A17XOcXZjrpfmocJwKbEIWzQyw2d9HNqPctSPoXish/FQuedx3S0fErmyZMV02dEFNbSM1+IAveWMIL/AGjm381NJiUjmMb+iLWGUC2/AarWpegGOSOsYYmf0pB911ow9WuLu1klpo/efvAWLzYV/saL7j9Hm5MSMkQjlgjduC4EBxB4E8fetKCpkmpm5sQpYGgg5ZHOJ94DCt2LqyqrXmxGFv8ARbdWh1c2GV2K2bzERWcvJwL2XFTfo8hI5hme+TE2FzzcmKlcb6W45V5iZ4bI8DUBxAJ3XX6HoBhpI7aWtnGa2rwwG3kFyXGqdtLitbAwWZHO9gF72AcQF0ePlx5b4syzQlFbIg8vicDwULXa8kMcdQNkxdSijnv2WJDdoIULjolae7ZR35ppCbskjfY24Jr9FHdOBzNN1SQrA6hd09HD8jY59Zj/AGCuEbLu/o3/AJGxz6zH+wVSIbOwIQkuFRAHZNS3SIQHKfSL/NLDvrw/dvXz4voP0i/zSw768P3b18+JDQIQhAAhIlQAIQhNCI7HmEAHiQlRccwmAmTxQGDn8kvvQgAsOZQAANyj3H4JQNNkAFvNIAlsf0Sla13AIATQIsOSdlcd7IyFADbjki4tsE8ROSiEnn8EARi3IfBLflb4KUQeJStgB3LkARA7qVhIiA5n5J4p2/rJ4gdJLDTxDvvIa25tqUmNFdzbnzURCtFvZusSCRy2UJ3skMYApKeQxOeW3BLS3TxTbWTSdUBdE0rbRwu2zNPyJCjtxWzBPR1VHSwspXMq4mlrsvebKLk5gNw75HwSmOLbsxbySWwaMayAL81sGKO3+SZ8EjIIyTdjQPJFCMkaf2qRrS7RrST4ArZjgjaf8mbeDQpmtNrZNPMooaRjNpZnbRP9+gUseHzONjlH9ZbDY5XezYW5D+Kuw0b9O1kLQdhfU+4KHrbKUbMWPBpT7bwB4A/etKh6NsmF31DGM4uc8AD4Ar1OFdH5JrERCMX9uUXd/u/xXscPwSnpcr3NdNI0aOksbeQ2C4s3mRhpHZi8W+zxmFdBKaoDTmfK3i9zXsZ8TYn3D3r1tB0LwOlsZaYVDhwyhrfhqT7ytwZjv5INwdb/ABXkZfMyS6dHZHBGPonp201OwNgpY428AB/CymFRc92OIW12Cq5XHaw8gnMadcxseNguKU5fJpwiiyZ5X/SPkCkEYdq4klRsYBuXFSsI+iCs7b7JaS6JGQi2jb+ZTpo2xwuN9dhyT4+zABe11780k8ckzwymglfbcD+K0+3auOzK97K0YyU4yg3twXzr0wGXpNi4H/upN/NfTbaJrWD1mWOPT2XG5+S+cOseKCDpjizKZ7ns7d1y4WN+K9b6Vjljk+XswzSUlo8002Ka46lAO6R5XunHYrHaodsmDdKbkIJ5Ca3S7JEXSJF1XuernrDPQyiracYaK31mRsmbtsmWwtbYrwmZNvYbgKkFHa/w7O/0fb/xX91J+Hd3+jzf+L/urigcDxHxSEgcUwO2fh2f/o+3/iz/APyk/Ds//R9v/F/3VxQEE2BF/NFxzHxTEdB6xOsg9McJpqE4YKPsZ+3zibPfultrWHNc/SXHAg+SECFQhCKCxEqEIoAQhCEgHGM8kmUclYaSNiUo46A+5VQrIMhslDFNa+4Sho8UDIcniUZFPl5fYhrTf2b+SBMhyjxTgzwU4b4JcqBIhDb33Tgy6lDUpIF0FEQYnBmidcnYH36IGa1rg+KAFazwTmtB8Ugvf+ATgOZKAsQOEJzFl7ajzUMNQY6+OpDGPcx4eGvFw63A+BTpi9wyB2VjeXEqGJgdOGhxPNZyZcFbJ8ZiijrnGlJ9Xka2SME3LQd2nxBuPddZx1C08SdG6cNiFgxgaRyOqzntGbTQWSi9Dnp0MTmRue1zmgkN3twTBuVew1xzSsHEXTf/AAS/6VG3abi4I4rQw1xklbE54s7RuZwFjw1KqywuZI5pF9AdE1jHtbnDSWtOptogdG2YnMe5sgyvaS0g7ghO0GyipKiKqEn4t7JAQQA4FpHG99bqyxj3GzGk+SdioVtzfh4qaJjb3L7nkBdWKWhkl9sEDwW7QYU1v+bAusZ5VE1hibKNDQPlOsjWDw9pekwjDxTuuxlj+kTqftVmjpWxj2BbmVrU4a3jp4NJXm5/IctI9DHhjHZLTMmaNZbDwt9quxEgG7nE8iVEwhrdLD+kbKVjydgD5OXnSts6lpE3etx+xO15ap0MMspAhY55/VBKujDpGNvUzx04/Xdr8As/tSZLnFdlNjr33BCeHGxHteCtNGHwcZal3+43+KVuJFgLaaCKDxYNfip+1GP7SIc5P9ULBRVLxmEQY39J4yj5qZsNOwEy1Od36MOvzVF8rpb9rmc/e7nEpzRlB726nnCD0r/shxk+2abaiKNv4iJoIGhku4qpPVTzyBjp3ZTwaCB8lVkfl9nLpxI4KH1iMXJewWKieectII4V2aMkjGMLReR23dBdb5L5x6wtOmeMggg+su0O+wXfpa9mXKH5r/okgr5/6wj/AI54tvrNfXkQF6n0l8skv6MPJi4xPPE2QjTUGyT3r3jz70BNkmZIUmyKEOduU1BPFImgFuuy+ihhtBi3WbPTYrQ0tbT/AMnTPEdTE2RocHR2NnAi+p1XIsOoKrEaltPRQumlds1v2ruHo00M3RTrWpn44G00dbSS0kDy4Fr5nFhay42Jym199kuUU6b2arBklD7ii6Ow+kl0V6P4b1O45VYdgWFUlVG6DLNBRxxvbeZgNnAAhc69D3oXQYuzpDjONYdS11O0x0cDaqFsrQ723kBwIvqwX8V2L0m2Ol6l8djjY58j3U7WtaLlxM7LADmStbqh6Lt6BdWuG4dVlsc8URqa15Ogld3n3PIbeTVZgUOsrqkwbpV0XmwrBqPCMDqJZGOdWQ4bGXhrTctGXKRfTjtdef6kurLBuj9F0hwXF6LDcbnocSyCrqKFhc5roIngWdmIAzc10zofieJ4vh76vFsPjoGyvLqaNk3aF8BALHv0GVxvq3hZSYFhEmG4rj1S+Vj24jWNqWNaCCwCGOOx5m7L+9MD526+Or7DMb63uhXRzCYaDBYcQp5e1kp6dkY7ri4nK0AOdYEC65r199VFL1aT4S/DsTlraWvbIAyoa0SxuZa500LTmHDQr6D69+qbG+n/AEhwbFMCxalw1+HwuYHymQPDy/MHNLBpZfMPXZ0e6U9GelUVH0zxeXF6p9O2SCrdM+QOjJIsM2osQQR7+KAOfpLpCUXQAt0XSXuk0QA5CahAGiGAeacGA7AoAJ+kR5Jco5XTENIAOoAPiUX00F/IJ1rbC3uTg021+xAyME/on3lOaTY7fFODeaUNHAIAZrxKMp4395UmW3ApPNADQ3w+SdpdAGqcB4oASwSgDgEXAHFOAB4fNACbXsgfNLp704f0SgCCaEy2y3H3qKkdFAJ3Pa4y5QGC+gdfUn3K7YlUqywmA+KlopaKrnFr3OvuOPilIDmjb3pkuhCGuFipqg7EIsdFJTTerztlyNeG7teLgqN26afZKaEbVLIK6vjbSxvzljgWHXYX0PHY+KsVUDjRTOt3Q2+gXnYJHQyskjdZ7HBzTyIXvcQa2Xo9POxmVskQdttchRKXE0xx5GRS4WyHEqNuZxD43uJPOy9TS4acrXBuh5BRSxGPHcLzNsDBLs3wC9FTU1TObU8EjwOIaB81yZs3H2dePGvZDTUnZt0N/cftV2NrWjced1o0+B1AZnqnxUzecjhf4K0yLCKRxD3T1rx/9tuVvxXE8lnSkkUqVsbtbAnh4rZo8LrZzeOFwbzdZoUcWMmmbloqSClaeJBc74qvJV1dWXGaV8t+BJDfKywdey1yNf1Glph/O65pd+hAMx+KkjqaGEfzWjEjv05nX+SxYxIAbttfXu30VmIZdrE+Iuocq6LUL7Zoy4nUytymTIzbLGMo+Sr5hfuv1J3KjbKZBmzkj9XVKZHADOH3PEtF1zzm32UopEgc0ut2gc61wLJS230j8QoDLYXBkuOdh8goXSZvakPllv8AJc7KSs0BJwzDxLjdPuQCRrysCVQiO1wW21u5p+5TiUhl2Nc8/pEkKA4jXh8jtBpzfcKzBGWM0cDzDLaqkal7TlMRA3uCbJxrJHd0TBsZNhcltzyvbVKgaZeMMUg1aWncnjb4rgHWY0N6b4qACBnbuf1Au69jJIwSNex0YOmRx1K4T1lhzOmmJZwAbsNhr9AL1/pH+SX9HD5iqPZ5fVJ5pLoBX0J5gn0kqTig7JgCVIEqdCPY9WeKUeHYnUNrXtiE8YayR2wIN7Hlf7l1fCaZ3SbHaDBsFe2orZKiKVzojmFPGyRrnSuI2AA05kgL53BHNfSfoT0Jkx7pPXkHLFSwwX4Xe8u//QLnn40ZZPuWerg+r5MPivxUlT9n0j1gY3hnR7AosRx2Nj6COsp2vc8XERdK0Nk/qkh3uVPp6+uxWiGAYC+n9erGCWWScF0UdOHDNmym/wCM9gAbguPArynpS4fXYl1R10OHQOnLKiGWYA2yRNddzj4DQnkLngtzqZ6LVfRjonA3FsXfi2I1UcT5J+0D42NawNjjjPFjWga8dTxXSeSeyxXEKXBsJqsRr5Gw0lJC6aZ9tGsaLn7NlT6IdI6HpXgNJjOEmY0NUHGJ00Rjc4Bxbex1tcG3NeH6yKWp6wcT/wACsOmMWDwvZLj1XG7VrfaZSs/Xdo4/ottfex966TDOjHR7NI6DD8Kw6AC5OWOGJgt8AAgCp036W4X0MwZ2K46+eOhbI2N0kULpcpdtcN1A0tfmQvjD0kusDCen3SzD6jADM+io6Pse1liMZe8uLjYHWw0HxX2zjGHYb0n6OVNDXMjq8NxCDI4A6PY4XBB+BB8ivz862uhTugPTOqwR1bDWxMa2WGRh7/ZuuWh4+i+249/FAHjChCEACEIQOwQhCAs17hA8k0cwnAHl80xCjXgEDf8AtSjKOIKAL7DRAATpqkaTwCdlPJGwQAb7j5pDulHGwultfh8EANF+CWxKeGHiE4NugVMjDR4pwbYaNJT8tgnNYfHXwQUlYwNcd/sTg3mpGwm+ocfcpmty6NFvcp5FKJA2In+1ZFS/PMSNsy3ZSWQyPvYBpOy89u/71NhVDKnQtUbVJUC+WyjGxTJHHdIRdJrcq9gjzHi9C8WzNnYRcX+kEm6GlboXDMDxLFIZpcPopqiOIgPdGL5Sdl0XEsPNP0FacQqWx1YgYDT5bvaQ4CztdNArJmkIMbCYoy4kRxAMaL+AAWR0nYW4LUEZgO6PPvLjnleSSXR248ShbNytqqKm6TYM6iozIWR1APa65u6LHXktifHa6RpYHiFvARNDbLxlYXDpFg+VxIcJRt+qt7tMurrDz0XNlgtWbY32We/LJmcXudzeb/apYo78hrr4qi6rcLiNlzxNimslkse0c/Lz0H2LJo1TN507MtnFgtbQC5KX10tP4tov4hZtOIyPYkJPF2ynDY8xAjAI17ouVk4I0UiZ9TNLbOTbkBZWKZrbXexotxfc/K6qs7MDTuX4cU9sjAO7mcfHgs3FFJmsHREaPc0AfRACVjYW6tbI8cmhZ8MMsozAOtzOgVgNqgLucbcACFzSVGiLL6iVvtNaxnAEAlJHVBupyg87G5UDYZnOJddg463JUkTGxk5C4u2JtssWNE5nG25PEghJmc5psWkO0tqUscUp1Gdxv+irTWVRLbsjHu1WfG+hNozi2UO7uU/q62StaTYTuBiAtkDrea1GUE7nXkLWgc2m6sMw6Ae3VNudhlsrUJfBLyxWmUGT0TWHLRHOdM2aw+S4V1oty9NK4DTux/sBfRLKWliaQ99wNS2N9rr5+63exPTisNOD2Zjitd2bXIOK9X6UqyO/g4fLknDR4wIA1QEq+go8ywSHZCQlMQvBCalCAA6nRfbPog9HHYT1aSYlOzLLi9U6dtxY9kzuM+YefevjXBGYfJi9GzGZp4cNMrfWJIGZ5Gx372UG1zZfoh1d9Jei2N4FTx9DsQpKigpYmRMhidZ8LGiwDmHvN05hAGr0pxSlwno5imI1oaaakpZZ5A8aFrWEkEeOy8z1O4C7BOq/o/RXlinlomSyjOSY3yNzHKDcNsXbDTTZfOXTTpqen/XbPg0OOx0PRKofFh9S+WYRwzQQvMjjcm13PzAcwRwX0/056QU2DdXmN41STRPipqGR8T4nBzc2UhgBGm5agDxXQLq7wnAnydMujeNdIZJq2J9RNDUVTJI6v2j+Muy5JOuYai+is9ZeDwdY3VAzEZKuvpKZ2H/yq2lp5Whsruy7RrJCWkkDkLa68AtbqTqIpeqDooJJGC+HRsOZw5EFQdVdfh8/U/gNLiFZTRNOH+qvEkrW6NzRnc+CAN7q66P0XRzolQ0GD1ldVYb2bZKc1kwlcxjgCGg2Hd10HC6/PnpxVYjWdMcbmxyQy4m6slFQ4i3fDiCAOAFrAcAAvvTqSxP+Ueqjo9LLI10lPTeqSPvcZoXGIm/9S6+PvSSw2DDut/HH0csMkFYWVYMbw6znt74NtjmDvigDmCEIQAIQhAAhCEAa4abHdODdNjdGvNLY20TAMthsk8LJwDh4eacAbePggBgbfcJ2UcAE8M3uE5otwSsdDGsbuAntbfbZPa0cGqRrPABLkNIiYzmSFKIxbfTzUjYnHgbKeGke/QMJ8goc0uy4wK7I28L/ABUwjbfTLfzutSLCj2eeV7WNtfcOPwCY6OnjfbM9zfDKL+4fxWTyp9GqxtdlFsfC5J5KWGmdKcsfx2Vz1kRh7YooiDs4tsQqx7UkntLA8AN1PKTHxSK+PU/quHPvK0yOIaWga815JmpW90iBjhiYd3En/v4rCjGy0gnWzOe3oJhp7lF9EqWY94DkFEdAVqYhfRWsK1xKksLntmftBUz7KtYSAcRpASWjtmC44d4JNaKh2dPyNaXXc3fTTdZXSgtODStabAuZfTfVazhG1xJIFydyvJdKsazNmw+JjcrHgmS51I10C4ccG5aO+cuKs3cQH+MuCkh9nCX2+PdW52LSTlYwHwF/muZjHq6pr4Kmeos+G+UtjbZtxY6eK9DQ9Kg2F3rdS7tC0NAcA4NNva7oudefzVz8eTSoiGeKuz1zKe2rtBxsE5kkcbhliudr814STHHzyFsmOyRhxs17Kc5QL/S2NvIHyVNuPYrSSuYK50mUkXNntcOYuNuKj+JJ+xvyoo6WZXy6ZbDw0unRskLeIA5OuufQdMsQYbvZTyeOXL9i1qXrAkaR2tDe3Fkg+8LCfiZV0jSPk437PbRUsrva04XcdVfgoA03Gv8AScvGwdYFA8/joJ4/6oP2FbNF0wwKYC9Y0P5S5mfaFyZcGZf6nRHNjfTPTRQbhztPDcK1DDAzcSeZKy6XFsMqgDDUwyD/APHMHfer8LKee/Zm9vOy43CS7Rryj8l5opGi7iPeSVK2aCP2C3zAuqUVPEWkmdrTc2abKRlM57Tldntvoo2vRLUX7LgqgT3Ym3PE6BMNZMM2SKO+2hBuqppnsJF2hxNrEappp3Ri5YdNdFLnMSjEnNXUu0cchPC3/YR2kzmkPeXDioLNcSQHf0QCE+KRnZ6guJNjZ2p81k3J9sbSXQhkzOs1hII3a+xB5arhvW5r00qNXEGGL2iCfZ8F3cyyMcHER05A07tyf/K4X1vuLumcrnFtzBFfKNNl6v0lJZX/AEcnmfoeJQSm3QvpEeWCEIQAIQhAAp6WqnpJu1pp5YZbFueJ5Y6x0IuOBUC991bdXv8AhpR11R/KXqfq0rY8vYdpmuCb+0LIA8FfhbRWIa2qgppaeGpmjp5RaSJkjgx431aDY6gbrsv4CP8AaH/o/wC+j8BH+0P/AEf99AHFe0eRlzvsNhmNgo+J0B9y7d+Aj/aH/o/76PwEf7Q/9H/fQBxwYlXepNo/XKn1NpJbB2zuzaTvZt7aqp7guh9Y3Vv/AIG4RT138qeudtP2OTsOzt3Sb3zHkuelACIQhAAhCEACEIQBtta3mLp4spBGeQv4KRsB5fFLkVRBpwt7k8WP0SrDYB7/AACnbSlv0L24blQ5opQbKbQP1j5BSNidxbbzKvQxAgh1xbheymY5rAAyNue25NrKHP4NFj+SlHA4HVrrHY2sFbbA1gvJJG0/ogi6kPaG/ZhrB4Em/vKb6u+93WPkVDk2aKCRMw07d80nkOPmdE11U9otAxsTL8NT8VC+0ehI8t1EZL7N+alQ+Qb+CV8sj755CfMqBzzfUglIG73JIT2s2uQLqkqJbb0IA4u2+Knax9gA5vwtZOigceOnCystgJ0LrDTY6pSkkWlo8p0lOWpjj4tYDp4rLiKv9JiP5WlaPoWbvfYKhCt4dHNN7Ek1eVGdynHVxsmO3VLskDspqA2q4CDb8Y37QoOCkp7CWK+xcPtQwj2dL7LtJXFzja51eSvDYyxpxCrB1tK4XXuZpj2pEccls1tQV4PE3k1dUTuZXfauTFpnZN62UG6HTRJK8ySOLjcndHFErgb90X0XWjjYwHVewwrBm1OFU0zZ++9l8mS9tSPuXj+IXQuj5AwWhA3Me3Mhzlnlk4q0aYIKTpmfL0dls4gwutwBsqE+DTxXDqeTTTujMB5kL2ceZ3tO22AP2qRt+0DWAuPJmgH8FzryJLs3fjxfRz11DlNiS08iFE6B4JDS13kuntpc7fx0bJOOU7JDhFC947ShhLjwa3+Cf81exfxH6Zy4wP4tBHgpoKqspDmp56iEjjHI5v2FdHd0ZoJNWxPjcdO682HuKqT9EoQC5lW8X2Do/vCa8rHLsl+NkXTPM0nTTpDSaMxSZ44iUNkB+IWtB1k400/ziKjnG+rCwn4FOl6Izlx7OWB/g4EH7FTquidfECfU+0/+I5vsSf8AGn2kJRzRPS0PWtkaBUYW4Hi6Ka+nk4LcoutLBpAO3bVQu454swH+6VyefCZob9rTzMtvmaR9qpSUzgdNvFQ/B8efX/pSz5Y9n0DSdPMBqQOyrqYv/Re/sif94D7Vqx4nSVjLxerzt/VeJL/BfMzqeWx0BHmmta+M5mhzTzbosZ/S4v8AWRUfKa7R9NxiljJzvEDTyB0XDeuXsv8ADEmBxcw00etra6rDpsexajFqbEayLwErrfAqhjGI1WKVYqK+d082QMzuAvYbDRV4fgS8bI5N2Tm8hZI0UUJ1k2y9Q5AQhCABCEIAAu9+jb+Rsc+sx/sFcEC736Nv5Gxz6zH+wUAdhQhCABCEIA5V6Rn5oYd9eH7t6+eSvoX0jPzQw768P3b188oAEIQgAQhCABCEIA9fHR6Xe88iGC9vM8EHsmO0JuNMpNyku4tDc9xwA2CGtLSNbBc+/Z069EhkuDlYBfmP4IBOovby0+xIBvxKe29+H2pUCYMa39Ijh4Jwdk2cTbYAJhIPtXS7HRoNkxjzUSlujgORTHPc7d1ygXcTlAUjYZDbNYDZLQbI7vO9rcgnxQPfcBp08VL2Yadrk+KXv31ba3NFjSJWUbiO8QE4xNZs4HxCiLnZRmcT4X+5KHOLSACPPRRspUTRix7zreSkM0YNg1zvddVALd5zg4D3J4lOW2th7gpcbKKM+BU1XWyzzTzASHMWADfz/sWNjOHw4e9nYSuex4Ng4att4jdeoDwAcztFQxzLLhU4yXyAOBttqtISd0zOUE02ePBTTspaeN09RHCz2nuDfitXEMD9VpZZm1AkyWNsluNt+C35JHPxb6MTgtTB8Jqa6Rj4g1sYcO882v5DioMIpvWcRhiI7ua7vIale8YGxiwAFtmtGyzyZOPRpihy2zT9snv5L8BuuZ4vb+U6wBxc3tna89SveX7pJGVvmvAYob4jV227V32lZYVtmuZ6Ktk1/tFPAumP3PmuqJyjV0zoeyJ3R2mc+OLTPq4b94rmgG66H0PkfHgdPlI1c+2lzuVh5X6G/jP8j0HYh1x6s1g8tT7uCmji7GOxaGNGu3zVP117RoBI7Y2A08ymPmne67nGzeDW6fBea0zvTRfdUO1bGXAfpG6fE4ht3OAZzI4/xVOndLLILZTbgRYK/Exw1e5srgdNNG+Szeilsnie6axFmjgS3VObTm575v57BPZM4C9mkX08fBTvbJUR2DGsbbUWvryuFi5UzRKxjg4xGOJ5aOOl/wDykjzMs3MxwHg7+Kc6J7GlxMYDd8zrKWgdAwufUNdI8E5Wn2fDXj5KG9FJUXKRpkjcXOyR7lx71/BMlw+hqWFslNTyNOhzRC5VmKpiI7zGtuNstvcnsko5nFrOzzA2JtrfwWLySXTKpPswa7odhNSA2KliiJ+kx7m28xqLrJf1c0riGwV00ZOpzNa4fcvbO7LMQx+3JqjNU2N5ijcHv0LhfRumhdz8lUPLzR/VmcsGOXo55P1eVLZWsjrqd99SSw3aOdh8ua8v03wCDBa+GnppXTAwNe57gAS65voOGi7QzK5uhc5zjd1+J5lcy63WPixikDm5Q+mGgPJxXoeF5mTNl4yejk8nx4QhaOdkalJZOIN01e4eYNRYJSiyAEsElk5KAgBll3v0bfyLjf1mP9grg67z6N4/9Gxz6zH+wUCR19CEIGCEIQByn0jfzQw768P3b188r6H9Iwf4o4d9eH7t6+esqAGoS5SlylADUJcpRl5ooBEJbIsUAeszG+pATmcjcqMaA6EWUsbC4G+nmsDoFN7aHbwSsO9za3gniLTfw3T2ODdtfAJNjoZZvP46J7coPNOzF19bX4hIXNBsdSpspIcHad1tuR2TwdfasfDRRh9z7Ldeac4C1iLpWAokFrRi/kPvS987kDyTGgEb7JTYDvH3JjTJWNI0aLn5p3A5zb5qDtHbRi1uSA57nG7yfcEmO0TBzRbKbnmhxvrcnz4JoAaLuf70mrv8nmI8RokMeyMbucLqDEQx1BVgAE9m7W1raKYRO0u8OP6JaqWMveMOmGZo01A0O6cWmxS0mYvReETYm55F+yYXbcdvvW5jhjZhc7MxDnABo5m4WRgLg3EXNbkP4pwOXS+x1U3SKouyOIC1u8dfctJRudGcXULG9EoQ6Spm2ygNB89fuXpWsDAe8B4g7rC6KtEcE75ZCBI/5Ab/ABK9FHNSAtIe1rtPauT48Fhml+RphX4g0Odc3dYC1yvCY5CafGa6Im5ZK4E3vfVe8NTAMou0k8AfH+C8PWRTV1bPK2M53uc6wFgQDbTmVXjtttsWdaVGYkdupHxSNJzMOnGyaGPcCQ1xA0uBddS+Tlp9DQLL3/RaOV2BU+UgNzO8L97mvGw4XVSQyzSMMMMbcxfICPhzXrujE4OBwsLnPLS5uXa2t/vXP5L/AA0dHjpqWza7LQkloA5O0CfF3tSdBw5qBhs3vnUa2H/fzQJGgZnCw1JuvObOw0opIha4DeBsphM2S/ZnvcS4kALIDrk30b4aEqxGQ1oA1HhpZQ1ZaZsQGNrg7tcxHF4Uxmaxp77bcty7yWJ2rtGs777bX58SpYGPc4ufo88eSyljNVI0WSySPBkNmg+yOC0oYy9l9xuGjYLJDIwbOykbHu3SincXtyRNLR7RB3/sWckUmbGYzBrYQ9rW/SBILvLw8fgrcbTG3u2AaOAtYLHe6aLUukFha4vZRR11S6Qw073Z93Odq1g5nx5Dj5LP7Tl0VZp11ZLG/soHsErrXuARGOZ8eQ+5RwXIADrOvcknUniSeKgp4mMaRZzhu5z9S4ncnxWhTsaxpfoHfRaDb4rObSXFFItRRPa0SWc8cOV1zDrcYBidActnGAl1zqe8dSurxOfUtZG2UPc/iXDYb+4LnnXNTwwnChECXZZA57tS43GpW/03WdM5fLd42jlDlGpnJmi+oR4oxCc7ZINU6JsQeCWxte6XKltYEIGNBK716N35Gxw/6zH+wVwbKu8+jd+Rcc+sx/sFAjrqEISKBCEIQHKvSK/NHDfrw/dvXz55r6E9In80sO+vD929fPh3TExNEIQgQWSJUJ2FCJbIQiwo9WDlPtbcANUoe7S1rW4hOjjtYB2vOyjjc90xja7KBpe3hdcp1WS8O84W4ckrSXDujTZRtZY3JLiOJT7kA+CKGPDHaC9h4FLn7NtrAX4DUprI+0izOcQL7DT5p4a1vsgBIY3PbgmulG4v8ESkMZmtdNte4fr9nwRQWM7QO9knz2CljaHN1uT4bJ7G5Wt8QlDQXlo08UwQAsaALWHBBII0uExwsRxvxTTfLe+ymikWG2uCSSeZNyE50oBILnF3LmqDJXObmBIF7WCkzFo0tYhS0Ui005m3c7KLeyNyqeMtLaIRxMJMjwDbcDdP7R+T2hr4LDxDEJXOLRoQbXurxx3ZnOWmiWilFNikbpLXsWHvAgabqtiFayare8jOA7TlYbBUC573gvcSVbw+mZU1JbITlaLm3FbySvkzni21xN+hrGzUUHZQiEtGUhpJDrcbcFNHn1zGzeV9Uyla1rbMAaLWskxCd0FKZGAZiQ0X4XXHVyOzqOyCtrDCOzY8iQ6k75fdzTKKFzG9pIS2wNhfRg43+0qHCYWyvdLJdzgTa/O17qPGqmQAQtNmOGZ1uPgtOP8AojLlrkyrVVBqZ39k0FgbudL+J+5X8JYaUTtLu/mbe21rXVBzhTPDGNB0DiTxcdifLktqlhbFTi/ePtXPPn5p5dRpBi3K2FdL2tOYnEky6AE203J8ArmD2jpn9kwsp3SFzG+FgL/JefpS6txEiRxDHA3aOLRwXpo3lrY422Gc2vbZY5I8YcTbHLk7LIksRmDs52F+Ke1sl9TdxNw218qjLOyc2xJc4XJKljcGF2VtiOK56NrJ2iQAXcwHQ7Wt81EZZXOyRhrrOsXXsB5cynxh8naNEha1oFwOPvU8UIF8thYAbKHoaJaRjwzVgAIuTmuT77KwHljXF2UAaaG6hhaTE59x3QTayKRvb2lce8Lht9bf2+KzkrNYl6CRt83ZvDDazHNv8VM2e4IaXD+oQoIhfIRpmNtOG/8AD5proe0De9YucA0gba296zcSroklqC4ljWAy5QS5zTZg5/wCfA/s2ZIw4FxuddXHmTzSQQhotmdd1iXcSea08Po45J2NN9SOKynKlSNIjqSF5j9jM746rUhhLMpILiDYNaNyeA806lfmZsA0CzWj6IV7DqdkzX1DrhzXuiYB9G1rnxJv7lxO5sblSJ4aWKAF77PncLEnUAcgOX2rnHXPG10GGEWsDIBpbkujSExusDfRc465beq4d3RcPePkurwZXnicuZfg2ckeNVFsdVO/UlQSL6pHjsQ6jRINChu6dob6KkIL67pfekIFkwIAcTqu8ejd+Rcc+sx/sFcHAC7z6Nv5Gxz6zH+wUCOuoSkIapKEQlI0SIQHKvSK/NHDvrw/dvXz4voP0i/zRw368P3b18+JgCE5mxQ5AhqEpFkiABCEcECP/9k=
