##With flowers destroyed and no one set up, the love economy faces a test of its health

I-CAIJING

CAIJING magazine official Wechat. "CAIJING" magazine, sponsored by the China Securities Market Research Center, was first published in 1998, adhering to the news concept of "independence, exclusiveness and originality" , and is known for authoritative, impartial and professional reporting, it is a must-read publication for policy-makers, researchers and managers in the field of politics and economics.

The following article comes from 11 people of Finance and Economics, the author Yang Liyun

Set up by the Industry Reporting Team of Caijing magazine to study the success and failure of enterprises, explore the rise and fall of industries, and promote sunshine business

"Condom Sales" is not just a joke, what other unexpected adverse trend upward?

By Yang Liyun, CAIJING correspondent

Editor | Yu LE

On February 14th of this year, did you receive roses?

With the epidemic on lockdown, it is unlikely that women will receive a bouquet of roses at the office and be greeted with glances from colleagues. China's flower market has been hit hard this spring with millions of roses destroyed as a result of the market downturn.

Yunnan Dounan flower market data shows, around February 14,2020, flower trading volume, supply less than half of the same period in 2019. The flower market occupies 70% of the national market share, is China's largest fresh cut flower trading market.

Dong Rui, director of Planning and operation of Yunnan Dounan Flower Industry Group, said in an interview with pear video that the daily turnover of flowers in early February in previous years was about 25 million yuan, starting on February 3 and continuing until February 12 This year only February 10,11 these two days is the peak, supply, trading volume only last year 30-40% .

He said the overall price of this year's flowers is only one-third of last year's, at least 2.5 yuan per grade a rose in previous years, up to a maximum of 5 yuan; this year less than 1.5 yuan per rose. Meanwhile, logistics costs have more than doubled. With low demand, little supply, poor logistics and extremely high transport prices, both growers and suppliers are reluctant to engage in thankless business, with more than a million roses destroyed on 10 February alone.

During the Spring Festival, people stay at home, family planning products just need to rise against the trend, "condom sales" is not just a joke. Sales of family planning products in Beijing, Shanghai, Guangdong and Fujian grew rapidly during the lunar new year, with Fujian and Guangdong up 231 per cent and 196 per cent respectively, according to data provided to Caijing by JD.com. The orders were sent mainly to areas where users were returning home for the Lunar New Year, leading to an increase in orders from non-common addresses over common addresses, a reflection of the delayed return of young people to the city.

For other industries with a love-centric product theme, it's not just February 14th that will be affected. Wedding companies, matchmaking companies are facing a test of at least three months, although marriage and matchmaking demand has only been postponed rather than reduced, but a number of micro enterprises may be due to the break in the financial chain and disappear this spring. But there are online marriage service platform that, as e-commerce industry in 2003, the rise of SARS, the epidemic will be good for the wedding industry digital.

Hotels, weddings, cold winters

In addition to roses, candlelit dinners and hotel stays were also limited by the outbreak, while the corresponding catering and hotel industries were also cold. According to "where to go" provided to the "CAIJING" data, affected by the epidemic, around February 14 this year around the heat of the tourism products dropped significantly. Domestic hotel bookings were down 95 per cent from the same period last year.

Zhang Rong, general manager of the flying pig single hotel business, told Caijing that most hotels across the country are currently closed, with hotels in Hainan, Zhejiang and Guangdong closing more than 70 percent of their business, while those in north China and Yunnan are even more closed, february 14th was a terrible day.

In addition to this kind of instant consumption, the mid-to long-term service-oriented wedding and matchmaking industry is also heavily dependent on the peak season around February 14. "generally speaking, it is our peak season from the Spring Festival to February 14, because young people who have been urged to get married after the Lunar New Year holiday and are discouraged from doing so will come for a blind date as soon as the New Year is over, " An employee of a matchmaking company who did not want to be named told CAIJING, but this year affected by the epidemic, the company has informed employees, delayed half a month to pay wages, the hands of the first settlement of the funds in January of the promotion fee.

The matchmaking company has online platforms such as apps and APPS, as well as dozens of offline stores, using the O2O format as a platform for traffic, and opening multiple offline stores, to provide "matchmaker" and customer interface communication place. According to its website, it has more than million paid members.

Although the company is positioned as an internet company, online platforms are primarily used to direct traffic, and customers are more likely to sign up for offline stores, the employee said. At present, the offline shop can not open for business, missed this season, means the loss of large numbers of new orders. "there have been no layoffs, but the boss has been threatening to cut staff if they don't get to work. "

Also relying on offline stores are a number of wedding companies. Zhu Yun, the head of the Pritt wedding, told Caijing that the company would lose 3 million yuan in profits in February and March. "wedding is a family-based, decision-making-oriented service industry, if only online chat, customers can not imagine their wedding will be made into what look like. They need to meet with us and build deep trust before they decide to place an order. 70 per cent of orders go to offline stores."

Affected by the epidemic, marriage registration has been suspended in many parts of the country. Zhu Yun said that the weddings originally scheduled for February and March have all been cancelled, and all the clients have postponed their weddings until after May. This means that the pre-paid and final payment will not be received in the near future because of the unavailability of the services of the contracted parties. At present, more than 300,000 yuan a month in rent and labor costs need to pay their own advance.

"2020 is a good year for the lunar calendar. There will be no less demand for marriage, but it will be delayed, which will lead to another problem —— as if I have to support these idle employees now, but I won't have enough manpower for the wedding rush in the second half of the year,"Zhu said, when the time comes, any company with an adequate talent pool will be better off, assuming it can survive the next few months. Wedding industry itself is an "ant market" , concentration is not high, a number of small and micro enterprises may not survive this spring.

The epidemic inadvertently drives the digitalization of weddings

Although February 14th can not be spent in the traditional way, there is always a need to express one's feelings. On the whole, online, digital platforms and products are under less pressure, and even inadvertently present a new opportunity.

Online Marriage Service Platform "wedding age" in the face of the challenge of the epidemic, still remain optimistic. Wang Xiaolei, head of the company's brand, said in an interview with Caijing that many businesses on the platform have not been able to return to work, and the wedding bureau has organized three live public classes to train businesses in digital operations, nearly 1,000 merchants participate in each event.

Wang Xiaolei learned that some wedding companies have encountered customer refund of the situation, wedding age to help organizations extend the validity of the contract, stable customers and orders. The nuptials'revenue model is similar to TMALL's, with revenue coming from merchants'entrance fees, profit sharing on orders and other services and technology products. Therefore, it and the platform of the business is the relationship between honor and disgrace.

"In previous years, from the fourth day of the Lunar New Year to February 14, it was the peak season for weddings. There were a lot of promotions, and the revenue was really affected, " she said, adding that there were millions of wedding companies nationwide, there is a need for a quick return to contactless operations. Wedding ceremony to take this opportunity to launch "cloud wedding" activities, for the first-line medical staff, military personnel to provide "free custom wedding" , while helping businesses fine management online virtual store, open fast access.

"wedding companies used to think that it was OK to run offline stores well, but now they are increasingly aware of the importance of doing virtual stores, " Wang said, as the e-commerce industry rose during the SARS epidemic in 2003, the outbreak may have inadvertently helped drive the digital trend in the wedding industry.

The epidemic separated the lovers into cowherd and weaver girl, do not meet, only each other express a gift. Luxury e-commerce Temple Library to prepare for February 14, from February 5 launched with the city speed up service, Beijing users can buy designated luxury goods within the five rings within 2 hours of delivery. Purchasing data showed that users of the business around February 14 were concentrated in Chaoyang, Xicheng and Haidian District, with products such as Pradat's Prada and Ferragamo handbags the most popular.

According to sales figures from JD.com, cosmetics and skincare were the top choice for gifts until February 14, with sales from February 8 to 12 up 36 per cent year-on-year, with the average daily turnover 3.73 times higher than during the Lunar New Year.

Before February 14, however, the big names were far less aggressive in their advertising than they were last year. A fashion blogger with hundreds of thousands of followers told Caijing that no advertising orders were received on February 14 this year, february 14 previous year will receive a lot of watches, skin care products, perfume, chocolate and other brands of delivery orders. "The blogger can not go out to shoot material, the family scene is more limited, the brand side in the selection of the blogger process to cancel the project. " Recently her income decreased by nearly 80% . "However, some brands have already received advertisements that they intend to place in the International Women's Day, and may warm up after the epidemic is over. "

Read more about the outbreak in pictures

Editor in chief | Lilijiang Jiang Jiang@caijing. COM.CN
This is an original article from CAIJING magazine, which can not be reproduced or mirrored without authorization. For reprinting, please leave a message at the end of the article to request and obtain authorization.

Editor in chief | Lilijiang Jiang Jiang@caijing. COM.CN

This is an original article from CAIJING magazine, which can not be reproduced or mirrored without authorization. For reprinting, please leave a message at the end of the article to request and obtain authorization.

Go to "discover"-"take a look" browse "friends watching"

Sent

####Send it to take a look

Sending

A scan of wechat
Pay attention to the account


-------------
title: With flowers destroyed and no one set up, the love economy faces a test of its health
source: cai-jing-za-zhi-/-cai-jing-shi-yi-ren
authors: _
editors: _
proofreader: _
photographer: _
translator: _
via: https://github.com/2019ncovmemory/nCovMemory
link: https://mp.weixin.qq.com/s/HGIdL073jpgTj49Jdh-Uog
archive: http://archive.today/MIzX0
snapshot: https://github.com/2019ncovmemory/nCovMemory/blob/master/archive/jpg/1666.jpg
lead: "Condom Sales" is not just a joke, what other unexpected adverse trend upward?
cover: data:image/jpeg;base64,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
