##Wu Bing: Half the staff trapped in Wuhan, in the middle of the epidemic against remote office tuyere

Micro-signal, Rancaijing

A feature presentation, a daily in depth report, redefines the innovation economy.

Original by ran CAIJING

By suki

Editor | Zhou Changfan

This year's outbreak came as a surprise, but it took the telecommuting industry, which includes graphite documents, a big step forward.

What many people don't know is that graphite documents is a start-up founded in Wuhan, where half of its employees are still based. After the outbreak of NCP, nearly 50 people remained in Wuhan, mainly in product development, customer service, finance and HR departments. During the Spring Festival, they have been isolated at home while providing services to the surging number of online office workers.

Meanwhile, during the outbreak, a document called relay edit, follow virus rumors and reliable information, which is the graphite document providing technical and product support for a number of volunteer teams, went viral on facebook.

On February 13th, Caijing held an online salon, an online salon sharing session, called "what do business service entrepreneurs do? " Zhu Xiaohu, managing partner of Jinsha River Venture capital, Wu Bing, founder and CEO  of graphite document, and Yuan Wenhui, co-founder and CEO  of Xiaoyu Yilian, shared the theme in the community, they talked about their views on the business services industry and the response to the epidemic.

According to Wu, users are learning about telecommuting at this time, which is a great customer acquisition node, but as the number of users surges, these products also face the challenge of product service stability. At the same time, there are concerns that everything will go back to square one after the resumption of work, Wu said. Even if the epidemic is over, everything may go back to square one, but as long as the product is well done and the right thing is done, the end user will still stay.

Here's what Wu Bing shares:

Half the team is trapped in Wuhan

Working on a new version while quarantining

After the outbreak, Wuhan closed the city, graphite documents have nearly 50 people "trapped" in Wuhan, some of Wuhan's small partners in Beijing and Shanghai, unable to go home for the New Year.

Academician Zhong Nanshan confirmed on January 20 that there was human to human transmission of NCP, but on January 21 and 22, many people left for Wuhan. Wu found that the situation was much more urgent than expected, based on information that the volunteers had put together in graphite documents, as well as information from friends and relatives in Wuhan. He canceled his flight back to Wuhan. Then on the 23rd Wuhan announced the news of the closing of the city, and the atmosphere began to get tense.

To keep colleagues from panicking, the Human Resources Department at Graphite soon organized a group that took care of everyone's health and told them to stay put and stay in quarantine. Fortunately, none of the employees in graphite document had any symptoms of infection, only family members of individual employees were infected.

Most of the employees in Wuhan are in the R & D and Customer Service Departments, and they work remotely. Offices in Beijing and Shanghai are also consciously isolating themselves and working from home. "This month is absolutely impossible to let everybody go to the office to go to work, wait for next month to see. " Wu Bing is not quite at ease everybody, every day in the nail to supervise everybody to upload own health information.

For the first two days of the Lunar New Year, graphite documents developed a remote version of the online office for the outbreak. Organizations involved in the epidemic can apply for free use of the enterprise advanced version, which normally costs 600 yuan per person per year. In order to launch the new version, some of the project team of more than 40 people have to work together, while self-isolation team at home, while working overtime.

During the outbreak,

The graphite document remotely assists the volunteer team

On January 22, a graphite document titled "relay editing, Keeping Track of viral rumors and reliable information" began circulating among friends.

The graphite team found that the volunteer team was using the free version, and that once the permissions were made public, anyone could cut and modify them, which was unsafe. And this version is limited by the number of people and functions, in the number of collaboration there are some inconvenience. The team then reached out to the volunteer team, opened up the advanced version, and provided emergency assistance from the rear.

Heyang was one of graphite's facilitators. Over the next 10 days, he reached out to more than 10 pro bono teams, and as each team added more and more members, so did the demand from customers. At the time, the personal free version of the graphite document was available for only 15 people to collaborate with, far short of what was needed to use it, while the enterprise premium version was up to par in terms of support numbers, but some features required remote guidance from organizations. During that time, he had to get up at 7:30 a.m. and go to bed at about 12:30 p.m. , and he had to be online at all times, to keep Chinese people around the world up-to-date through graphite in various nonprofit organizations.

He told the financial news, the epidemic information release is the main embodiment of real-time, timely. On New Year's Eve, with a CCTV New Year's Gala at home, he suddenly received an urgent request from the nCoV-support team (now the 'zhuoming' team) and immediately gave voice instruction, running through the internal processes of the organization. And he felt that this outbreak, this defensive battle, was really Minute to Win It.

Slowly, Heyang found a problem -- a wasteful use of resources -- As many teams repeatedly tried in vain. Because everyone is gathering information from the same source, basically 80% of the information is the same, he simply pulled together a group of nearly 12 graphite using public interest group founders or leaders, to explain the situation, see if there's any chemical reaction.

"I didn't know there were really four or five teams that were really good at what they did. The team that was represented by Ashasan (who contacted several professional editors and the editors in the content department of the fruit Shell) and the team that was represented by A2n, Simo, and others, filtered and integrated the information. With the help of graphite technology, they opened up automated information flow channels to extract real-time updates to the WUHAN2020 team's projects and present them to the public. "

He Yang added, "I'm also grateful to them, " he said. "without their trust in graphite, I wouldn't have had the opportunity to meet and mingle. "I'm really proud that graphite documents can serve as a vehicle to deliver information about the epidemic quickly, accurately and ruthlessly to those in need. "

Demand for telecommuting surges

Entrepreneurs should face it rationally

As the outbreak of the online workplace began, businesses and organizations across the country began to pay attention to how they work online.

In the APP Store, nail, enterprise wechat and other online office APPS, ranking has been improved, download volume has also been relatively large growth. In general, the top five or top 10 free apps in the APP Store rarely feature office APPS. These days, however, telecommuting APPS and online education APPS are starting to dominate the top 20.

When it comes to telecommuting, most people first think of voice and video conferencing, nail, enterprise Wechat, Qq these representative products. In fact, in addition to these products, there are remote office software Teambition, Trello, Worktile and other task management software; video conferencing software such as Zoom, Xiaoyuyilian; Baidu Network Disk, nut cloud, Yifangyun such cloud applications; And graphite documents, WPS, tencent documents and other document collaboration software.

During the outbreak, one of the biggest increases in telecommuting data was voice and video conferencing. According to industry insiders, Zoom probably averaged less than 4,000 downloads per day before this year, and now has 50,000 or more; on average, it averaged more than 80,000, and now has roughly 400,000 to 500,000 downloads per day. And that's just for apple's APP Store. The number of new users and business registrations for graphite documents has also increased significantly in the recent period, Wu said, at least fivefold.

February 3, the first day of many enterprise employees remote work, nail, enterprise wechat and other products of audio-video Conference Board crashed and can not provide services. On the one hand, we can see the huge demand of users. On the other hand, we can also see that stability is very important for online office products.

Although the increase in new users of graphite document is obvious, but in terms of activity and sales acceptance, in the face of sudden traffic, will still lag a lot. In the short term, graphite as the representative of the remote office software in the sales will still be greatly affected. On the one hand, many companies are still not really back to the office, so business owners will make purchasing decisions later. In addition, virtually all telecommuting tools were offered for free during the outbreak, and under this strategy, sales faced some resistance.

For telecommuting software, this period of time is a very good opportunity for users to understand and use. The surge in users also poses challenges for the team, as product development and marketing teams, including sales and customer service teams, are extremely busy, and the need for emergency staffing is a challenge for the organization as a whole and for recruitment.

In such a window period, the Enterprise Service Company should deeply understand the user's demand and the actual situation, can not too blindly follow the general trend, such as do promotion, launch, marketing and so on, the result will waste a lot of resources. Enterprises should be more responsive to the needs of users. If they only increase exposure and bring in new products, the actual needs have not been well addressed. Under the Tuyere, the utilization rate of capital investment will be very low, and many opportunities will be wasted, user retention can be very difficult.

Dialogue with Wu Bing

Finance and Economics: Does the epidemic test the cash flow of graphite documents, and how to hedge its impact?

Wu Bing: our cash reserves are quite adequate. The outbreak has raised concerns about telecommuting, which is good news for the entire online office industry. In this case, the graphite document new user also has the very big growth, we also can seize the opportunity to advance the business rapidly, obtains the more customers, this also is advantageous in the later stage financing.

Burn Finance and Economics: USERS WANT TO USE free telecommuting software, in the long run, whether it will cause a greater adverse impact on commercialization? What is the commercialization strategy of graphite document?

Wu Bing: in order to help enterprises tide over the difficulties, many telecommuting manufacturers have put forward different free strategies. In the meantime, users are learning about telecommuting, which is a great way to get customers, not necessarily to bring in direct revenue in the short term, but to drive usage even if their pay time moves backwards, the long-term commercialization of income is also very good. We are also increasing our sales and service teams to better serve the new white users, so that people can really understand how these products can be used and bring long-term value.

Finance and Economics: The big manufacturers free of charge to open similar products, in the long run you will be worried about their own market being squeezed? What's your competitive strategy?

Wu Bing: the capital strength quite abundant big factory, will free open some similar products, but in the product experience, the function, the performance, each family also has the optimized space. It's impossible for us to be completely unaffected by the free strategy of the big manufacturers. Our strategy is to provide a stronger experience, functionality, and performance, and the customers who care will be willing to pay. For example, Zoom and some large manufacturers are doing remote conference products, many users in order to experience better stability, or willing to pay for the use of Zoom, its charging point lies in the product's strengths and features.

Burning Finance: Do you think product experience is the killer APP for graphite? Why are you so obsessed with the details of the product?

Wu Bing: Graphite document attaches great importance to the function of enterprise management, the needs of enterprises are very complex, we have done a lot of high-level authority settings. We've also made a big difference in the experience, functionality, and performance of the enterprise version from the free version, such as tables: Cross table references, pivottables, charts, filtered views, etc. . In addition, visual, product design is an important part of office products, which is also from the inception of the concern.

Burning Finance and economics: Standing on the Tuyere of telecommuting, what is the most important thing that needs to be done well at present?

Wu Bing: standing in the wind of telecommuting, as a start-up with online documents, the most important thing is to be able to fit in with the time that we all care about and provide the best features and experience for our users, then let the user can enjoy the value of the good product truly. We have to really understand the needs of users and grasp such needs, the product to a better, higher position. It is important to remain calm under the wind, to keep an eye on the industry, and to work in this direction clearly and rationally.

Burning Finance and Economics: Some people worry that everything will come back to square one after resuming work. Are you worried about this problem? Why?

Wu Bing: I haven't really been worried about this problem for a few years. I think the wind is an opportunity, but these opportunities are temporary, everything may be back to square one. When everything is back to square one, we just have to do our products well, we should do the things on the line. Take advantage of this opportunity to have a conversation with more users who need to work remotely, have more exposure, and serve more customers. The new users acquired after this period of accumulation, there will be a continuous process of accumulation, and eventually will stay.

Burn finance: Many user experience good tool type software will encounter the problem when realizing, what do you have to judge and cognize?

Wu Bing: in China, tool software has been facing the problem of monetization for a long time, which is also the problem facing the entire Saas Industry. It's just that it's getting better every year, and especially with this outbreak, it's getting people to care about telecommuting, and it's growing faster.

We did a good job of commercializing last year, and many users are very willing to pay, starting in 2019,2020 and beyond, the first year of Enterprise Service has already begun. Our financing has been relatively smooth, and our commercial performance has attracted a lot of investor interest. But the main thing is to do a good job of the product, do a good job of commercialization, this is the most important.

Burning Finance: What kind of company is graphite ultimately going to be?

Wu Bing: graphite documents has a chance to become a $10 billion company, or even more, if we can do the online part of the office well, so that the documents, forms, and slides that people usually use can run on the cloud, and can help people better operation business process. There will come a time.

* Some of the questions are from members of the financial and Economic Community. To Quote Salon, please note that this is from the online salon of the Innovative Economic Warfare Project of Finance and Economics.

Have you tried online collaboration? How did it go?

You are welcome to leave your story in the comments area. Please Click on the "reprint cooperation" in the public menu to reprint the article.

First-hand Information / Hard Core Report / daily Red Envelope / offline activities! All that's missing is you! Speed Up Wechat rancaijing02 reply "reader" one button on the car!

Have you tried online collaboration? How did it go?

You are welcome to leave your story in the comments area. Please Click on the "reprint cooperation" in the public menu to reprint the article.

First-hand Information / Hard Core Report / daily Red Envelope / offline activities! All that's missing is you! Speed Up Wechat rancaijing02 reply "reader" one button on the car!

I think I'm watching it

WECHAT SWEEPS UP Praise for author

####Send it to the author

People Admire

Long-press the QR code to transfer the funds to me

Under apple's new rules, wechat's iOS version of the APP has been turned off to support public accounts through Qr code transfers.

Go to "discover"-"take a look" browse "friends watching"

Sent

####Send it to take a look

Sending

A scan of wechat
Pay attention to the account


-------------
title: Wu Bing: Half the staff trapped in Wuhan, in the middle of the epidemic against remote office tuyere
source: Burning Finance
authors: _
editors: _
proofreader: _
photographer: _
translator: _
via: https://github.com/2019ncovmemory/nCovMemory
link: https://mp.weixin.qq.com/s/X1gwgN-Xo0a6Y9-p29yl3g
archive: http://archive.ph/XsuBJ
snapshot: https://github.com/2019ncovmemory/nCovMemory/blob/master/archive/jpg/1468.jpg
lead: Set up in Wuhan, the graphite document is both busy fighting the epidemic and busy preparing for the storm.
cover: data:image/jpeg;base64,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
