##If anything happens to me, I'll leave you the house

Weixin Quanmingushi

Functional Introduction, in fact, everyone's story is breathtaking.

“
You also do not run around, you are an only child, there are your father, mother, Grandpa.

“

You also do not run around, you are an only child, there are your father, mother, Grandpa.

The 439th story of the plan for all the people

One

Wang Bo and I are second marriage, after knowing each other for six months to get a license, the wedding is simple, only invited close relatives, set two tables of wine. Before the marriage, the mother-in-law said: "His temper is a bit crusty. " But he is also a bit loud, speaking also blunt, Wuhan men mostly so.

But Wang Bo's temper was not "crutch" , it was sometimes too soft. One time we were at the mall, and he was gone. After looking for a long time, I found him crouching in the doorway. I asked him what he was doing, and he said he saw his ex-wife. "And then what? " I asked menacingly. "Am I a disgrace? "

He's a tech guy. I run a flower shop, and I occasionally shop overseas. In Wuhan, a house without a car, normal life. This year marks the seventh anniversary of the collection of the licence from November 12,2013. Despite the seven-year Itch, we all cherish our second marriages.

In the early hours of the morning of the 23rd, word of Wuhan's closing went viral among insurance broker's clientele. I'm a light sleeper. I've been swiping my phone. See the back of the Scalp Tingling, more anxiety anxiety.

I couldn't sleep for hours. At Dawn, when I told Wang Bo about the siege, he was still in bed, in a daze. I dressed quickly in a black down jacket, a blue bathing cap with a white mask, and dragged the trailer to Metro AG to buy groceries. The street was empty, and an equally well-armed man was hurrying along the other road as I was.

The streets were deserted, the supermarkets were packed, and I was one of the few to snap up vegetables, fish and frozen food. There was a long line of people behind the cash register, all wearing masks and waiting.

When I got home, I uploaded the video I shot at the supermarket to Douyin, where I kept swiping my phone to see how many views I was getting until I broke 30,000. I raised my phone, turned to Wang Bo and said, "Hey, am I going to be an Internet celebrity? "

Wang Bo did not look up, his thumb in the mobile phone in a steady glide, "just braved people scold you are still outside? " I think I was trying to grab food outside, he was lazy at home to angry. One Hand pulled him over, the phone in front of him, forced him to read from beginning to end.

He looked at the end disapprovingly said: "That is today everyone can not go out, idle. "

In the past, we all went to my house on New Year's Eve, and then went to his house on the first day of the Lunar New Year.

After the city was sealed, we could not go anywhere. My mother still made ten dishes and one soup as usual and called us to have dinner. I gave a big, exaggerated sigh. "Look what's happening. Are we flying there? "

As we ate, I cried as I watched my mother send over photos of a table of dishes that Wang Bo and I loved to eat: Tarragon Bacon, spareribs, steamed dumplings.

Wang Bo's mouth was so stupid that he pawed at the food with his chopsticks for a long time, saying, "it's really impossible to run around, it's a danger when you go out. " I quickly told him to shut up and wash the dishes.

Two

On the first day of the New Year, Wang Bo's sister-in-law called, "Our eldest's teacher has been diagnosed. There is a parent in his taekwondo class who is also said to be suspicious. There are so many of them out of nowhere. What should we do? Our eldest also likes to sit in the first row in class. "

I quickly asked: "children without symptoms, right? Do not go out recently, just stay at home. "

"I don't have any symptoms, but my father has had a low-grade fever recently. It started on the 21st and he has taken cold medicine for a few days, and now it has subsided, " said my sister-in-law

Wang Bo and I lived in Wuchang, and my sister-in-law and her in-laws lived in Hankou, where the father-in-law would pick up and drop off the children. We analyzed on the phone, the child has no symptoms, father-in-law had no direct contact with patients, just because of bladder cancer, poor physical resistance, presumably due to climate change caused by the cold.

Wang Bo, who had been listening from the SOFA, rose in silence, brought in the garden watering can from the balcony, rinsed it off, poured down a drip of liquid disinfectant, filled it with water, sealed it tight, shook it, and sprayed it on the floor and furniture.

I laughed and cried. "Okay, Wang Bo's getting nervous. Is he the least scary person in your family? " When I hung up, I pointed to an orchid on the coffee table and said, "Hey, watch it, it's new. "

Wang Bo said nothing, grabbed the watering can, opened the door and ran out. After a while, he turned to me in the kitchen and said, "I don't have enough disinfectant. I'll make some more. If you're in a hurry to get out of the house, go to the elevator on the left. " I poked my head out in surprise. "Ah, aren't you taking too much care? "

While watching television that night, Wang Bo, wrapped in a blanket, took a thermometer from his armpit, looked into the fluorescent light, and said, "I think I have a fever, too. " Without a word, I reached over to help him. Wang Bo put the thermometer on the table and said, "don't touch it. Where's the mask? " 

Following my directions, he stood up and took a few steps toward the door's utility closet. "You get it, " he said hesitantly. "You wear one first, and then throw one to me. "

Wang Bo has taken her temperature three times since her sister in law called. It seemed to me that the fever was something he wanted. I confirmed to him: "You really have a fever? "

Wang Bo immediately put on a mask, went to make a bed in the guest room, and stood in the guest room, and the living room I as if across the Chu River Han Jie, exhorted: "You should wear a mask, sleep can not take off! "

As I slept at night, my voice came out of my mask in a deep voice: "I can't breathe in my sleep, " Wang Bo solemnly assured. "I can do it. "

Three

From that day on, Wang Bo began isolating himself in the guest room.

The door to the guest room only opened when he was picking up dinner. I left the meal by the door, then stepped back a few steps, and Wang Bo opened the door to take it away. I only see a flash of a face covered by a mask every day. Sometimes when I take away the dishes, Wang Bo shouts through the door, "make sure you spray more disinfectant on my door. "

Although we don't say anything on the surface, and we're not young and in love, it's really sad that we're spending so much time together, Faraway, So Close! .

Wang Bo did not speak to me, only sent me a message to comfort me: "Our condition is pretty good. My classmate, Li Ming, has been diagnosed, and now lives in a car every day, at home with two children, did not dare to go home at all. "

The calm of my life was completely disrupted, and I was anxious every day. Wang Bo had been eating lotus seeds and CEPHALOSPORINS for days. If it's new pneumonia, the drug might not work. There are students introduced, Air Road Xinte pharmacy can also buy Abidore, but there is no car home, can not go.

I thought for a while, friends are now busy, sister-in-law home although there is a car, but father-in-law is still repeated fever, there are two children, unable to be in two places, are Three Meals a Day.

On the 28th, in the middle of getting up, my father-in-law was suddenly out of breath and fell flat on his face. Ignoring the risk of cross-infection, the aunt took him to the Concorde Emergency Room.

When the sister-in-law arrived, far to see the fever clinic team from the door extended out, had to turn back.

On the 29th, my sister-in-law and her father-in-law went to the water conservancy hospital for a chest CT scan.

My father-in-law's CT diagnosis report

We were all hoping for a fluke, or maybe it was just pneumonia. After returning home, the sister-in-law for the father-in-law to the community to apply for a nucleic acid test, waiting for a unified arrangement.

But life goes on. My sister-in-law and I discussed, I will solve the two sides of the food problem.

Every day at 6:00, I bought the bucket of boiled water, cut chicken into the pot, remove floating foam, into ginger, medlar. Simmer for a few hours, then add a pinch of salt and pepper. Occasionally replaced with pork ribs lotus root soup. One Soup for Wang Bo, two stir-fries, to go, and Wang Bo's brother-in-law driving in from Hankou at 9:00.

Wang Bo's spirits had been good for some days, and sometimes he'd had too much salt or too little time, but he knew he'd drink it all.

Four

On February 1st, my mother-in-law Also began to have a fever.

Sister-in-law is about to collapse, the father-in-law walk a few more steps or a little bit of effort on breathing fast, basically all-day oxygen, can not leave people around. I said: "I accompanied her mother-in-law to the hospital, Wang Bo here or light scattered some of the situation

Wang Bo wouldn't have been able to leave the house, so we agreed not to tell him until we knew. In the morning, I still get dinner ready on time, knock on the bedroom door, and say to Wang Bo: "I go out to buy food, will be late back. "

Wang Bo, who had not been out for several days, did not know that the community did not need to go out to buy food. The board contacted a Greengrocer who drove a pickup at regular intervals. The food is distributed, one bag for each person, with seven or eight dishes. In addition to the price of the vegetables, we'll split the freight of 35 yuan. The Industry Committee has a person in the group stressed that: "At this time who then run out to buy vegetables, who is harmful to others. "

Wang Bo told me through the door, "the news said to watch your eyes. You need glasses. "

He reminded me to wear extra blue-ray-ban glasses. My brother-in-law picked me up first, then my mother-in-law. When I saw my mother-in-law, she was wearing a red down jacket, carrying a blue bag, walking and talking normal, but slightly short of breath.

"I have a low-grade fever, 37.8 °C, " said the mother-in-law. "You don't have to be so nervous. If it wasn't for this epidemic, I wouldn't even be in the hospital. "How is Wang Bo at home? " I said. "He's fine. He's been tested three times a day for the last two days. He's no longer feverish. "

The road was empty and moving fast, but the parking spaces in front of Concorde Hospital were full. My brother-in-law dropped us off, told me to call him before I left. Everyone in the family has a different job, and he has to take care of the children.

Entering at 8:15 a.m. , the paramedics at the triage table were surrounded by dozens of patients and their families. The seats were crowded with sick people, and those without seats sat on the floor or curled up in wheelchairs. Family members kept crossing the crowd and peering in vain at the door of the doctor's office, which was closed.

After I settled in with my mother-in-law, I pressed the edge of the mask and waited in line to get my temperature. A young intern wrote out a checklist, and we went to the line for a C.T. It wasn't until 5:30 p.m. that a doctor surnamed Lu finally received us.

The CT findings were "multiple patchy lesions in both lungs" . Lu said that there was a "double lung scattered in Multiple Patchy ground-glass-like high-density Shadow, " which is typical of the new symptoms of pneumonia.

MOTHER-IN-LAW'S CT diagnosis

Dr Lu also asked me if there were any other cases at home. After learning of my father-in-law's condition, he thought both of them were suspected. NUCLEIC ACID testing is recommended as soon as possible to confirm the diagnosis.

I have no choice but to say that the community places are allocated by the district, each time 21. My father-in-law waited in line for over a week to order a nucleic acid test. Called the street, called the mayor's hotline. Street feedback, because the father-in-law's CT did not appear "ground glass like" the word, the line has been leaning back.

Dr. Lu could not help after hearing this, but thought that now with my mother-in-law's CT results, may be able to arrange faster.

After that, Dr. Lu left me his personal wechat, saying that he was a hospital in Guangdong to come to support, this is not a formal measure, is a helpless act. When we get home, if we have any questions about patient care, we can ask him.

He'll get back to us as soon as he gets this.

Five

From the hospital, from the crowd, the temperature suddenly dropped a lot. The chill crept inch by inch from the soles of my feet, and my mask was wet and stuck to my mouth.

Mother-in-law a little bit off force of feeling, come out to sit directly on the edge of the flower bed. I asked her if she was cold, and she waved her hand, resting it on her knees, without a word.

I was annoyed that I didn't call my brother-in-law ahead of time, but I couldn't find the right time either. "Mom, I'm in touch with my brother-in-law now, " I said apologetically. She didn't say anything either. I didn't think much about the infection and touched her hand. It was cold.

When my brother in law picked us up, he said, Wang Bo already knows. Because I was out so long, he called his sister, and when he found out, he comforted him.

At 8:30 p.m. , I pushed the door open and Wang Bo caught my voice. He repeatedly urged: "quickly to take a bath wash hair, clothes washing machine, bag lost balcony. Remember to pour more point 84. "

When I came out of the bathroom, I heard Wang Bo through the door crying like a caged animal. After the discharge of the armed I was confused, may be too tired to cry out. But I thought if I made a noise, maybe the crying would stop. So I waited quietly until he was done.

On Feb. 3, when friendster was looking for a phase III clinical trial for the antiviral company Gilead, I consulted Dr. Lu. Dr Lu said the trial was random and double-blind, meaning half of the people were eating flour, or taking the drugs prescribed now with caution.

The Rib Lotus root soup I made at home those days

On February 4, my father-in-law's oxygen level dropped to 88 and reached 94 after oxygen inhalation. Dr Lu said the indicators can also, attention to lie down or half-lying half-sitting, try to defecate in bed, try to breathe through the nose.

On February 5, I bought the new Pine Oxygen Machine recommended by Dr. Lu from JD.com because it was no longer enough for my in-laws to share an oxygen machine. After I placed the order, I was worried about the delivery.

On February 6, the parents-in-law were finally arranged to have their nucleic acid tested at the Hubei Integrated Hospital of traditional Chinese and Western medicine. However, the results were negative, did not meet the criteria for the diagnosis of new crown, and can not be hospitalized.

Wang Bo, who was no longer feverish, walked out of the bedroom on the same day, but still asked me to keep more than two meters away from him.

"I had to, but now I'm going with my parents, " Wang Bo said. "It's too risky. I'm going to live in Hankou. I won't come back. And don't go anywhere. You're an only child with your father, your mother and your grandfather. "

I know. He's the oldest, he's the older brother, and if he thinks he's okay, he'll be there as soon as he can. I obstinately lower the head, also don't want to say what words in the first time.

Wang Bo smiled and said, "If anything happens to me, you can have the house. "

"What the hell do I want a house for? " I finally scolded him.

I saw Wang Bo into the car at the entrance to the downstairs door, and Wang Bo pointed back to a spot on the side of the road, remarking, "just stand there, don't come forward. "

I watched him lean over and put things in the trunk. He is 178 height, before marriage only 110 pounds, after marriage gained some weight, face a little meat. But last year he had his gall bladder removed because of a congenital gallbladder malformation, and he underwent a cholangiojejunostomy, which caused him to lose more than 10 pounds.

Sending my husband away, I stand far away

In his backpack behind him, Wang Bo had his own medical records and insurance card, and he was ready to go. "If I get infected, " he told me before leaving, "I'll apply for shelter. "

After returning home, outside the sky has been dark, I did not turn on the light, as if the right back of the head has been a tight tendon, suddenly in the closing of the moment broken off.

I cried on the couch.

Six

Since Feb. 7, Wang Bo has been taking Oseltamivir, moxifloxacin hydrochloride, Lianhua qingwen capsule and oxygen therapy at his sister in law's home to help his parents eat, sleep and sleep. At the same time pushing a wheelchair to bring home the Xinhua hospital outpatient injection Globulin.

Mother-in-law at home, the situation good or bad, father-in-law has been nearly three weeks, relatively serious. One oxygen machine is not enough. I bought the oxygen machine, three days ago logistics showed that arrived in Wuhan Business Point, but no one distribution, can only be anxious.

These days mother-in-law and father-in-law's appetite has been bad, breathing difficulties, almost rarely eat. They were both over 68, too old to be admitted to a shelter hospital.

Brother-in-law to the streets and communities to report the situation, hope to receive treatment as soon as possible. But the grid guy says they're both registered and reported, but the hard criteria is CT plus Shuangyang District, that's all.

I had to micro-blog pneumonia super phone, micro-neighbors on the registration of information for help, but also in the Wechat to do a warm-hearted Wu Ang teacher, set up a help group.

Wang Bo was too busy to chat all day and left me occasional messages. "cheers" was the most. If the gap is longer, we exchange requests for help from other people on Weibo, encouraging each other that we are not the exception or the hardest.

One by one, we received a lot of good will, but the sheer volume of communication was overwhelming. I had to respond in unison: "Thank you for your concern, parents have under the guidance of a doctor. Chinese medicine prescription now difficult to make, do not send again. "

Thank you note for Dr. Lu

On February 10, my father-in-law's second nucleic acid test came out, the results were positive, and finally admitted to Hankou Hospital. The same day, because the mother-in-law nucleic acid test is still negative, and made a CT examination assisted, is still "double lung multiple plate-like Ground Glass Shadow. ". Still unable to be hospitalized.

Until February 12, with the help of volunteers, the mother-in-law was also admitted to Hankou Hospital. Wang Bo sent text messages thanking the volunteers, and I thanked Dr Lu on Wechat. Dr. Lu said, "just doing my job. ".

After I settled in with my mother-in-law, Wang Bo sent me a picture of the lunch box at the hospital. "It's OK, " he said. "Mom and dad have a stronger appetite. Hopefully, we can meet at the end of the month. "

Dictation

By Jin Shian, a native of Wuhan

Editor | Pu Moshi

▼

The national story project is looking for anyone with a story

Tell the story you care about and send it

tougao@quanmingushi.com

Once the story was published, it was paid 300-1,000 yuan for each thousand words

Please support the National Story Project, Click here

Go to "discover"-"take a look" browse "friends watching"

Sent

####Send it to take a look

Sending

A scan of wechat
Pay attention to the account


-------------
title: If anything happens to me, I'll leave you the house
source: quan-min-gu-shi-ji-hua-（-ge-ti-）
authors: _
editors: _
proofreader: _
photographer: _
translator: _
via: https://github.com/2019ncovmemory/nCovMemory
link: https://mp.weixin.qq.com/s/jPqyGk_BvJktA1ucuf5pYg
archive: https://archive.is/RV9lR
snapshot: https://github.com/2019ncovmemory/nCovMemory/blob/master/archive/jpg/1142.jpg
lead: Before he left, he said to me, "just stand there and don't come forward. "
cover: data:image/jpeg;base64,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
