##The Hubei people stranded in Singapore went home by charter plane

I-CAIJING

CAIJING magazine official Wechat. "CAIJING" magazine, sponsored by the China Securities Market Research Center, was first published in 1998, adhering to the news concept of "independence, exclusiveness and originality" , and is known for authoritative, impartial and professional reporting, it is a must-read publication for policy-makers, researchers and managers in the field of politics and economics.

The following article is from a trip to a guest, the author Shi Zhiliang team

CAIJING Magazine's transportation industry group was created to focus on transportation news. Here, we will take you to link travel, technology and the future.

_
As the epidemic spread, Hubei residents who went abroad for Singapore before the Spring Festival missed their loved ones, but airlines stopped flying and their journey home took a turn for the better after several setbacks
_

_

As the epidemic spread, Hubei residents who went abroad for Singapore before the Spring Festival missed their loved ones, but airlines stopped flying and their journey home took a turn for the better after several setbacks

First-line report from CAIJING: Overseas stranded passengers arrive in Wuhan by Chinese chartered plane

By Chen Liang, CAIJING correspondent

Editor | Shi Zhiliang

"No matter how serious the epidemic is in Wuhan, we have to come back, " said Pan Shengli, who was stranded in Singapore.

Located in the tropics, Singapore has long been under the control of the Intertropical Convergence Zone, with an average temperature of between 23 and 34 °C and humidity of between 65 and 90 per cent. Warm Singapore has always been a popular destination for Chinese tourists.

Little did they know that COVID-19 pneumonia ("new crown pneumonia") was the last resort for everyone.

On January 23, Wuhan announced that it was closing the Han exit. Upon receiving the news, Kuhang, which owns the wuhan-singapore direct flight route, suspended the route. In the wake of the incident, Singapore Airlines cancelled flights to and from mainland China.

The people of Hubei, stranded in Singapore, are anxious. Jiang told CAIJING that family members are fighting in Wuhan Hospital and are now focused on getting back to Wuhan.

After many days of grounding, things took a turn for the better. On February 5, China Eastern Airlines sent an empty A330-200 aircraft from Shanghai to Singapore Changi Airport to pick up 147 stranded Hubei tourists on a direct flight to Wuhan, in accordance with the deployment of the Foreign Ministry and the Civil Aviation Administration of China, and returned to Shanghai empty-handed. The crew, who have been given secondary protection, will be quarantined for three days after disembarking.

In line with the principle of voluntary purchase of tickets, stranded in Singapore, no fever and other symptoms of Hubei travellers can buy tickets after the flight. For Wu Ren, who had wanted to go to Nanjing to reunite with her daughter, there were no other flights to take her back to Nanjing because she was issued a passport by Hubei Province, so she had to take the plane back to Wuhan.

In addition to China Eastern, Air China, China Southern, Xiamen Airlines and Spring Airlines sent charter flights to Japan, Thailand, Malaysia and other places to pick up passengers from Hubei. Since the outbreak, the Civil Aviation Administration of China has organized 12 overtime charter flights to bring back more than 1,500 Hubei nationals stranded overseas, said Yu Biao, director of the Department of Transportation.

Although no official figures have been released on the number of people leaving Hubei in 2020, only the Wuhan Border Control Station checked 65,900 people entering and leaving the country during the Spring Festival in 2019, an increase of 14 percent over the 2018 Spring Festival period. The top 5 destinations from Wuhan Tianhe Airport are Thailand, Japan, Malaysia, Vietnam and Hong Kong.

A trip home for Hubei Native tourists began here.

Flight's canceled. Embassy Charter

The good journey of the people of Hubei to Singapore was interrupted on January 23, and the hard road home for the people of Hubei began on January 23.

In the early morning of January 23, the Wuhan government announced that from 10:00 on January 23, the city bus, subway, ferry and long-distance passenger services in Wuhan City will be suspended. People should not leave Wuhan without special reasons, and the airport and railway station will be temporarily closed from the Han corridor, recovery time will be announced later.

A notice, fearless people in Wuhan began to panic, in Singapore, Jiang Juan no longer in the mood to play. Universal Studios, Sentosa, Chinatown are not as important as the relatives fighting in Wuhan Hospital.

Careless play of Jiang Juan with her daughter in the hotel kept brushing the domestic news, to understand the latest situation in Wuhan. Also take your temperature three times a day.

After the outbreak became public, it became difficult for people in Hubei to get home.

Singapore has announced that from 23:59 on January 31,2020, all new visitors to mainland China in the past 14 days will not be allowed to enter or transit through Singapore.

Singapore Airlines are cancelling flights to and from mainland China, without passengers from mainland China.

Kuhang, which operates a direct flight between Singapore and Wuhan, grounded the route on Jan. 23. Cool air is a low-cost carrier owned by Singapore Airlines.

On January 31, Singapore Airlines and Shengan Airlines announced that they would cancel some mainland flights from February 2020.

Flights between Beijing, Shanghai, Guangzhou, Shenzhen, Xiamen, Chongqing and Chengdu by Singapore Airlines and sheng 'an airlines have been cancelled.

As Hubei is the focus of the outbreak of new crown pneumonia, singapore-based Tourist Wu Ren, who was going to Nanjing, told Caijing that he could not enter Nanjing because he was holding a passport issued by Hubei Province.

Some of the Hubei residents stranded in Singapore have run out of money and some are nearing the end of their visas.

On January 30, the Civil Aviation Administration of China said that the CAAC maintains close contact with the National Health Commission, the Ministry of Foreign Affairs, the Ministry of Culture and tourism and other ministries, as well as the overseas offices of airlines, to organize and coordinate flights or charter flights for the repatriation of passengers in need.

The Chinese Embassy in Singapore began its operation to contact China Eastern Airlines and organize charter flights to take home the stranded Hubei tourists.

On Feb. 4, after receiving a call from the Chinese Embassy in Singapore, Pan was happy to have a chartered flight home. Although Singaporeans do not discriminate against Chinese people because of the epidemic, and the Singapore Health Bureau will call to take care of their health, for Pan, home is the place where he feels safe.

In line with the principle of voluntary purchase of tickets, Jiang Juan, Pan Shengli, Wu Ren and other 147 Hubei tourists bought a ticket to return to China on February 5.

Sunny February 5th, Singapore. The Hubei Traveler who has been wandering abroad for more than half a month left his room early in the morning, put on a mask, Jiang Juan, Pan Shengli, Wu Ren began to set out for Changi Airport.

Unlike the past check-in, China Eastern has a separate check-in area for chartered flights at Singapore Airport. Jiang Juan at the check-in counter after measuring the temperature, normal display, began to run tickets.

After getting the boarding pass, through a series of green channels such as the tax refund counter, Immigration Bureau and Security Check, Jiang Juan's family arrived at the registration gate. Since the China Eastern plane couldn't land until 12:00 noon, Jiang got a special hot meal from the China Eastern Singapore ground staff.

At 1201 hours, Singapore Changi Airport Flight MU799 touched down. After another temperature check at the boarding gate, Pan Shengli boarded the plane.

After a four and a half hour flight, the plane landed on Runway 04L at Wuhan Tianhe Airport. When the plane came to a stop, all the passengers couldn't wait to get up.

At about 1800 hours, the cabin door opened slowly. In order to control the passenger density in the Terminal Building Tianhe Airport requires five to get off the plane. As a result of bringing children, Jiang Juan ranked in the front. About half an hour later, Jiang and her daughter stepped out of the hatch.

On the night of February 5, Wuhan was still bitterly cold, but Jiang Juan, returning home, felt no chill. Unable to travel to his daughter's home in Nanjing, Wu eventually chose to return to his native Yichang.

As Jiang Juan's daughter ran through the empty terminal, she had no idea what was going on in Wuhan.

24 hours for the eastern pilot

"Hello Everyone! I am the captain of this flight, Yang Tao, and I am joined by Guo Qingxuan, Gu Gaofeng, Jiwenyuan, and 12 cabin colleagues! Today we will work together to bring everyone home. "

At 2:00 am on February 6, Yang Tao, the pilot of China Eastern's chartered flight from Singapore, finally lay on his bed. It's been nearly 24 hours since he last lay down.

At 11:15 on February 4, Yang Tao, who wanted to be a free ride for medical workers during the outbreak, received a wechat message, on February 5th he set off on a temporary flight to Florida, picking up stranded passengers from Wuhan.

At about the same time, two managers of China Eastern's in-flight services, Liu Shiying and Huang Jun, were told that they had been selected to fly to Singapore to pick up stranded passengers from Hubei Province.

After receiving the Task News, Liu Shiying, Huang Jun immediately rushed home to pack. Due to the flight required to wear protective clothing and post-separation, Huang chose comfortable and loose clothing, and said goodbye to his family.

In addition to her daily packing, Liu also packed her suitcase into what is now in short supply -- a mask. Liu Shiying told Caijing that if Singaporeans can not buy masks to board the plane, they can distribute them to passengers in need.

At 20 pm on February 4, Liu Shiying, Huang Jun and 12 other crew members arrived at the Pudong Base of China Eastern Airlines to stand by and receive protective clothing, diapers, goggles, sterile tissues and other supplies.

While the General Affairs team was on standby at the Pudong Base, Yang Tao was at home preparing for the flight. Yang Tao did not fly to Wuhan for a long time, in order to ensure the safety of the flight, Yang Tao repeatedly looked at the flight data in Wuhan, to study the weather. Yang wrote down 20 dos and doN'TS, with flight safety at the top of his list.

At 2:30 on February 5, Yang Tao got up and hurried to Pudong Airport. After the pre-flight preparation meeting, the crew of Flight MU799 had one more job to do: How to put on and off protective clothing.

At 0400 hours on February 5th, all crew members boarded and headed to the tarmac. After a simple breakfast on the plane, everyone got to work. At 0639 hours the plane took off from Pudong Airport.

Two hours before landing in Singapore, all crew members were fasting and water-free, in preparation for the next 12 hours.

At 12:01 on 5 February, the flight landed at Singapore Changi Airport. After the plane stopped, the crew began to wear diapers, protective clothing, and protective clothing on the back of the written "Wuhan refueling. ". Put on goggles, masks, put on a full set of equipment, Huang Jun said, from the sensible since, have not worn diapers.

The door slowly opened and passengers from Hubei Province, who had been stranded in Singapore for a long time, began to board the plane. A sound "welcome home" replaced the previous "welcome aboard" , which is Liu Shiying, Huang Junmen to the Hubei compatriots brought the first warmth.

After boarding 147 passengers from Hubei Province, Liu Shiying's suit was soaking wet. At 1332 hours it took off from Changi Airport.

After the plane landed in Wuhan, Liu Shiying, Huang Jun began to prepare to get off work. Because Wuhan Airport controls the passenger density, can only under five passengers at a time, this under the passenger appears unusually long.

Four hours later, all 147 were off the plane. After a brief disinfection, at 2227 hours on February 5, flight MU799 took off from Wuhan and flew to Shanghai. Before leaving the Wuhan Control Zone, co-pilot Jiwenyuan shouted over the radio: "Wuhan refueling. ".

February 5 at 23:28, the plane landed in Pudong Airport. After nearly 12 hours of wearing, Huang Jun took off his protective clothing and felt comfortable for a long time.

At 0045 hours on February 6, after disinfection and quarantine, Yang Tao and other crew members entered the isolation point. One day did not eat into the Water Yang to the family reported a safe after filling a few. At two o'clock in the morning Yang Tao finally lay down.

Pan Shengli, Jiang Juan and Wu Ren are aliases

Read more about the outbreak in pictures

Editor in chief | Lilijiang Jiang Jiang@caijing. COM.CN
This is an original article from CAIJING magazine, which can not be reproduced or mirrored without authorization. For reprinting, please leave a message at the end of the article to request and obtain authorization.

Editor in chief | Lilijiang Jiang Jiang@caijing. COM.CN

This is an original article from CAIJING magazine, which can not be reproduced or mirrored without authorization. For reprinting, please leave a message at the end of the article to request and obtain authorization.

Go to "discover"-"take a look" browse "friends watching"

Sent

####Send it to take a look

Sending

A scan of wechat
Pay attention to the account


-------------
title: The Hubei people stranded in Singapore went home by charter plane
source: cai-jing-za-zhi-/-cai-jing-shi-yi-ren
authors: _
editors: _
proofreader: _
photographer: _
translator: _
via: https://github.com/2019ncovmemory/nCovMemory
link: https://mp.weixin.qq.com/s/IqEbLY-TiU5dtFdO7mpVWg
archive: http://archive.today/gdPlM
snapshot: https://github.com/2019ncovmemory/nCovMemory/blob/master/archive/jpg/1664.jpg
lead: As the epidemic spread, Hubei residents who went abroad for Singapore before the Spring Festival missed their loved ones, but airlines stopped flying and their journey home took a turn for the better after several setbacks
cover: data:image/jpeg;base64,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
