##Small Fish Yi Lian Yuan Wenhui: Cloud Video Conference came into the wind, now a day equivalent to the past year

Micro-signal, Rancaijing

A feature presentation, a daily in depth report, redefines the innovation economy.

Original by ran CAIJING

Author | Yu Fan

Editor | Wei Jia

Affected by the outbreak, more than 200 million workers worked online in the first week after the holiday. This also let telecommuting this is not the hot industry quickly boarded the wind, which, the remote video conference has become a strong demand.

On February 13th, the online salon, the Financial Innovation Economic War Disease Project, launched its second phase -- as a way for business service entrepreneurs to get through the epidemic, zhu Xiaohu, managing partner of Jinsha River Venture capital, Wu Bing, founder and CEO  of graphite document, and Yuan Wenhui, co-founder and CEO  of Xiaoyu Yilian, shared the topic of business services in the financial community.

Yuan Wenhui said that under the epidemic situation, the demand of governments, schools and enterprises for video remote communication and cooperation has exploded. Since the first day of the Lunar New Year, Xiaoyuyilian has received three waves of demand, they come from governments, health boards and hospitals that have a lot of need for collaborative communication over long distances; educational institutions that need to teach online; and businesses that have to work from home.

As the demand for remote collaboration and communication has skyrocketed, giants such as tencent, Alibaba and Toutiao have all entered and spared no expense. In the face of such competition, Yuan Wenhui believes that the giant's free strategy has taught the entire market very well, for the development of the industry, is a huge catalyst.

However, during the epidemic, even those industries that are exposed to the wind have to think about how to live healthily. Yuan Wenhui's experience is that on the one hand, all the expenses that can be saved should be saved; on the other hand, Xiaoyuyilian sticks to his original strategy, cash resources are constantly replenished through profit leverage that encourages channels to make advances.

For "cloud video application of this sub-track, the epidemic brought is the vent or a flash in the PAN" , "entrepreneurs should seize this opportunity, " and other issues, Yuan Wenhui also made a share in the community.

The following is a summary of the content shared by Yuan Wenhui:

I thought, only To C business is likely To have a sharp growth situation, small fish easy To do is To b business, it is difficult To meet a rapid growth opportunity. However, due to the outbreak of the epidemic, the government, schools, enterprises on video remote communication cooperation needs to an explosive growth phase.

Over the past four years, Xiaoyuyilian has focused on resolving the pain points of video applications in various industries, especially the improvement of business processes and communication and collaboration among government departments, the scene of application such as Internet court, the prosecutor's Office of remote filing, etc. .

In recent days, people have had to study and work from home because of the epidemic, and the use of tencent's corporate wechat and tencent conferences, Ali's nails, and the headline flying book have exploded, small fish easy to connect and these applications focus on a different point. Audio and video are only a small part of these applications, and the Minnow solution complements them, targeting customers who have a higher demand for cloud video scenarios and quality.

From the beginning of the new year, small fish backstage received a business alert. The first wave of demand came from governments, health committees, and hospitals with a large need for collaborative long-distance communication after the outbreak began. Last year, Xiaoyu's plans, including hardware, cloud platforms and Saas Services, were rolled out to a number of ministries, provincial offices and regional counties.

Because of the first wave of demand from the government, we rapidly expanded our back office resources to match double the number of servers needed each day to keep up with business growth.

Then, on the third and fourth day of the New Year, the second wave of demand came from educational institutions. They have a lot of courses, in addition a lot of education commission, Education Bureau, Education Department, etc. Need to solve the problem of class after the end of the holiday, their communication from the offline emergency moved to the online.

The third wave of demand comes from businesses that have to work from home since February 10th. After the baptism of these three waves of demand, our cloud service background users have reached the level of million and million concurrent level.

In retrospect, the products we upgraded and built in-house last year are ready to shift from small and medium-sized SMB customers to large customers, including government affairs, central enterprises, state-owned enterprises and private enterprises in the head, to deal with the outbreak and the huge demand this year. Over the last few days, a lot of people have been talking about "Cottonwood everywhere. " . As a start-up, we don't have the resources of a giant, but with years of technology, we provide a full range of disease control solutions to provincial health committees and district and county governments.

Because the cost of educating users is too high, Xiaoyu, as a start-up, can not support the huge amount of traffic fees to provide services for free, so it only serves two kinds of users. One is through cooperation with other operators, volunteer for small offline classes at some schools. Second, focus on the online education of junior and senior high school students, because these schools have budgets and are willing to pay for high quality services.

This outbreak, we provide free 100 cloud conference room resources for enterprise users, many users in the end of the purchase of other small fish cloud resources. For now, sales in the first quarter of this year will be two to three times higher than in the first quarter of last year, depending on how the hardware supply chain recovers. Hopefully, the epidemic will be over soon, and we'll be able to go into full production.

Expansion is needed almost every day during the Spring Festival

Burning Finance: under the epidemic, many companies are worried about cash outflows, especially for To B projects. What's your cash flow? How to open source and reduce expenses in special period?

Yuan Wenhui: THE TO B business of Xiaoyu Yilian achieved a very big breakthrough last year, especially in government projects. We break through from the Ministry of the provincial department, and then through the old customers to find similar needs of customers, and continue to expand the circle. So we can take about a dozen ministries, small fish cloud video business platform has also entered hundreds of departments across the country's business processes.

In an epidemic, every CEO should be worried about cash flow. We've been cautious about this, because startups have limited capabilities and resources, and we want to save every penny we can. The plan we set out at the beginning of this year is to reduce costs by at least 10 per cent over last year. We didn't expect it at the time, but it was a cautious approach that allowed us to be in a more confident position during the outbreak.

Burning Finance: What is Your Business Model? What is the composition of hardware, software, and services?

Yuan Wenhui: Our Business Model is not quite the same as that of a general hardware business. Traditional hardware manufacturers, generally need to agents, dealers account period, so need a large amount of working capital to maintain business operations. Small Fish in the early stage of the establishment of a unique channel strategy, through the profit lever to encourage the channel to play advance payment. This approach keeps our cash flow very healthy.

Now, in the middle of an outbreak, we're GONNA have to save money, just as much as we can. We used to have sales offices in 28 cities across the country. After the outbreak, all of our employees worked from home, including ME, sales and R & D. We can save a lot of money by simply eliminating offices that have expired all over the country. On the other hand, our sales are actually growing, so we continue with the original strategy of allowing sales to recover and constantly replenish cash resources.

In the To B business, it's hard To get customers for free and then convert them To paying customers, at least in China, which I think is a big challenge. So we've been thinking about the commercialization route since the beginning of the business. Consumers in China are more likely to buy something tangible, so we've taken a unique and even bizarre approach to pushing Saas Services with hardware and packaging Saas services with hardware, push through channels to end customers.

It's hard to close a deal if you're selling Saas directly to your customers in the first year, but if you're selling tangible hardware and you're telling them to give away the cloud for free in the first year, they're going to feel like they're taking advantage, feel the work efficiency enhancement, saved the business trip expense, the second year renewal fee is very simple matter. This model leverages the benefits of China's traditional offline channels, while also waiting for users to be educated, experienced, and able to pay for online Saas Services.

Burning Finance and Economics: The surge in demand in a short period of time will certainly bring some problems that have not been encountered before. How did you solve them?

Yuan Wenhui: Demand is skyrocketing in a short period of time. At present, the daily traffic of paying users is equivalent to the traffic of the past one or two months. Of course, due to limited resources, we are free customers can provide limited services. If we were to offer free services to our customers without any restrictions, I would estimate that there would be tens of millions of concurrent requests and tens of millions or even hundreds of millions of users.

On the one hand, as demand surges, we have to keep buying more and more cloud resources to keep expanding capacity. So the R & D team is busier than usual during the Spring Festival and needs to expand almost every day.

On the other hand, the challenge comes from customers who demand high quality. In addition to the Saas services they require, they also require dedicated video conferencing terminals, which poses a major challenge to the supply chain. Cloud services can get more with a few keystrokes, but the hardware requires raw materials and a factory to make it. And because of the epidemic, Plant start-up delay, we are also looking for ways to get the supply chain up and running as soon as possible to meet the growing demand of users.

Before the factory starts, our supply chain team is also busy during the Spring Festival, order in advance or get goods in advance, do a good start-up plan.

Burning Finance and Economics: What is the most important thing to the Small Fish Yilian now? It's important to pace yourself when opportunities arise. What are your plans for the future?

Yuan Wenhui: for Small Fish Yilian, the most important thing now is still to serve good core customers, especially benchmark customers. They are very demanding in terms of quality, reliability of service, and user experience. Usually we have a video conference, and if it breaks down, it breaks down, but if it happens during the trial, or if Cottonwood, the witness is missing a part of his testimony, it's very serious.

I now say to the team that this day is the equivalent of the past year. Because in the past, when we were expanding many customers, it might take a year to convert a customer, but because of the recent changes, we went to visit customers again, regardless of the county government or private enterprises, basically the same day to do a presentation to explain, the next day to start the trial, or even start to walk the contract, which in the past is unimaginable. Because they have the experience of working from home now, they are more receptive to many options.

In fact, the current business growth, our company and process, is not too big challenge, of course, in Saas Expansion of the R & D team has to pay a lot of. Our company-wide staff grew 100% in 2019, from more than 200 to more than 500 people, was expected to fight a hard battle in 2020, the result encountered a new situation change, just met the catalyst of this industry.

The giant's free strategy has educated the market very well

Burning Finance and Economics: What do you think of Zoom?

Yuan Wenhui: Zoom is a very excellent cloud video tool. There's a lot of respect and recognition between me and the team and the founders, and we talked about how we could work together two months ago. Zoom has been a considerable success in the United States, with a market capitalization of more than $20 billion.

What we have in common with Zoom is that we both provide a solution for video conferencing. The difference is that Zoom is designed and iterated for customers in the United States, and little fish is prepared for the Chinese market, both ceos and front line employees communicate on an equal footing, but in China, more business leaders need to sit in a conference room with professional hardware and better meeting quality when meeting with their employees.

Another difference is, in the United States, everyone holds a meeting by mail appointment, in China, everyone holds a meeting by Wechat appointment, which needs to be based on the market, according to the different needs of customers, in the product shows the difference.

Technically, everybody's doing really well. The United States network is relatively good, so its degree of optimization, for network packet loss adaptation requirements, and China is not the same. China has seven or eight Internet, the bandwidth between different operators is limited, network packet loss often occurs, small fish in anti-packet loss ability, in the peer is doing better.

Burn Finance: In the Cloud Video Conference area, there are many strong players are competing for this opportunity, you would worry about the giant use of free strategy to capture the market?

Yuan Wenhui: During the epidemic, people worked from home, and the demand for remote collaboration and communication skyrocketed, so the giants all came in, including tencent, Ali and Toutiao, and each of them spared no expense. I estimate that each cloud service alone charges tens of millions or even hundreds of millions of dollars in traffic. Of course, the impact of their marketing brand is huge, but I don't think they will take over our market, because we do things differently from them.

And of course there's a common thread, everyone has a pure Saas service that lets users do video conferencing from their phones and computers. But we're targeting valuable customers, big B's, educational institutions, the top 100 from across the country, who are more demanding in terms of quality and stability, and who will continue to use valuable services and hardware after the epidemic is over.

Burning Finance: the opportunity is true or false tuyere, there will be sustained demand or a flash in the PAN, what is your judgment?

Yuan Wenhui: Actually, the free strategy of the giant has educated the whole market very well and let more people experience the convenience and value of cloud video, but now people working from home, wait until after the outbreak when the real use of video conferencing will feel, or need a professional video terminal to improve the quality of the meeting. That's when we're in a very good position.

Now there are reports that 200 million people are using nails to work remotely every day, and tencent is urgently expanding its capacity to 100,000 servers for remote meetings. Personally, I think most of the demand will disappear after the epidemic is over. The biggest users are primary and secondary school students, who will return to school after the outbreak and will no longer use live streaming, and those who are now working from home will return to their offices after the outbreak has passed, the need for software for daily meetings will be drastically reduced.

However, there will be a large number of users, experience the benefits, if there is a need to communicate and collaborate, will continue to use cloud video technology. Therefore, this is an opportunity for education for the whole society, for the development of the whole market, is definitely a huge catalyst.

In the midst of an epidemic,

It's impossible to get a lot of customers through free traffic

Finance and Economics: The 238 Saas  Companies Open letter, which was posted on the Internet recently, mentions that the explosion of demand for online operations has triggered unprecedented pressure on operating costs, and every business has to endure the brutal reality of a massive contraction in planned revenues. What advice do you have for these businesses?

Yuan Wenhui: Yes, the emergence of the epidemic makes all enterprises face huge challenges, especially To b services, but also in the initial stage, the service target is mainly SMB these enterprises. In the next few months, everyone's SMB customers are facing their own survival pressure, payment is very difficult. In this case, we need to open the source of savings, the cost savings can be cut. We were lucky, because we made changes ahead of time and moved to bigger customers, who had more ability to pay.

If we can have the opportunity to find a group of really have the ability to pay big customers, there is a better chance of survival. In the short term, I think we must grasp the big picture, as far as possible to have the ability to pay, willing to pay customers, to serve them well. The idea of getting a large number of customers through free traffic, as it used to be, is out of the question at this stage, because the survival of those customers is such a huge problem that you can't afford to grow your business down the line.

We focus on the rich customers, we focus on the paying customers, and we create value for them, so that we can hope to further develop our business. For customers who are not willing to pay, we should give up at this stage, and at the same time, we should reduce expenses.

Burn Finance: Besides Cloud Video, what do you think are the next big developments in the business services segment?

Yuan Wenhui: Like the graphite document this track, the electronic signature, this kind of track which can really solve everybody's actual problem in the remote work, will certainly have the very good development. This outbreak is just an attempt to try out a better solution, and in fact, even in the absence of an outbreak, it can really solve the pain point, industries and racetracks that offer added value to businesses are sure to see huge growth.

* Some of the questions are from members of the financial and Economic Community. To Quote Salon, please note that this is from the online salon of the Innovative Economic Warfare Project of Finance and Economics.

Have you tried cloud video conferencing? How did it go?

You are welcome to leave your story in the comments area. Please Click on the "reprint cooperation" in the public menu to reprint the article.

First-hand Information / Hard Core Report / daily Red Envelope / offline activities! All that's missing is you! Speed Up Wechat rancaijing02 reply "reader" one button on the car!

Have you tried cloud video conferencing? How did it go?

You are welcome to leave your story in the comments area. Please Click on the "reprint cooperation" in the public menu to reprint the article.

First-hand Information / Hard Core Report / daily Red Envelope / offline activities! All that's missing is you! Speed Up Wechat rancaijing02 reply "reader" one button on the car!

I think I'm watching it

WECHAT SWEEPS UP Praise for author

####Send it to the author

People Admire

Long-press the QR code to transfer the funds to me

Under apple's new rules, wechat's iOS version of the APP has been turned off to support public accounts through Qr code transfers.

Go to "discover"-"take a look" browse "friends watching"

Sent

####Send it to take a look

Sending

A scan of wechat
Pay attention to the account


-------------
title: Small Fish Yi Lian Yuan Wenhui: Cloud Video Conference came into the wind, now a day equivalent to the past year
source: Burning Finance
authors: _
editors: _
proofreader: _
photographer: _
translator: _
via: https://github.com/2019ncovmemory/nCovMemory
link: https://mp.weixin.qq.com/s/WNKDxrhZECcTwQUFr2jSgg
archive: http://archive.ph/ZxOC7
snapshot: https://github.com/2019ncovmemory/nCovMemory/blob/master/archive/jpg/1467.jpg
lead: The giant's free strategy educates the market and is a huge catalyst for industry growth.
cover: data:image/jpeg;base64,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
