##If it's all right with you, I'd like to send some roses to grandma for GRANDPA

Micro signal

Function description, we are with you in this battle

In the early morning hours of February 10, the first seven days of his life, I lit three cigarettes for him at the Isolation Hotel, knocked three times on his head, and begged him to protect his beloved grandmother in the spirit of Heaven.

By Wu Meifen

Rhubarb, a 26-year-old musician with a local band in Wuhan. His parents left early because of illness. He grew up with his grandparents. In late January, after his grandparents became infected with COVID-19, he took on the sole responsibility of caring for the 80 year old, risking his life and staying in the hospital with them.

I got in touch with rhubarb on February 2, when he was still working on his grandparents'hospitalization, and I have been accompanying and encouraging him through wechat over the past 10 days, as well as witnessing the process of him seeking medical care for his grandparents in the hospital.

On Feb. 3, Rhubarb's grandfather died of new pneumonia, a news he has yet to share with his grandmother, who is still in the hospital. Even from a distance, I could feel his anxiety in the hospital -- as if he didn't want to give up his grandparents, who couldn't take care of themselves, and was afraid he might get infected.

On February 13, Rhubarb was interviewed by me as a family member after adjustment in the quarantined hotel.

Here's what he said:

If it's all right with you, I'd like to send some roses to grandma for GRANDPA

Today is Valentine's Day, in the friend circle sees like this two photographs: "regardless, maintains the romantic. "

"No matter what, stay romantic. "

They two are the baby kiss, since childhood, together have more than 80 spring and autumn. GRANDPA quietly support the family all his life, take care of grandma, earn money, cooking, housework is basically GRANDPA in doing, he loves my grandma.

In this epidemic, if GRANDPA did not leave first, the hospital may not pay attention to grandma, for her to arrange hospitalization. Grandma was the happiest woman.

Before the hospital, grandma and GRANDPA together for the Spring Festival dumplings in the refrigerator, I ate some, still some. And now she's in the hospital, and I want to eat with her when she gets out.

When I was four years old, my father died of a brain tumor. It was difficult for my mother to take me alone, so she left me with my grandparents. Senior Year of high school, my mom died of illness. I grew up with my grandparents. They were the only family I had. After graduating from college, I worked outside, no longer live with my grandparents, but occasionally go home to see.

I always like to talk with my grandma when I come home. She often tells me things about their youth. GRANDPA doesn't talk much. He works quietly. GRANDPA is a virgo, do everything perfectly, especially capable. He's been taking care of her the whole time.

December twenty-eight, I went home for the New Year. Grandma had a fever for a few days. She didn't tell me, and I didn't notice anything unusual. It wasn't until that night, when I saw GRANDPA take grandma's temperature with a thermometer, that I realized grandma had a fever.

Their awareness of the epidemic prevention is relatively weak, although I have been calling them to try not to go out, but I guess they did not take it seriously, or go out to buy New Year. I took the chance that my grandparents had only gone out once, and that they were in their 80s, and couldn't have gone very far, except in the market near my home, where it wasn't so easy to catch COVID-19.

After two days, grandma didn't get better. New Year's Day at noon, have been taking care of grandma's GRANDPA suddenly said no, a little strength is gone, cold all over. He couldn't get out of bed.

It was then that I realized that my grandmother might have contracted COVID-19 pneumonia and passed it on to my grandfather. I took GRANDPA's temperature at once and found that GRANDPA was running a fever.

I called my relatives and contacted the community to see if a car could be sent to the hospital for examination. Wuhan had just been sealed off, and the city was so chaotic it was impossible to get around, and there were no cars in the neighborhood. I called 120, couldn't get through, then called 110, and 110 replied that he couldn't come without his suit.

We had to walk to the Community Hospital, two elderly people holding, walking for about 20 minutes, especially hard. Around 3:00 pm to the Community Hospital, Registration Queue, the doctor said grandparents fever, community hospital can not see, to go directly to the hospital. I called the community leaders to communicate, and finally the Community Hospital to see a doctor, prescribed some medicine.

We live on the 10th floor of an old building, and the elevator is guarded by someone who closes it after work. We got home at 7:30 p.m. the elevator had stopped. I did not take care of the elevator operator's phone, no way, can only climb the stairs, two elderly people go to the hospital on foot, back to climb 10 floors, coupled with illness and physical weakness, really spent a lot of physical strength.

From that day on, grandma and GRANDPA's condition gradually deteriorated.

On January 26, I contacted 120 and took them to the designated Hankou Hospital. The doctor prescribed the medicine for three days and did not arrange for hospitalization. Just that without a nucleic acid test to confirm, there is no way to arrange admission to the hospital, from the CT look is COVID-19 infection, let grandma and GRANDPA take medicine back to eat, enhance nutrition.

It took six or seven hours of waiting in line, checking in, waiting for the results, and didn't end until midnight. When we got home, the elevator stopped again and we climbed another ten flights of stairs.

The two old people see a doctor the flow is very complicated, extremely difficult, expends the massive physical strength, the condition further worsens, did not obtain the prompt treatment.

After three days of taking the medicine, they didn't get any better. On January 29, GRANDPA was so upset that he shouted "uncomfortable" . I took his temperature. It was 102.

I knew it wasn't going to work, so I contacted the community. The community arranged a car for us to take my grandparents to the Union hospital. There were so many people in the hospital, they were so full, they couldn't even get a number. The nurse said, "the fever clinic is finished today. You can't wait here all day. Come back tomorrow. ".

I certainly will not take the grandparents back, because the two old people were sick to the hospital. We'll just sit and wait in the hospital clinic. At least we'll be safe there.

The grandparents waited from noon until eight or nine o'clock in the evening, a little less crowded. I went to the doctor for mercy, hope not to register can also help grandma and GRANDPA see a doctor. The doctor was nice enough to help.

The doctor checked grandma and GRANDPA's blood and CT, and they're pretty sure it's infected, but we still have to do the nucleic acid test, and he gave us a list, and he told me to get in line at 7:00 the next morning, because the nucleic acid test is limited, and then we don't do it.

Luckily, grandma fell asleep that night

On January 30th, we queued up early in the morning for a nucleic acid test and waited until 2:30 pm to do it. On February 1st, around 10 AM, my mobile phone received nucleic acid test results, grandparents are positive. I told the community, the community that day at two or three o'clock in the afternoon, we sent a Red Cross hospital admission notice.

At that time, the community told me that with the admission notice can be admitted to hospital, and arranged for a car to take us to the Red Cross hospital. There was a guard at the hospital gate with a list in his hand, and he checked it, but he couldn't see my grandparents'names, so he wouldn't let us in.

We're just GONNA have to sit outside the hospital.

I forced my grandparents into the hospital. I thought if I got in, I'd have a list and I'd be in the hospital. Actually, no. With the list, you can just go to the hospital and get checked out.

On February 2nd, we waited in the hospital until 11:00 at night, and no one cared. We just sat there. I think the community's information is unreliable, and we're on our own.

I ran to the clinic to find a doctor, the doctor said that the clinic has been confirmed out of control, to the emergency department to find an emergency doctor. I quickly ran to the emergency department, to see there are no doctors, only a nurse, doctors are to rescue patients.

About two hours later, the emergency doctor came to prescribe the medicine, to grandparents arranged to stay in the hospital observation, in the bench to play the bottle.

Grandma and GRANDPA in the hospital injection, brought their own small stool is a heart-shaped

I was the only one in the hospital watching them, grandpa cold, grandma kept breathing, can not walk, go to the toilet must be taken to. GRANDPA also fell down in the hospital toilet once, squatting down can not get up.

It wasn't a day or two when I wanted to watch, and sitting wasn't an option, so I thought about folding beds or recliners. Then the community helped me get two recliners for the hospital aisle, with oxygen tanks next to it. The tanks were heavy, and I helped them lay down their recliners, lifting them until their hearts beat faster and their lungs ached from breathing.

On the night of February 3rd, I couldn't hold out much longer. Have not slept a day and a night, especially tired, can not sleep, also do not dare to sleep, for fear of falling asleep, grandparents have things can not call a doctor in time.

This night, grandma and GRANDPA are panting, panting, panting, panting, I looked particularly distressed.

Grandma and GRANDPA are asleep in the hallway

Another patient tripped over an oxygen tank as he passed, and the oxygen kept coming out, but three nurses rushed over and solved the crisis.

At 9 p.m. , GRANDPA was acting a little strange, moaning and groaning. The doctor said that the old man infected with the virus to the end, the brain hypoxia injury nerve is like this, let me prepare mentally, and then walked away.

At 22 o'clock, grandma and GRANDPA were assigned to different beds, GRANDPA went to the emergency room bed, at that time I knew. Because I saw a bunch of people being carried out of there.

Grandma and GRANDPA were in the hospital on February 3

There were a lot of patients in the emergency room, and there were bodies at the door, wrapped in white cloth, waiting for the funeral home to come the next day and take them away.

Two old people need shots, and I have to run both ways. One side is the grandfather is dying, delirious nonsense, need a doctor to rescue. One side is grandma to go to the toilet, I can not let her know GRANDPA's situation, very anxious, but can only pretend to be calm to chat with her. Tell her it's GonNa be okay. It's GONNA be okay.

I also in the heart to cheer myself: "Many people go, relatives are not around, can not look at each other, grandparents, at least I am. Nothing, no regrets. "

That night, the doctor told me that if GRANDPA died, he would not take cardiopulmonary resuscitation measures, because a press, the virus all out, but not safe. He also said the old man was basically beyond saving at this point. The doctor was there to keep me mentally prepared.

I could only wait in silence until about 4:06 am on February 3rd when my grandfather left.

Luckily, grandma fell asleep that night, and I was able to stay with GRANDPA the whole time.

I'M NOT GONNA give up

That day, because of the death of GRANDPA, the doctor took care of us to arrange for grandma in hospital. The wards in the hospital building are not what I expected. I saw CCTV report on the hospital ward is the kind of glass isolation, one person to care for two patients that kind.

The hospitals here are nothing like the ones.

At the time, I thought grandma was in the hospital, under guard, so I could quarantine her.

It's just a regular ward, really. Grandma can not take care of themselves, no one to take care of, I do not trust, had to stay hard-headed. I was forced into the ward, and the doctors wouldn't let me stay there, and they said they'd kick me out if they found me with my mask off.

I was thinking, how am I supposed to eat and drink water if I can't take off my mask? But I still can not go, grandma eat, injection, go to the toilet need someone to watch, I can not go away.

GRANDPA's gone, and I can't let grandma know. When I feed my grandma, she asks him if he's had any food or water. I said to her, GRANDPA is better than you, stable, you should eat and drink, do not worry about him so much.

The Ward is divided into male and female levels, male level, female level, sometimes I feed grandma after eating, or help her to go to the toilet, I will deliberately say, you sleep, I went to Grandpa to see. Then I'd walk out of the room, walk around the hospital aisle or whatever, and come back.

I didn't want to scare her with the news of her grandfather's death. I encouraged her and didn't put too much pressure on her. I keep telling her, eat your food, take your medicine, you'll be fine. And she's been holding on, not scaring herself.

On February 4th, I was in the hospital for four consecutive days, no protective clothing, just a mask.

Rhubarb's with grandma

The hospital prepared rice for each patient, with the ward aunt every time with the doctor to ask for an extra meal to me, the nurse took the initiative to share rice to me over the next few days. The first two days did not eat, eat is my classmates in Wuhan to send instant noodles and drinks.

Enough to eat, but not too convenient, because the mask can not be taken off. I found a corner of the hospital where I felt safe, took off my mask and ate it.

It's probably psychological. I'm starting to feel a burning sensation in my Bronchi. It hurts to breathe in. Maybe I wore the mask too long, and it got stuffy, and I was a little scared. I took a thermometer, it was 37.2 degrees, I asked the doctor if this is a fever, he said no fever, but also pay attention.

I wanted to do a CT scan in the hospital temporarily, but the doctor said to inform the community to the opposite hospital to do the test.

I wore my mask for four days, barely taking it off, the elastic tight and burning. I really wanted to take off my mask, rest my ears, and get some sleep. But I can't, because grandma can't take care of herself, can't leave. I felt so disappointed, so helpless, I felt like I was going to die.

February 5, I was in the hospital for the Fifth Day, my grandmother's condition finally a little better, the initiative to eat food, eat a steamed stuffed bun, drink a lot of water, but also played immunoglobulin. I was finally able to get some sleep myself, and I took some anti-infection medication.

I was really grateful, at that time I said to myself, after the outbreak of a good life, grandma is not put me, I hope I can have a good life.

A lot of people have advised me, said grandma is so old, completely on their own, I have to go to quarantine, to protect themselves. A relative also told me: "You have to save yourself, you are the only child in the family, if you fall, what to do? To think about it. You come out to save yourself, the family will not blame you. "

Two days ago the hospital can also normal access, then suddenly sealed the door, family members can not enter. Once I was locked out and couldn't get in. I begged the gatekeepers to let me in, saying that my grandparents could not take care of themselves and that I must go in.

He said it was up to you. You're a normal person, full of sick people, you go in, you don't come out. Get yourself ready. I was determined to get in there, infected or not.

I know what they're saying, but in front of patients, in front of grandparents who can't take care of themselves, you don't just walk away. If I leave now, I'm giving up their lives. I'M NOT GONNA give up.

On February 7th, the seventh day of my stay in the hospital, I began to feel feverish and exhausted. The doctor advised me to go to quarantine, said grandma Dead Tone, there is no need to catch me. Grandma's got nurses to take care of her. They'll do whatever they have to do.

I finally figured it out, told grandma a lot of details to pay attention to, and went home. I told grandma, must take medicine, must eat, oxygen mask can not take off, eat and drink don't get out of bed. No medicine, no medicine, no oxygen or you die.

When grandma heard that, she kept saying, "okay, okay, okay. ". Grandma really wanted to live, and she was so confident, she didn't say anything.

She told me to go home and clean out the food and the bowls and stuff, because we left home in such a hurry that we didn't pack anything.

Dumplings made by grandma and GRANDPA for the Spring Festival

When I left, I said to myself: "I really have no way, grandma, you alone to survive, you said you want to see me pick up daughter-in-law that you must see. "

Now I'm quarantining at the Quarantine Hotel set up by the community. Sometimes I talk to grandma on the phone, she still has more strength to speak, not very weak. Today is already 25 days, the grandmother has the perseverance, also perseveres.

POSTSCRIPT:

Rhubarb told me that after GRANDPA left, he had a lot of complaints and even thought about doing something destructive. Later, with the support and encouragement of netizens from all over the country, his discontent slowly subsided.

He said the outbreak would bring us closer together. I am glad to see a young man with filial piety and courage, who, in the company of others, has renewed his hope for a better life and is doing his best to change the world. I guess that's what's so special about this Valentine's Day. The world has its own true feelings, no matter how difficult, we can go forward hand in hand.

("Rhubarb" is an alias)

"related articles"

Diary of the Infected Area I

We are Wuhan citizens and want to do something for the city

Ambulance 120, patient and doctor at speed

"We live in the same house but we can't see each other. "

"Who are we? "

We're an independent documentary team. 17 Yunlin Street

To document what's going on

The truest sight in the land

"CALL FOR APPLICATIONS"

We would like to invite you to participate in our creation,

To provide us with a first-hand account of local residents in Hubei

How are cities and communities disinfected?

What was the street outside the window like at that moment?

What is your home life like after the exit is closed?

Anything you filmed during the outbreak

We'd love to hear from you

"submission method"

To email: 774217664@qq. Com

Mark "video submission" and leave your contact information

(please give a brief introduction in the body of the email

Time of each video)

You can also add our staff of Wechat

15827608198

For more information and answers to questions

"contact us. "

Welcome to care about the Wuhan epidemic and "17 Yunlin Street" you

INTO OUR WECHAT group

Backstage message, "enter the group. "

Add volunteers to wechat

Go to "discover"-"take a look" browse "friends watching"

Sent

####Send it to take a look

Sending

Leave a message

A scan of wechat
Pay attention to the account


-------------
title: If it's all right with you, I'd like to send some roses to grandma for GRANDPA
source: yun-lin-jie-shi-qi-hao
authors: _
editors: _
proofreader: _
photographer: _
translator: _
via: https://github.com/2019ncovmemory/nCovMemory
link: https://mp.weixin.qq.com/s/eldCWyzDgY5A5ngD4EHl1Q
archive: http://archive.ph/y2ubh
snapshot: https://github.com/2019ncovmemory/nCovMemory/blob/master/archive/jpg/1154.jpg
lead: "No matter what, stay romantic. "
cover: data:image/jpeg;base64,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
