##Can personal information be misused as Health Code helps fight epidemic?

I-CAIJING

CAIJING magazine official Wechat. "CAIJING" magazine, sponsored by the China Securities Market Research Center, was first published in 1998, adhering to the news concept of "independence, exclusiveness and originality" , and is known for authoritative, impartial and professional reporting, it is a must-read publication for policy-makers, researchers and managers in the field of politics and economics.

The following article is from the e method of Finance and economics, written by Yao Jiaying

The e-law of Finance and economics is an original content brand derived from CAIJING magazine. We focus on rule of law, governance and ethics in the Internet industry.

Relying on the data sharing support of the National Integrated Government Affairs Service Platform, the popularization and application of electronic health certificate will test the government's data governance ability. Can the requirement of precise epidemic prevention become the opportunity to break down the digital barrier? How to ensure personal information security? The various epidemic service small procedure, after the epidemic will still have the use of space?

By Yao Jiaying, CAIJING correspondent

Editor | Zhu Tao

"everyone is fighting over the mask in the 'Sui Kang' mini-program, and we wish we could run faster, " said a product manager at tencent cloud. Only the mask booking function, tencent team will be completed in two days to complete the booking process, offline pharmacy with the program, user notification and other design.

On January 31, tencent launched Sui Kang, an official outbreak service for the city of Guangzhou. The one-week development cycle of the service was shortened to three days, providing functions such as outbreak reporting, mask booking and online consultation. In this epidemic prevention and control, similar small government procedures are not rare, digital government technology with accelerated development.

The health code is one of the common functions of such outbreak service subroutines. Through self-declaration of health information, the public can obtain the health code which reflects the health condition, and pass through the community, office building, traffic entrance, etc. . In the early days of the epidemic, health codes helped prevent the spread of the virus by filling out information offline, a change from the government's Human wave attack practice of screening patients; as the epidemic was initially brought under control, health code to track the trip of staff, close contact with colleagues, such as self-check functions also help enterprises to resume production.

Tencent's "anti-epidemic Health Code" has been launched in Beijing, Guangdong, Sichuan, Yunnan and Tianjin for more than a month, thanks to Wechat's 1.1 billion monthly users, a national APP. It has been launched in nearly 20 province-level division, covering more than 300 cities and counties such as Guangzhou, Wuhan and Fuzhou, with a total of 2.5 billion person-times and a total population of 900 million, with a total of over 8 billion visitors, it is the health code with the largest number of users. Guangdong, Sichuan, Chongqing and other places have preliminary mutual recognition of Health Code, people only need to carry out a health certification, then one code access.

Although the mutual recognition of health codes among provinces and cities is accelerating, the conditions for the national unification of health codes are not yet ripe. On March 7, Yang Wenzhuang, director of the population and Family Department of the National Health Commission, said that due to the different risk levels, response levels and prevention and control requirements in different provinces, health code generation standards vary from place to place, health Code can not track the applicant's subsequent health and other reasons, one code access conditions are not yet mature.

Relying on the data sharing support of the National Integrated Government Service Platform, the promotion and application of the electronic health certificate represented by tencent health code actually tests the government's data governance ability. Can the requirement of precise epidemic prevention become the turning point to break down the digital barrier? After large-scale collection of personal information, how to ensure the security of personal information? Will the various outbreak service subroutines be useful after the outbreak?

It's too early to break through the data barrier

With the acceleration of the resumption of work and production, the cross-regional population flow has brought new challenges to epidemic prevention and control. It can be noted that various localities are gradually implementing mutual recognition mechanisms for health monitoring based on health codes through such forms as memoranda of cooperation on Labour services.

On March 11, Shandong Province issued a document to unify the health code standards, first realizing mutual recognition with 14 provinces (cities and districts) including Beijing, Tianjin and Hebei. At present, Guangdong, Sichuan and Chongqing have realized mutual recognition of health codes, and Zhejiang and Henan provinces have realized mutual recognition. In addition, beijing-tianjin-hebei mutual recognition of health code is also accelerating.

The health code has become a symbol used for identification and early warning of health risks during epidemic prevention. Its functions, such as tracing personal itineraries, inquiring information about people in close contact and so on, involve multi-level governments and span different departments, including Weijian, railway, public security, politics and law, etc. .

Tencent told the CAIJING reporter that based on the National Integrated Government Affairs Service Platform Epidemic Prevention Health Information Code Interface Standard, we are promoting mutual trust and recognition between the National Integrated Government Affairs Service Platform "Epidemic Prevention Health Information Code" and health codes across the country, "In the epidemic prevention and control, different departments in their respective areas of responsibility is different, so we need to combine multiple data, data fusion and standardization. ".

Does the harmonization of data standards at all levels of government and across departments and the sharing of databases on confirmed, suspected cases, close contacts, and county risk levels mean that data barriers are being broken down?

"emergencies have relevance, and only when Boundaries and barriers are broken down can linkage mechanisms be formed to deal with emergencies. However, this case does not mean that the data barriers between regions and departments are gradually breaking through, and the main factors that hinder the sharing of information resources between regions and departments, such as system, mechanism and interests, have not been fundamentally solved. In addition to the work related to epidemic prevention and control, there are still different degrees of fragmentation and non-sharing of information resources, " Cai Lihui, dean of the Jinan University and a member of the Guangdong Expert Committee on "digital government" reform and construction, told CAIJING.

Due to the fragmentation mechanism of division and fragmentation, and the existence of administrative barriers among local governments, data barriers have always been a major obstacle to the improvement of the government's ability to manage data, causes the data standard to differ, the Development Utilization Degree is not high and so on the question.

"Data sharing means that all citizens have equal access to the same data. Therefore, access to and sharing of data is related to authority and identity and to the protection of civil rights. To realize data sharing, we need to solve four levels of problems: one is to unify data standards, two is to have the technical support to realize data sharing, three is to clarify the rights, obligations and interests of data from collection and storage to use, and four is the institutional mechanism,"Cai Lihui told CAIJING.

From applications to mutual recognition, health codes are backed by algorithms and huge databases. How will the personal information collected during this outbreak be used? How to ensure personal information security?

Data protection: clarify the power and responsibility of government and enterprises

Health Code in filling out the declaration process, including too much personal information, such as ID card number, how to ensure that this information is not abused, is also a matter of great concern to the public.

At the government level, there are rules for the collection, storage and use of data. Take "Jiankangbao" in Beijing as an example, the principle of minimum information collection is implemented, only the ID card number and face are collected, and all data are deleted and reset within 24 hours, and the 24-hour storage is implemented national information security three-level protection.

Wang Xinrui, a senior partner at Beijing Anli Law Firm who was involved in the formulation of compliance for the protection of personal information in the development of enterprise health codes, told Caijing that a basic problem in the process of compliance formulation is that, the rights and obligations of both government and enterprise should be defined. "What should be the respective commitments of governments and companies to prevent the misuse of information? What should be their roles? These should be clearly defined. ".

According to the EU's general data protection regulation (GDPR) , which came into force in 2018, different subjects are classified around data sharing and processing, one is the data controller and the other is the data processor.

To allow, executive director of the Beijing University of International Business and Economics, told Caijing that in this epidemic, the government is the data controller and has the purpose of data collection, the Enterprise is the data processor, following the instructions of the controller, collecting, saving and processing data.

According to the CAIJING reporter, the Health Code actually integrates personal health data collected through multiple channels, including community, hospital and even government data in addition to self-reporting. So in this epidemic prevention, government departments to what extent to share data with enterprises?

"In this epidemic prevention, enterprises only played the role of technical services, the main role is still the government, even if enterprises have access to government data, they can only be used in the context of epidemic prevention and control, " Wang told Caijing.

The license says that if the company violates its commitment to keep the data privately or use it for other purposes, it will be held liable. "If a company keeps private data, then it becomes a data controller. For the controller, the data should be processed and used with the consent of the data subject. If the company does not have the data, it will bear a series of responsibilities for violating the personal information protection regulations, " Xu told CAIJING.

The Future of Health Code?

It can be noted that in this epidemic, many local governments based on epidemic prevention needs, quickly establish online epidemic service platform to reach the people, rapid collection of health information.

"although some local governments have previously cooperated with our online government services, overall, 30 to 40 percent of local governments are using the WECHAT APP for the first time based on the need for epidemic prevention and control, " said a tencent official. At present, tencent is still in the process of developing the mini-program on the epidemic situation of government affairs.

According to Caijing, taking tencent as an example, it takes at least 30 people to develop a small epidemic service program, and the cost "is not one hundred thousand can fix. ". After the outbreak, how will the government and businesses invest in the huge online epidemic service platform? What should we pay attention to?

Zhenjiang officials said plans were under way to develop the outbreak service platform as an entry point for Zhenjiang citizens to conduct their daily business. "For example, real estate transfer appointment, registration, traffic violation processing, Enterprise Declaration, collection of Provident Fund, etc. . And in the process of using this epidemic prevention, most of the public have experience in using wechat small programs, the latter rich functions, we will not encounter many problems in the early days."

It can be noted that there are some real problems caused by the loopholes in the assessment of Health Code. On March 11, a patient in Wuhan, Hubei Province, who had been discharged from the hospital after being cured of new coronavirus pneumonia because the health code still showed a red code, even after presenting his discharge documents, nucleic acid test report and release certificate before boarding the plane, the answer was still a staff member's "nothing useful, we only recognize the health code" .

Wang Xinrui said that due to the epidemic prevention emergency, health code rushed online, there are all kinds of loopholes understandable, but as the epidemic has been gradually controlled, attention should be paid to avoid all kinds of unreasonable rules embedded in such products. "For example, the Red Code Green Code Yellow Code, must be able to explain what the mechanism is, what factors will affect the assessment, to avoid many unreasonable 'one-size-fits-all' approach embedded algorithm, the judgment by a person can be discussed, but we can not question the machine, " Wang told Caijing.

Tencent also said: "enterprises or mainly to serve the needs of the government. ". "We understand that some cities will consider this as a platform to meet the needs of the government, businesses and people in the future, " he said

Regarding the future use of the epidemic situation service platform, Wang Xinrui said that if the issue concerning people's basic rights is not assessed very strictly, we should pay attention to avoid letting the algorithm make judgments.

Read more about the outbreak in pictures

Editor in chief | Lilijiang Jiang Jiang@caijing. COM.CN
This is an original article from CAIJING magazine, which can not be reproduced or mirrored without authorization. For reprinting, please leave a message at the end of the article to request and obtain authorization.

Editor in chief | Lilijiang Jiang Jiang@caijing. COM.CN

This is an original article from CAIJING magazine, which can not be reproduced or mirrored without authorization. For reprinting, please leave a message at the end of the article to request and obtain authorization.

Go to "discover"-"take a look" browse "friends watching"

Sent

####Send it to take a look

Sending

A scan of wechat
Pay attention to the account


-------------
title: Can personal information be misused as Health Code helps fight epidemic?
source: cai-jing-za-zhi-/-cai-jing-shi-yi-ren
authors: _
editors: _
proofreader: _
photographer: _
translator: _
via: https://github.com/2019ncovmemory/nCovMemory
link: https://mp.weixin.qq.com/s/nWEcj5mvzx5Ym4bMHT0LqA
archive: http://archive.today/tSdIm
snapshot: https://github.com/2019ncovmemory/nCovMemory/blob/master/archive/jpg/3793.jpg
lead: Relying on the data sharing support of the National Integrated Government Affairs Service Platform, the popularization and application of electronic health certificate will test the government's data governance ability. Can the requirement of precise epidemic prevention become the opportunity to break down the digital barrier? How to ensure personal information security? The various epidemic service small procedure, after the epidemic will still have the use of space?
cover: data:image/jpeg;base64,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
