##Wuhan Animals: abandoned, wandering, fighting, death

Micro Signal biz-leaders

Function introduction, define Chinese commercial power

By Liu Qian
Source: biz-leaders

###By Liu Qian
Source: biz-leaders

By Liu Qian

Source: biz-leaders

Wearing gloves, a mask and glasses, Koshiba wrapped his father's body in three sheets and said the final words to him, "Daddy, I love you. ". As she carried him away, my mother cried out at the top of her voice, "I didn't take care of you. ".

Father and separated less than a month, goodbye has been forever separated. The mother was also infected, checked into the shelter hospital, and returned home to find the bodies of two cats.

With the compound sealed off and the virus probably still in the house, Koshiba had no way to take the kitten and had to give it up.

There are also tens of thousands of solitary pets in the city, according to a conservative estimate. As volunteers and organizers of the rescue of left behind pets, Susanna and old dream have seen cats and dogs die of starvation, i have witnessed the tenacity and effort of life -- a cat or dog can survive without water or food for a month, a hungry cat can tear its screen and escape from prison.

If the kitten into the outside world, probably like the streets of Wuhan stray cats and dogs, fighting only to grab a bite to eat. So I saw a video of some scrawny stray dogs biting and eating a pregnant cat. After driving the dog away, the cat was covered in blood and almost chewed to pieces.

They may not have been born stray dogs or cats, or they may have been abandoned by their owners, who believed the rumor that cats and dogs might carry the new coronavirus. They may have gone from being close "pets" to being "outcasts" .

When A Chinese Ghost Story: The Tsui Hark Animation returned home, she was "alien" and "from Wuhan" gave her extra "attention" from the community, "wanting to take me away and put me in isolation" . The return date was far off, and the expensive foster care for the cats weighed heavily on A Chinese Ghost Story: The Tsui Hark Animation.

Try to live. Animals. People.

One

Susanna described the experience as "terrifying" -- like an omnipresent pile of excrement, a maddeningly dismantled home, like a dump.

During the long hours of solitude, the animals were frantic and frightened. "I couldn't find the cat when I came in, " he said. "They were always in a state of fear. They would hide when they heard the door ring, and rarely came running or were very happy. ".

A dying kitten may have lost its only chance of survival by disappearing into thin air. When Susanna went to his house, it smelled so bad that the litter box was too dirty to clean; the water was there, but the water was dirty; everything was in a mess, the bedside table had been turned over, the drawers had been opened, the snacks had been chewed; the cat lay motionless in the corner, when he saw Susanna, he went into hiding.

"I think he must be ill, " said Susanna, who had been asked to take the kitten away by its owner. She was unable to find it, leaving plenty of water and a house full of housekeepers. "If you don't clean it up, the kitten will eat the garbage. ".

Receiving requests for help, asking questions and making house calls has been Susanna's daily routine since the end of February, along with more than two dozen others. They are the rescue team of stay-at-home pets from Wuhan Folk Volunteer Team —— Foshan "007 motorcade" .

"007 motorcade" , originally named "123 motorcade" , was founded in Foshan, Wuhan on January 23, the day of the "blockade" . At first, it picked up medical staff and transported epidemic prevention materials, and later took on the task of helping residents buy vegetables. By the end of February, there were also two teams, one to help the elderly and one to help the pets left behind.

Susanna had been part of the team since its inception, and as a native of Wuhan, she had never seen such an empty city, "The road is very empty, everywhere is 'Wuhan refuels' , looks very sad, I want to run quickly, helps them, is also helps us. ".

In her view, Wuhan is slowly restoring order, medical staff to pick up and residents to shop after the problem has been solved, Susanna turned to the previously neglected pet group, "human and virus fight, should not sacrifice the lives of cats and dogs. ".

There are many other pet rescue teams in Wuhan, such as the Wuhan Animal Protection Association, the Wuhan Native Cat Association and Guomeng's Wechat feed support group.

So the dream said that this is a "full civil organization" , some people to help feed free, some people will be charged by the distance of some errand fee. The dream's job is to "coordinate the pairing, resolve the dispute, hint the risk, announce the rules of the group" , the first day to spend more than 20 hours to deal with group affairs.

One of the most important rules in the group is that the helper must show his ID card to the person asking for help, give his telephone number and videotape the whole visit. So she thought she would take the risk, "but it feels good, people who don't know each other go into a group and trust strangers to unlock their own homes. " She found this kind of trust magical.

Unlock master, pet shop owners, pet supplies vendors, pet doctors, who need to pull the old dream into the group, forming a "one-stop service. ". The pet shop into the group was "live" , can not open for business in the day, but also through the reception of foster care, selling pet supplies to maintain, not to the point of closing down shop, the discharge of animals.

So the group of dreamers passed 2,000 in just a few days. She broke up several small groups by region. Some businesses sensed a business opportunity and wanted to cooperate, "I put all the customers, suppliers together, or by regional planning, is a precise customer base. ". But the dream refused, she does not want to turn pure good into a business, "I did not profit from it. ".

Two

Koshiba hesitated for a long time before deciding to give up. She was afraid to risk Susanna coming to her house to feed her, so she thought she would go back to her parents'house and fetch the cat.

A year ago, Koshiba moved from Hankou to Guang Gu, where he lives with his parents and two kittens. On January 23rd, Koshiba, on her way home for the New Year, did not return because her father had a cold, which was a blessing under her parents'protection and a lifelong regret, as if she had never seen her father again.

From the onset of cold symptoms to his death, Koshiba's father survived only six days, was not hospitalized, was not diagnosed by a nucleic acid test, and died suddenly at home.

"hearing the news of my father's death, I felt like my family was falling apart. He left with no dignity. ". The family was asked to disinfect and wrap the body, which was left at home for 12 hours, before being treated by a community doctor in protective clothing and Koshiba and her daughter, who were wearing only masks, gloves and glasses. Wrapping his body in triple-decker sheets, Koshiba said, "Daddy, I love you. " .

Koshiba didn't even have time to grieve, and her mother was immediately infected, unable to find a doctor, and ended up in a shelter hospital with no one to take care of the family cats.

"It was a nightmare. I honestly didn't care about the cats, and I regret not settling them early. ". Koshiba's biggest obstacle to saving cats was not being able to leave her neighborhood. "when it comes to saving cats, people can't control them, let alone animals. " .

"She felt sorry for the cat, but she was more worried about me, " said Koshiba. "If you pick up the cat, I won't treat it. ". Since the hospital, my mother had been on the verge of emotional collapse, blaming herself for not taking care of her husband. "My mother couldn't handle it, " she said. "She thought my father was just out for a walk and would be back soon. " She worried that she wouldn't make it, "Her co-worker's husband died, too, and the disease got worse quickly, " she said. She felt sorry for the cat, "and cried at the mention of the cat. ".

My mother had been ill for more than a month, and had been slow to heal, and there were even signs of deterioration. The scheduled discharge had to be delayed. With each day that passed, the cat's chances of survival dwindled, and with the news that she would have to leave the shelter hospital for another 14 days in quarantine before returning home, Koshiba's mother became even more distraught.

"The people and animals in Wuhan are so miserable, " Koshiba said, finally giving up. "I can't even look at the pictures on my phone. I can't stand the sight of cats. ".

A Chinese Ghost Story: The Tsui Hark Animation's cats were lucky, at least they weren't in mortal danger.

According to her original plan, January 21 back home for the New Year, February 1 will return to Wuhan, "If I knew the epidemic so serious, I would have chosen not to go, or bring the kitten home. ".

The foster care fee is 120 yuan a day, excluding cat food and kitty litter, which comes to nearly 4,000 yuan a month, with the shopkeeper eventually offering 2,000 yuan. This was still a huge expense for A Chinese Ghost Story: The Tsui Hark Animation, who had to pay her mortgage and rent, which added up to 7,000 or 8,000 yuan, and whose salary was not fully paid since March. "The enterprises in Wuhan are really struggling, " she said.

Despite the pressure, A Chinese Ghost Story: The Tsui Hark Animation was glad to let the pet shop owner, who had been helping to feed the cat, pick it up before the closure. "I think it's a wise decision, " he said. "If you leave it at home at this time, you're just waiting to die. ".

No matter how hard it was, A Chinese Ghost Story: The Tsui Hark Animation never thought of giving up her cats. "I've loved cats since I was a kid. They're like my kids. ".

Three

"Go and get rid of my cat. Do what you want with it. "

The day after the news that "pets can also get new-crown pneumonia" went viral without confirmation, a group of Dream feeders received more than a dozen phone calls, all asking to "deal with" dogs and cats. The other side said very obscure, but helps to feed the human to be sure not to have the wrong idea, so-called "handles" , is refers to kills, abandons.

On January 29, the WHO responded on its website that "there is no evidence that dogs and cats are infected with COVID-19" .

So the most angry dream is to meet the irresponsible master. The owner simply gave up his dog and told the owner, "you can do whatever you want with it, sell it or throw it away or give it away. If I come back and ask you for it, I'm not human. ". Into the group without consultation, do not ask for help, until the cat is starving to death, to help feed people want to free door-to-door help, but was inexplicably refused by the owner, "Anyway soon, let it starve to death on its own. ".

"perhaps before the gated community, or even before, a large number of people had given up and found us, are still in awe of life, " Susanna would do everything he could to help them, but with a clear conscience.

There are more stray cats and dogs in Wuhan than before, many of which are obviously domestic pets. The Good Samaritan didn't give them up. Susanna saw someone feeding stray cats, a handful of cat food would attract a dozen, and the old scavenger took in a dozen stray cats and dogs and took them to live under the bridge.

Whether it is people or animals, whether it is stray cats and dogs or left-behind pets, they are struggling to live. A month of food-free kitten to eat all the family can eat, even the hot pot bottom materials also did not pass, the state is still very good; The owner, who had been cured and released from the hospital, came home to be surprised to find that the dog, who had been starving for a month, was still alive and was running around him

Therefore dream because of the epidemic lost their jobs, but because of the organization to help feed mutual help group in-depth understanding of the pet industry. After the outbreak, she plans to form a pet rescue association, House stray cats and dogs, find adoption, "coincidence made me do such a thing, the butterfly effect is I did not expect, this is providence. ".

A Chinese Ghost Story: The Tsui Hark Animation worked late into the night at her home, watching videos with shopkeepers and watching kittens. "maybe girls are born with a mother's love. Cats are like their own children, they think when they are gone. ".

Koshiba's mother was released from the hospital, under observation at the isolation point, and as she neared her return home, she expected a "miracle" from the cat.

Dependent life and a baby kitten ushered in a new life, 4 kittens survived 2. In the video Susanna sent, the newborn kitten squats next to its mother in a pink den, its milk squawking.

(the names in this article are all pseudonyms at the request of the interviewee) 

* Photo provided for interviewees

Recommended reading

Seriously declare: "Business Person" all original articles, reprint must be authorized. All Forms of illegal republication, including but not limited to piracy, unauthorized republication by a third party without the authorization of a "business person" , is an act of tort, "Business Person" will publish the "blacklist" and pursue legal responsibility. "business people" are only willing to work with institutions that respect intellectual property rights.

Write, meet, collaborate, and contact bizleaders@qqq. Com
Add to Wechat biz-leader, reprint authorized or invite you to join the group of business friends

Wechat name: Business figure

WECHAT ID: biz-leaders
1. Long press the Qr Code on the right to follow.
2. I look forward to seeing you at the top with the stars. Welcome to share and comment, welcome to leave a message or private message to us to provide clues on topics.
3. Click "read the original" to see the official website of business figures, access to more exciting content.

Write, meet, collaborate, and contact bizleaders@qqq. Com
Add to Wechat biz-leader, reprint authorized or invite you to join the group of business friends

Write, meet, collaborate, and contact bizleaders@qqq. Com

Add to Wechat biz-leader, reprint authorized or invite you to join the group of business friends

Wechat name: Business figure

WECHAT ID: biz-leaders
1. Long press the Qr Code on the right to follow.
2. I look forward to seeing you at the top with the stars. Welcome to share and comment, welcome to leave a message or private message to us to provide clues on topics.
3. Click "read the original" to see the official website of business figures, access to more exciting content.

Wechat name: Business figure

WECHAT ID: biz-leaders

1. Long press the Qr Code on the right to follow.
2. I look forward to seeing you at the top with the stars. Welcome to share and comment, welcome to leave a message or private message to us to provide clues on topics.
3. Click "read the original" to see the official website of business figures, access to more exciting content.

Go to "discover"-"take a look" browse "friends watching"

Sent

####Send it to take a look

Sending

A scan of wechat
Pay attention to the account


-------------
title: Wuhan Animals: abandoned, wandering, fighting, death
source: Business figure
authors: _
editors: _
proofreader: _
photographer: _
translator: _
via: https://github.com/2019ncovmemory/nCovMemory
link: https://mp.weixin.qq.com/s/FR6sw-oeeCJcK58nAFJwsw
archive: http://archive.ph/2Lf0T
snapshot: https://github.com/2019ncovmemory/nCovMemory/blob/master/archive/jpg/3630.jpg
lead: Trying to stay alive.
cover: data:image/jpeg;base64,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
