##Covid-19, Spain: My first day in Valencia

Micro-signal chancat123

Feature description: a heart on the road with a stay hungry stomach

This post was sent by one of my Facebook friends (sort of like a giant post on a friend's circle) . There were moments when I felt as if the author was reading my mind, as if he was saying what I wanted to say in beautiful English, and it was a reflection of how I felt last year in Valencia and how I feel now, so I couldn't help but share it. I was going to attach it to my last tweet from the disease diary of Sardinia, in Florida, but it was so long and so full of gems that I couldn't bear to cut it out. I also wanted more people to understand this article, so I took about two thirds of it and translated it briefly.

I don't have a literal translation in many places. If you have any questions, please feel free to criticize me.

Please Scroll Down for translation.

Day one at home COVID 19.

In my few years in Spain I’ve barely seen an anxious face.

For the first time in my life (as a persistent worrier, over-thinker, rational optimist/ pessimist or whatever label you choose to define it as) I found a place where I was at peace with myself. Where the expression ‘no pasa nada’ really felt like a philosophy I needed and had been looking for, for my sanity and for my anxiety. It was the first time I realised feeling truly at home was a mentality, not a place.

Here is a place where the elderly sit together on benches soaking up the sun watching the world go by, seemingly worry free. Where children aren’t scorned for dropping a glass and run free and liberated in the streets and parks and parents don’t worry about them being abducted or falling out of a tree. There is a certain innocence, perhaps an absence of unnecessary worry that made me fall in love with Spain and in particular Valencia.

City of science and art, Valencia.

Today It felt like I had woken up to a new world. Anxious eyes, an echo of a cough and people switch seats in the metro or move to the far end of the carriage. Wild and desperate panic stricken faces crammed the aisles of every supermarket in preparation for what appeared to be the apocalypse.

Fear transmits from one to another powerfully, perhaps more powerfully than positive emotions we radiate.

My point is fear is in the air here and around the world. There is panic spreading through society faster than the virus itself. Fear is what sells our news, is what keeps us buying, of dividing us, of not trying new things.

Here the empty streets and shuttered businesses and cafes bars and restaurants normally filled with laughter, family, early morning boozers and cigar smoke are eerily quiet and closed.

The ‘no pasa nada’ mentality becomes an impossibility when something so incomprehensible has taken place, because we don’t know what will pass. How worried we should be.

It’s 09:02 in my local mercadona supermarket, two minutes after opening time & there is a queue down the street. People impatiently stare at their phones , tapping feet and sighing, chain smoking, nervously listening out for a sniffle or cough, glaring at the door for it to open clutching their mass of shopping bags , many with medical gloves and face masks. Anxiety and desperation is in the air. I make it inside in hope of finding toilet roll but it seems that this is one of life’s great worries, what if I can’t wipe my ass.

My heart beats, hands sweat, brow creases & I back out of there feeling a panic attack building inside me, shortness of breath and dread overcome me. Also the realisation that this hysterical mass shopping is exactly what we should be avoiding. The air full of COVID 19 . Confined and lurking on packages, doorhandles, checkout tills , trolleys, bags, phones,switches. It occurs to me I need to be at home.

So I sit at home and I begin a list of things to achieve during this lock down:

-Clean the house .

After some breakfast and the rain forecast for the next week I decide this number one on the list can wait and I take my book to the port to soak up some sunshine and to try and forget abut the unfurling madness. I swiftly get moved on by an angry security guard who told me it’s irresponsible to be outside. There are people everywhere but perhaps my proximity to the port was his concern. I’m still unsure about this. But I finally decide, fuck it, I’m going home. Where I’m supposed to be right now.

Region of Valencia: Pe Iscola

So here I am, I’ve managed an hour without refreshing my COVID 19 stats website, which is impressive given my addiction to seeing the inevitably growing figures. And I’ve managed to restore a sense of calm in my soul. Writing this has been the most therapeutic thing since this began，

For anyone who knows me I’ve always enjoyed a dose of self-isolation. I could quite happily go a weekend or perhaps a week without seeing a solitary soul. The trouble is I can’t stand being stuck in the house. Climbing a mountain or exploring a pueblo it would be different but the reality is I am going to be here alone. I am enjoying this day one of isolation but perhaps this will evolve as the days roll on.

So I think its important to focus on the benefits of this situation.

-We are all being made to re-evaluate the way we live

-To learn the spirit of community / (or not) as toilet roll hoarders are doing in supermarkets across the world

-To reach out to loved ones, to tell it like it is.

-To get things off my chest I’ve been carrying for so long. Things that have weighed heavily upon me

-To be grateful for what we have and to share it if someone else is in need

-To take responsibility for ourselves but also to take responsibility collectively to stop the spread of this virus.

-To achieve and improve the things we would have done had we been given this time at any other point in life

-To face ourselves. And this thought perhaps terrifies me the most but perhaps its something I should have done a long time ago .

-We start to take care of our planet.

-We laugh more, love more, appreciate what we have.

-We realise how fragile and blessed we are to have the gift of life.

-To help strangers

The strangest part of this all here in Valencia is this week should be the noisiest , liveliest, joyous, week in the Valencian calendar. Where fireworks begin before sunrise and continue incessantly for the month. It’s not for everyone but its magical and should be on your bucket-list.

For anyone who hasn’t experienced las fallas festival it is characterised by a collective joy, a tradition spanning decades that is beautifully chaotic, the city descends into a wonderful madness that is unlike anything I’ve ever experienced.

"Faya" as tall as a building.

So to the children of Valencia Las fallas is like Christmas, in fact it is a thousand times better. The streets are full of huge sculptures, churros and laughter. Music bellows from every barrio and the bars and restaurants are teeming with people of every nationality. It is their pride and joy, their heritage, their very own holiday. As I work with children this week has been an incredibly emotionally draining time as their Christmas cancelled and schools closed and uncertainty grows, it has been tearful and has put out the sparkle in their eyes. Not even the mass of sweets I produced could change the fact that history had been changed here forever. The statues remain in the streets in many barrios, and are a constant reminder of their lost holiday and perhaps more depressingly a constant reminder of the ensuing chaos, of the world as we know it ending. Of a new era of uncertainty.

Faya: The festival parade is to be nurtured from dolls.

Many Valencians mortified at the festival being postponed and many quietly relieved that they won’t have to endure a month of fireworks. The dogs perhaps the most relieved sleeping soundly on the sofa rather than scratching at the walls trying to escape the inexplicable barrage of gunpowder.

We are the collective creator of our own agony. It is time for a re-awakening of consciousness when we recognize the best in ourselves and overcome the worst.

Lets stick together

Fight this thing

Reconnect

Support friends families and strangers.

Translation

In my years in Spain, I have rarely seen an expression of anxiety.

I, whether as a chronic worrier, overthinker, rational optimist, or pessimist, or whatever else defines me, found a place of soul congruence for the first time. Here, no Pasa Nada, really seems like a philosophy of life that I need and seek. For the first time, I really realized that "at home" is a state of mind, not a place.

It is a place where old people sit on benches and watch the world go by without a care in the sun. It is a place where children can run free in the streets and parks without being blamed for dropping glasses, parents don't have to worry about their children being abducted or falling out of trees. There is a certain goodness, there is no unnecessary fear, and that is what made me fall in love with Spain, and Valencia in particular.

Region of Valencia: Orange Blossom coast.

Today, I woke up in a new world. Anxious eyes, a resounding cough, people shifting on the subway to one side of the car. Savage, desperate, fearful, twisted faces fill every supermarket aisle in preparation for Armageddon,

Fear, a powerful "human-to-human" trait, may be more contagious than positive emotions.

There's fear all over the world, it's spreading faster than the virus itself. Fear, which makes the news, stimulates an insatiable desire to buy; fear, which separates us from each other and keeps us from trying new things.

Think of the shops that used to be filled with laughter, and look at the empty streets and closed restaurants and bars now, there is a strange sense of quiet and bleak.

No PASA NADA's mind set doesn't work when something incredible happens. Because we don't know what's going to happen and how nervous we need to be.

At 09:02, there was a line on the street in Mercadona, near my home, two minutes after opening hours. People stared nervously at their phones, stomped, sighed, smoked, listened nervously to sniffling and coughing, stared at the door, braced themselves to open their shopping bags, and wore medical gloves and face masks, the air was thick with anxiety and despair. I went into the supermarket hoping to find toilet paper, but "not being able to wipe" seems to be the biggest concern now.

My heart thumped, my palms sweaty, my brows wrinkled, my breath racing, as if I had an overwhelming sense of panic in my body. I also realized that this kind of buying spree is exactly what we should avoid. The air was filled with the new coronavirus. It was on the package, on the door handle, on the cash register, on the trolley, on the phone, on the switch... I felt I needed to go home.

So, I sat at home and prepared a list of things I needed to accomplish while I was at home.

First, do the cleaning.

After breakfast I looked at the weather forecast. It will rain next week. So the first item on the list can wait. So I decided to take the book, go to the dock, drying the book, also try to forget about this shit. Soon, an angry security guard told me it was irresponsible to go out like this. I think there are people everywhere. Maybe he's just worried I'm too close to the pier. I don't know if I understood it right, but in the end, I decided, screw it, I'm going home, where I'm supposed to be.

So I went home and controlled the site that didn't refresh its coronavirus stats for an hour, and the overwhelming growth just kept me going. Now that I'm finally at peace, writing about it has become the most healing thing I've ever done.

As anyone who knows me knows, I enjoy my time alone. I could happily go a weekend or even a week without seeing a living person, but the problem was that I couldn't hold it in. I could climb a mountain or explore a Pueblo, but the reality is, I'll be home alone. For now, I enjoy the isolation, but it may change over time.

So I thought I'd focus on my unique strengths at this stage.

The list goes on.

- We need to reevaluate our lifestyle.

- Learn to be a team player, or, rather, not a world-wide toilet paper hoarder.

- To love, to express.

- take the burden off your life.

- Be grateful for what we have, and share what we need.

- Stopping the spread of the virus is a responsibility to ourselves and to our communities.

- Do things well that we could learn or improve upon.

- Face Yourself. This is perhaps the most frightening point, but it's something I should have thought about a long time ago.

- To start caring for our planet.

- To laugh, to love, to appreciate what we are.

- To understand how fragile and precious the gift of life is.

- To help strangers.

The strangest thing about Valencia is that, in the Valencia calendar, this Zhou Ben is supposed to be hilarious and hilarious. Fireworks and firecrackers sound and light, in this month, earlier than Dawn, non-stop. Not everyone can see this, but it should definitely be on your To-do list for the rest of your life. It's fantastic. For those of you who have not experienced Las Fallas, you can not imagine the atmosphere of national revelry and the preservation of decades of raucous tradition. The whole city was in a wonderful frenzy during the Faya Festival, which was quite an experience.

In Spain, it's The wheelchair parade, the crutches, the disco.

For Children, Faya is like Christmas. In fact, it is a thousand times better than Christmas. Music flowed from every block, and bars and restaurants were filled with people from all over the world. The feast of Faya is a pride and a glory, a tradition and a unique festival. It's been a grueling week for me, working with the kids. Children's "Christmas" cancelled, school closed, the growing number of uncertain things, all these children's eyes flashing with tears. Either way, this page of history has been changed forever. The Faya sculptures are still on many streets and streets, a constant reminder that you have lost this event, that you have lost the noise that should have been part of this festival, a new age of uncertainty is at hand.

The most striking thing about the festival of Faya is that these lovely and beautiful things will be burned on the last day of the festival. Since then, spring has come.

Many in Valencia mourned the holiday's delay, while others were relieved to be rid of the month-long barrage of fireworks. Dogs may be the biggest beneficiaries of this change, as they finally get a good night's sleep on the couch instead of scratching at the wall trying to escape the absurdly loud sound of firecrackers.

Together, we carry our misfortunes. It's time to wake up, to know the best of us, to fight the worst.

Fighting side by side, supporting our friends and family and strangers.

Focus on it, and focus on the world.

Just finished translation, found that this netizen out of a diary, is still very long, but the text is still very moving, I should be translation does not move. But it's also inspired me to write more from the heart than from the data, and it's probably more therapeutic.

So here's a serious question: Does this involve infringement?

Original and reward are not open, I hope the non-profit behavior does not involve infringement, if involved, I will delete.

Thank you for your writing, which gives me more motivation to record my life.

Go to "discover"-"take a look" browse "friends watching"

Sent

####Send it to take a look

Sending

A scan of wechat
Pay attention to the account


-------------
title: Spain COVID-19 my first day in Valencia
source: liu-lang-mao-she
authors: _
editors: _
proofreader: _
photographer: _
translator: _
via: https://github.com/2019ncovmemory/nCovMemory
link: https://mp.weixin.qq.com/s/KAnjvZzeRmer9dbRUxDwTQ
archive: http://archive.ph/qyU2a
snapshot: https://github.com/2019ncovmemory/nCovMemory/blob/master/archive/jpg/3674.jpg
lead: There is a certain goodness, there is no unnecessary fear, and that is what made me fall in love with Spain, and Valencia in particular. X0A more moving text, please click to enter, read the original English.
cover: data:image/jpeg;base64,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
