##The real story (by P)

Micro Signal Fei

Function description

Xiao P and her family are many in the first line of work, although not medical care, but are people's livelihood security first line. Everyone is human, everyone is flesh and blood, everyone is afraid, everyone is taking great risks, trying to do what they should do. Life isn't a soap opera. It's not easy for everyone.

I just facetimed my second sister, and she's got a death wish on her face. She said she wasn't in the neighborhood today. She answered the phone. I said yeah, it's safer that way, and my sister said, "go and pick it up for the day. ".

She told me three stories. One was that there was a suspected patient in the house, so she called the house last night. There were countless records in their records. My sister repeatedly assured me that they had been reported. She asked him not to worry, they're arranging it now. Once, twice, three times, my sister is going to cry, because this non-stop busy, may let other people can not get into the phone worried. But she can't talk. Please hang up and let someone else talk.

The second story is a family old man had heart surgery, need to use medicine, but now they often get medicine universal love hospital became fever clinic, they can not get medicine how to do? My sister breathed a sigh of relief, busy said our community has a car, I will arrange a car to you, you hurry to other hospitals to get medicine. My sister finally got the message after she gave a lot of reasons not to go. The one who didn't want to go to the hospital thought it was too dangerous. They thought why didn't the community send the medicine home to them?

The third is pure anxiety, no one in the family suspected, there is no need to get medicine for the old patients, but he anxiety. He asked why the community did not disclose the number of suspected patients in the community? Why don't you arrest those people who have a fever? Why isn't anyone in the community doing anything..

My second sister took a day of this negative mood of the phone, the whole person almost crazy, and I complained for half an hour.

I listen to all with her heart block, what can I say, can only say, forget it, there is suspected at home, people also anxious, a big family! As for the other two, their fears, their fears, are understandable. I was struck by what one of the authors said the other day. He says he's got $20,000 a month! He has a home, a wife and two children, they have middle-aged fear! They can't afford to be sick. They can't afford to die. That's why I understand their anxiety.

My second sister is actually to complain to me, tomorrow is a new day, she has to go.

Then I got a call from my sister. I asked how she was? She says it's fine. She's been serving food all day. Did I say you were wearing a mask? I've got an N95. I'll send it to you. She said they were not allowed to wear n95. In case there's any resistance from the residents. I'm Speechless (TV series) ! I told her to put on her kitchen glove because they wanted face to face contact with the residents! She quickly said, yes, she went to inform the community leaders.

I hung up the phone, my own silent tears, I did not tell them, I just heard that I know a master because of the new crown died.

Master Zou was a very good man. When he was young, he was an active member of the unit in literature and art. I will always remember the way he looked on stage in his white suit, very much like the prince charming of that era.

Master Zou's lovers of the countryside, they are second marriage, lover with his mother and daughter came to his home. My wife had no job. When she first arrived, she set up a fried noodle stand in front of the factory. As a result, I can often see master Zou after the night shift is still helping his wife to work. He is sweet-mouthed, co-worker in front of the factory, he is enthusiastic recruit everybody, do not feel embarrassed at all.

After I came down from the first line, I could often see master Zou in the factory. He had a heart condition and was fitted with a pacemaker, so the factory took care of him and stopped him from working shifts, and he was so grateful to the factory. He's really a very optimistic and grateful person. No old colleague of the unit did not like him.

Speaking of which, I haven't seen him since he retired. I never thought I'd see him again because of the new coronavirus. I heard he died of a heart attack pretty soon after he got sick.

Old Colleagues are still in the Group Sigh, how Good People Ah! This can't be happening. What I'm thinking is, I'll never see him again! No longer hear his sweet call my name, let oneself feel that I was just into the factory, riding a mountain bike in the factory flying little girl!

All Day, my heart is blocked up, and then the pressure of the sisters, I can do nothing to help them. They have their responsibilities; the patients, the patients'families are in fear and pain; and the frightened people, they don't know what tomorrow will bring, they need outlets..

This is a disaster, for all of us. But today, I would like to seriously say to you, now, every Chinese are in fact a total of difficulties, we all bear together!

I also know that I do not have the right to ask for more understanding, more tolerance. But please understand the grass-roots staff, tolerance of the face of suspected patients, for the deceased people and their families with the greatest goodwill, because today, we are all victims!

Wuhan, come on!

February 3,2020

Go to "discover"-"take a look" browse "friends watching"

Sent

####Send it to take a look

Sending

A scan of wechat
Pay attention to the account


-------------
title: The real story (by P)
source: fei-wo-si-cun
authors: _
editors: _
proofreader: _
photographer: _
translator: _
via: https://github.com/2019ncovmemory/nCovMemory
link: https://mp.weixin.qq.com/s/5tteFWBkq4YR68AWBQd1MQ
archive: https://archive.is/6ts91
snapshot: https://github.com/2019ncovmemory/nCovMemory/blob/master/archive/jpg/1364.jpg
lead: Xiao P and her family are many in the first line of work, although not medical care, but are people's livelihood security first line. Everyone is human. Everyone is flesh and blood.
cover: data:image/jpeg;base64,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
