##Diary of the siege of Wuhan | Day 13

Techread

Features, Lanxi, founder of zhulu.com  , focuses on in-depth observations and business reviews of Internet startups, new media, and subcultures.

I have always had a nagging doubt that the mortality rate of NCP in Wuhan (4.9%) is not only much higher than that outside the province (0.2%) , but even higher than the average (1.4%) after Wuhan was removed from the province.

Why is that?

It is certainly not because the virus is more virulent in the city of Wuhan, or because the physical quality of Wuhan people is the lowest in the country and the directionality is most obvious. It may be because medical resources in Wuhan are strained, that patients in critical condition don't get enough care.

I have always stressed that, as a Wuhan Person, I have no objection to the decision to seal off the city. The first priority for controlling infectious diseases is to block the spread of infectious diseases. Therefore, it is appropriate to prohibit the unnecessary movement of Wuhan People.

But after the sacrifices it made, Foshan, after all, most people in Wuhan were not the authors of the disaster -- and so many days later, the reward for Wuhan was a staggering rate of mortality.

I see a lot of reassuring reassurance that the new pneumonia is highly contagious but not dangerous, that it is as deadly as the flu, and that there is no need to panic.

Frankly speaking, for this argument that may make sense in some way, in Wuhan, and not in Wuhan, the feeling will be very different.

If you are unfortunately stuck in Wuhan, you will be faced with the situation that every designated hospital is in dire need of beds. If you are not ill, pray that you do not get into trouble. If you are ill, you will go around begging your grandparents to seek treatment, every day there is a story of death on every street.

If you are not in Wuhan or Hubei, the threshold of medical pressure will be greatly lowered, and the number of death cases will be relatively reassuring. There are people who are genuinely worried about Wuhan and who are giving support, there are also people who put time bombs on banners in Wuhan.

I don't know if the solutions so far have been impeccable, but from the practical interests, those who "flee" to Wuhan outside the province can indeed get more abundant medical resources, and the citizens who stay in Wuhan obediently, has Reawakened Barren and short-lived historical memories.

It's not supposed to be like this.

I would also like to ask, if the medical supply in Wuhan can not meet the demand for treatment, is there no other way, only to sit back and watch the epidemic through physical control to subside?

Can some patients be transported to nearby provinces and cities with spare capacity for diagnosis and treatment? Not to mention the spread of the infection, since we all know how the virus is transmitted and how to prevent it, it's not hard to isolate it all the way through transport, how else can doctors protect themselves while treating patients?

Not to mention impossible, the country has prided itself on its past rise with a grand narrative: if it can build a hospital in eight days, how can it not mobilize national resources to absorb the patients Wuhan can not afford?

Trying to save one more person may not be as much of a source of pride as building a hospital or making a propaganda film, but solving an immediate problem is a much more empowering act of security.

There may be a lot of things wrong with what I'm saying, but the point is to do something about what comes out and not be so quick to show that there's no other way.

Behind every number of deaths, there is a human being!

This is my diary of the siege of Wuhan, day 13.

Go to "discover"-"take a look" browse "friends watching"

Sent

####Send it to take a look

Sending

A scan of wechat
Pay attention to the account


-------------
title: Diary of the siege of Wuhan | Day 13
source: lan-xi
authors: _
editors: _
proofreader: _
photographer: _
translator: _
via: https://github.com/2019ncovmemory/nCovMemory
link: https://mp.weixin.qq.com/s/KkKm-V2UUCIlUcNs1iiQRA
archive: http://archive.today/qID2V
snapshot: https://github.com/2019ncovmemory/nCovMemory/blob/master/archive/jpg/550.jpg
lead: Behind every number of deaths, there's a human being
cover: data:image/jpeg;base64,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
