##Entrepreneurial Yeast Zhang Lijun: crisis, how to turn the business, how to adjust the organization?

Micro-signal, Rancaijing

A feature presentation, a daily in depth report, redefines the innovation economy.

Original by ran CAIJING

By Kong Mingming

Editor | Sherwin

Under the epidemic situation, the enterprise is facing the stern challenge, also is greeting the new round of opportunity.

February 21, finance and economics to hold the "innovative economic war and epidemic plan" fourth phase of the online salon, the theme focuses on the epidemic of employment issues. Zhang Lijun, CEO of zhaopin.com, Guo Sheng, a well-known organizational innovation expert and founder of Startup Yeast, and former organizational development expert of alibaba group, shared and exchanged questions and answers on "how should enterprises deal with people's problems through the epidemic? " .

Zhang Lijun, who has worked at Alibaba for more than a decade, has replicated his experience in fighting SARS at Alibaba, and has taken those experiences to entrepreneurial yeast, leading the team to quickly complete business transformation and restructuring, some interim results of the online transformation have been achieved. Before that, 90% of the revenue of the startup yeast, a corporate training and consulting company, came from offline.

"The opportunity and the danger for start-ups under the epidemic are whether they can get through online or offline, " Zhang said, "When a company has a particularly big crisis, it's also an opportunity to build a corporate culture. The hardest part of adjusting your business is getting people to listen to you. The only way you're going to win is if you stick together, and the next decade in China is going to be a management dividend, not an innovation dividend. "

Details of the sharing session are as follows:

The opportunities and dangers of startups

It's all about getting in and out

Today I share three aspects: First, where are the risks and opportunities for startups in the current situation? Second, where are the opportunities to be online? How is the business adjusted? The third aspect is strategic change and structural change. What kind of adjustments should be made to that structure?

On January 25th, I woke up at seven in the morning feeling anxious. But I think as a boss, if you're anxious, if you don't calm down, you're not going to solve the problem. At the time, I had a guess: In this case, it would be three industries that would be hard hit: the first would be offline businesses without a second leg, and the second would be small and medium enterprises businesses with relatively little cash flow, basically, the cash flow of small and medium-sized private enterprises will not exceed three months; the third, the biggest impact is the service sector.

But at the same time, we see that the pharmaceutical sector is growing particularly fast. Many enterprises completed a year's revenue in the first quarter. In addition, platforms with Internet traffic are sure to make a profit. There are also some companies with relatively abundant cash flow, it's also a good time. This epidemic will increase C2S2B and the globalization process, in which the opportunities and dangers for startups will lie in their ability to fully integrate and transform online and offline.

After an in-depth analysis of my own company, I found that this battle is a life-and-death battle, or unconventional battle. At the heart of unconventional warfare is the idea of going off the beaten path, where the old ways of playing may not work. Unconventional warfare can be brutal, because in the course of change, it is possible that individual power, team power, and local interests will all be sacrificed, and external competition will intensify.

Unconventional warfare also involves turning the group into a guerrilla model, in the younger generation's parlance, of the Organization of the future. Guerrilla warfare is about scattering people in districts, and there will always be people who can start a prairie fire. But we should not think that guerrilla warfare is the fragmentation of business. When front-line business is running fast, we will have higher requirements for headquarters and central Taiwan. We need central Taiwan to be able to support front-line business warfare, regardless of product, supply chain agility, or Data Center support.

The core of the online business transformation line is whether you have insight into the business nature of the online business you're doing; the second is the product; the third is the service; the fourth is marketing; and the last, and most important, is community operations.

ALIBABA's battle against SARS

Two lessons, three revelations

In the process, I replayed the battle I fought on Alibaba in 2003 during SARS, and I personally think there are two important ones.

The first is the temperature of the organisation and the example of senior management. Our communication tools at the time were Yahoo, Guan as Coo of Alibaba, Jack Ma, and his wife, Cheung Ying. These bosses would wake everyone up on Yahoo! every morning, and make everyone active by dancing, singing and so on, let everyone know we're going to get down to work.

I remember that during those three months, Guan called the management every day to ask if they were well and if their family was well. The warmth and care of the organization is especially important at this time. So in Ali, Jack Ma was called Papa Ali, and Mingsheng Guan was called Mama Ali.

Second, Ali actually had a version 1.0 of the B2B website before SARS in 2003, but it was basically traditional, sales driven. At that time, both the merchant and the buyer, basically through the sales staff to run it in one leg, or our buyers will gather the merchant, and then turn the content online. But through the SARS, we completed the business online, collaborative online, online communication, online organization.

After the resumption, I found that Alibaba actually gained a lot from SARS in 2003: The first gain was that its business was completely connected online and offline; the second was that we felt the company had a culture for the first time, in fact, when the company encountered a particularly big crisis, it is also an opportunity to build a corporate culture; the Third Alibaba from obscurity into a national well-known website, everyone knows to do business online through Alibaba.

In addition, I also repeat the lessons of the SARS campaign: First, a sense of risk, all bosses will know, eggs can not be put in a basket, so they will walk on multiple legs; second, living in the moment is not enough, the third is that the epidemic will change the mindset of every businessman, changing the habits of 1.4 billion people.

How do you capture the heart of the organization?

The only way to win is to stick together

Our company has gone from offline to online in 11 days.

In the process of adjusting the business, actually the most difficult is to capture the hearts and minds of the people, because the only chance you have of winning at this time is the unity of the people, so in the process we have a very detailed communication layer by layer.

On the morning of January 29th, I began to talk to the shareholders of the company, and in the afternoon I spoke to the executives one-on-one. The purpose of my one-on-one meetings with senior executives is to choose who can come and fight with me. Not all senior executives and senior citizens can fight for you. And then I started talking to all the management, and when we were done, we spent three days talking to all the management, and then we talked to all the management.

There are some skills in communication.

First of all, it's easy to reach an agreement with the decision makers, and if you can't reach an agreement with your decision makers at this point, I think you may have had a lot of problems.

Second, executives must communicate one-on-one, because you have to judge who you want to single out for special forces, and I bring in the company's key people, along with people who I think have potential. It's true that a lot of people can't top it when times are tough, but we have to believe that there will always be a Super Man when times are tough. That day, from 1:30 pm to 10:00 pm, I was all in communication, did not even drink water, quickly caught out the leadership.

Third, you should have a big picture. You need to tell the whole administration why they're doing it, because they need to understand why they're doing it and how they're doing it.

There are four competency models for innovation teams: Open People, people with superior learning abilities, people who are customer first, and people driven by a sense of mission. In the process, we have to inspire people, we have to inspire these generals. Crises are important, but it's more important to give them means and purpose.

When communicating with the staff, we must pay attention to the law or reason, which is common sense management. Our boss should make business judgment in the order of law and reason, but we communicate with employees in the opposite way, according to the order of reason and law. We didn't cut any wages or lay off any staff, 50% of the people can not do the new business, I let them practice every day, I told them to put the new business good practice, must be useful time, in fact, I was waiting for a front unit to win the battle.

In the current situation, almost all companies want to lay off employees, but at this time, if you want to lay off employees, or those who are not good at skills, or are not willing to take responsibility with you, the rest of the people who are willing to work with the company, it is the responsibility of the boss to endow him with new ability to do new business.

I think the next decade in China will definitely be a management dividend, not an innovation dividend. In the next five to ten years, basically, except for the technological iteration, is how every enterprise to reduce costs and increase efficiency, make good use of the Internet transformation, in essence is to improve enterprise efficiency.

How did your company respond to the outbreak?

Feel free to leave a comment in the comments section. Original article reprint please click on the public menu "reprint cooperation. ".

First-hand Information / Hard Core Report / daily Red Envelope / offline activities! All that's missing is you! Speed Up Wechat rancaijing02 reply "reader" one button on the car!

How did your company respond to the outbreak?

Feel free to leave a comment in the comments section. Original article reprint please click on the public menu "reprint cooperation. ".

First-hand Information / Hard Core Report / daily Red Envelope / offline activities! All that's missing is you! Speed Up Wechat rancaijing02 reply "reader" one button on the car!

I think I'm watching it

WECHAT SWEEPS UP Praise for author

####Send it to the author

People Admire

Long-press the QR code to transfer the funds to me

WECHAT's iOS version of the APP has been turned off to support public accounts through Qr code transfers due to apple's new rules.

Go to "discover"-"take a look" browse "friends watching"

Sent

####Send it to take a look

Sending

A scan of wechat
Pay attention to the account


-------------
title: Entrepreneurial Yeast Zhang Lijun: crisis, how to turn the business, how to adjust the organization?
source: Burning Finance
authors: _
editors: _
proofreader: _
photographer: _
translator: _
via: https://github.com/2019ncovmemory/nCovMemory
link: https://mp.weixin.qq.com/s/T22swViePqstm-bl_dEskA
archive: http://archive.ph/7NTUH
snapshot: https://github.com/2019ncovmemory/nCovMemory/blob/master/archive/jpg/1799.jpg
lead: "The hardest thing is to get the people on your side. The only chance you have of winning is if you're all together. "
cover: data:image/jpeg;base64,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
