##Guo Sheng says wage cuts should start with the boss, not the employee

Micro-signal, Rancaijing

A feature presentation, a daily in depth report, redefines the innovation economy.

Original by ran CAIJING

By suki

Editor | Ling Yuanchuan

In the midst of the epidemic, many entrepreneurs are finding that human problems are the hardest to deal with right now.

In order to help entrepreneurs see the situation clearly, to deal with the crisis, February 21, finance and economics held the "innovative economic war epidemic plan" fourth phase of the online salon, the theme focused on the personnel recruitment industry. Zhaopin CEO Guo Sheng shared how to hire people in the face of an epidemic, and had an online conversation with he shulong, the editor in chief of Finance and Economics.

•17 percent quit this year, and résumé postings are down 70 percent to 80 percent;

• arranging layoffs or pay cuts when you see an outbreak is an overreaction, and companies should take the long view and see what lies behind the uncertainty;

• It's time for employers to take the blame for pay cuts, rather than making workers the victims of the epidemic

• job-seekers with experience in IT, products, procedures and the like are advised to acquire new skills and reposition their careers, as their salary increases are higher than those of ordinary job-seekers;

• The video itself is a vent, but a video interview is not necessarily a vent. In the future, the interview must be video and the combination of offline state;

• after the delisting, Zhaopin.com hopes to restart plans for domestic capital markets and has a lot of confidence in the domestic capital markets.

•17 percent quit this year, and résumé postings are down 70 percent to 80 percent;

• arranging layoffs or pay cuts when you see an outbreak is an overreaction, and companies should take the long view and see what lies behind the uncertainty;

• It's time for employers to take the blame for pay cuts, rather than making workers the victims of the epidemic

• job-seekers with experience in IT, products, procedures and the like are advised to acquire new skills and reposition their careers, as their salary increases are higher than those of ordinary job-seekers;

• The video itself is a vent, but a video interview is not necessarily a vent. In the future, the interview must be video and the combination of offline state;

• after the delisting, Zhaopin.com hopes to restart plans for domestic capital markets and has a lot of confidence in the domestic capital markets.

The overall job market is bleak

Takeaway, education, and law sectors bucked the trend

I think the overall pressure of the talent market is still very big. From the enterprise side, the number of enterprises carrying out layoffs is higher than the number of enterprises actively recruiting, the number of enterprises has accounted for more than 30% , but the number of enterprises still actively recruiting only accounted for 20%-25% .

In previous years, the Spring Festival was supposed to be a very strong job-hunting season, but now the situation has completely changed, about 17% of people gave up job-hopping, resume delivery fell by 70%-80% .

I have a friend is doing human resources outsourcing, he used to spend after the Spring Festival is very painful, because many people job-hopping, he had to update the data, the cost is huge. Now he sees enterprises dare not lay off employees, job seekers also dare not jump ship, the whole recruitment market is relatively quiet.

But the market is not all bad news, some industries or do particularly well, there are some bright spots. Especially in the first week after the resumption of work, you can see that some industries are growing against the trend, such as platform-type catering enterprises, such as Meituan, ele.me and KFC are doing very well, such enterprises are recruiting large numbers of food delivery personnel.

There is also a strong demand for personnel from education and training enterprises, especially online education and training enterprises. There is a great demand for technical personnel and sales personnel, i believe this industry is also one that has benefited greatly from the epidemic.

There are also some unexpected industries, recruitment demand is also very high. Under the impact of the epidemic, corporate legal disputes and human resources disputes began to increase the demand for legal professionals and intermediaries.

Real estate is an active water storage industry. I think the real estate industry has probably seen that the low season is followed by the high season, so they're building up their staff reserves ahead of time, and that has to do with the easing of a lot of lending policies.

Pay Cuts start with the boss himself

It's actually a good time to stock up

There's been a lot of press lately about layoffs, and there's been a lot of friction in the process. In such a special point of time, how to carry out human resource management has become an urgent matter.

First of all, all kinds of laws and regulations are very strict now. You must be clear about the requirements of laws and regulations before you prepare to lay off employees.

Second, many companies now speak of surviving, the first thought is to lay off workers and lower wages. In the end is the first lay-off or the first pay cut, the order does not matter, it is important to find their main business and core purpose. Most employees can understand the concept of "getting through the tough times" . What you don't want to see is that all employees are getting through the tough times without any impact on the boss.

I think the right way to do this is to tell people that the employee hurts, and the boss hurts even more. Then, no matter what adjustments you make, start with your boss, and let your employees see that you are really doing what's best for the company and for the people who remain, and that's a big step. The arrangements for the staff that follow are much easier to make.

For example, I see a lot of companies doing well. Their boss came to work first and was the first to return. The boss of their own pay cut at least 50% , or even zero pay, also take out the stock option or option incentive to share with everyone. In addition, even if you ask for a pay cut, but also promised that once the business recovery, we will share the results of the victory, such communication will make employees more acceptable.

At this time, we often can see a boss's business philosophy and charisma, whether enough to let the enterprise cost-effective and smooth through the crisis.

One more thing to note is that in many organizations, there is a huge amount of waste. In fact, some of the old rabbit employees do not contribute so much to the enterprise, at this time but choose to save oneself, old age, do not share the risk with the enterprise, the enterprise at this time should carefully consider these people.

Business owners also need to understand that in the aftermath of the epidemic, it may be sooner than we think, and that there will be some retaliatory backlash in many industries. Now that the market is showing the first signs of recovery, it's important to realize that spring will be around the corner as we prepare for the winter.

Again, I would like to remind you that right now I think people are thinking more about layoffs than hiring, but in fact there are a lot of good people on the market right now that are being released. If your business predicts a relatively large growth in the future, now is actually a very good time to stock up on talent.

Now many enterprises are making adjustments, in the reduction of staff and pay, optimize personnel, adjust the structure of the process, business owners will also make some mistakes.

The first mistake is that the boss is anxious, and when he is anxious, he starts making adjustments that will cause anxiety throughout the organization. The ship had only a little water, but the captain had been trying to put the treasure in his pocket, ready to jump ship. The anxiety keeps spreading, and the whole ship gets disoriented. When business owners see a difficulty and want to make adjustments, they must have considerable determination. My heart is burning with anxiety, and my face should be clear and light.

The second mistake is that the boss makes the employee the scapegoat when something bad happens and doesn't do anything to himself. Employees will think, why the boss's mistakes to let us bear, even if he left, but also with a grudge to go. The boss must see his own problems first.

The third mistake was that the boss didn't see tomorrow. Everyone knows today is a tough day, but in the process, as a boss, you have to look to tomorrow and figure out what's going to happen tomorrow. The stress response is often the wrong response, and the boss wants to see what's behind the uncertainty.

Separate cash flow from profits

Don't do anything that hurts short term cash flow

Not working for such a long time, but also not in the peak season, on the income of the enterprise will certainly have an impact. But despite the impact on Wachovia's revenues, its cash flow is healthy. This is due to our internal work efficiency, organizational processes, operational efficiency, early start to improve.

It would be very dangerous for companies to consider the importance of healthy cash flow in a short period of time. We have been doing a lot of work on cash flow and product margins since last year.

Try Not to react to stress at any time, but to consider the worst case scenario long before you can form healthy tissue. It is thanks to the many extreme situations we considered last year that we are now in a better position.

So, if not in the past, what should be done now to safeguard the health of cash flow?

First, separate your cash flow from your profit. Your profit can be negative, but your cash flow must be positive. In this process, throttling is more important than open source.

First of all, cut out some of the unnecessary business, some in the future will not bring a lot of benefits to cut the expenditure. Second, rent and labor costs are also a big part of the business. In terms of manpower, we have to choose the soldiers. On the rent front, be sure to update your landlord with the latest government policy to help you save cash. Finally is the Social Security and the provident fund, sends the Special Person and the local government department to obtain the contact, does not have the special person also to look for the intermediary agency, saves this part of money.

These steps can already save you a lot of unnecessary cash flow expenses, including ads that you can do without and don't do too much damage to short term cash flow.

Another measure is open source, and now everyone is seeing that there are a lot of loans that might make more sense than looking for investment. Often at this time there are many small and medium-sized enterprises bank loans will be very generous out.

Many small and medium-sized enterprises actually have three months of cash flow on the books, is quite good. Most small and medium-sized enterprises have at most one or two months of cash flow. That makes them dangerous if they do not start to work in large numbers by March.

In the course of my contact with many enterprises, I do see that some enterprises are still putting on airs and pretending to be fat. It's important to focus on cash flow at this point. Save where you can, and save what you can. Never be the first to fall.

A warrior is more important than a lazy man

Employees are more important than shareholders

It is a very important requirement for us to work with the enterprises to tide over the difficulties. We have free recruitment services for small and medium-sized enterprises, product delay consumption services, and help enterprises reduce costs of services, such as tax, social security, flexible employment, labor outsourcing, and so on. In fact, there are all kinds of preferential policies, flexible use of these policies is also a very important work, can save a lot of costs for enterprises. Of course, Zhaopin also offers many innovative contactless recruitment products, such as video interviews.

The outbreak has had a big impact on Zhaopin's recruitment business, but it is fortunate that other parts of Zhaopin's business, such as online training, have already started to grow rapidly. In addition, Zhilian will help enterprises to do flexible employment, pay arrangements and other work, these are counter-cyclical business, there is a very large increase. We started thinking about these counter-cyclical businesses two years ago.

And we thought, if the economy goes down, or if there's an emergency, we have to have some counter-cyclical business, and that's a core logic. That's why Zhaopin is now called Zhaopin group.

On the resumption of work, we have 38 branches across the country, the policy is not the same everywhere, we of course hope to return to work as soon as possible, but the resumption of work and face the risk of epidemic prevention and so on. After discussion, we think that no matter what the local laws and regulations, the health of the staff must be the first, so the staff must be healthy and the property building has done a very good preventive measures, before the resumption of work.

Under this principle, our resumption of work is being carried out step by step. If conditions are met, it will be earlier; if conditions are not met, it may be later. The current situation is basically back to work 30-50% , most employees are still working from home.

Internal organizational changes are also under way. One of its core values is that "warriors are more important than slackers" . Under the epidemic situation, we see that everyone's pay is different, which is a warrior, which is lazy, which organizations to expand, which organizations to shrink, will be more clear. Many things are easier to implement with this core value in mind.

Its second core value is that "employees matter more than shareholders" . If our employee can get the benefit, he must get the benefit before the shareholders.

If we were to arrange layoffs or pay cuts because of an epidemic, I think that would be an overreaction. People tend to make mistakes when they overreact. It would be better to make a long-term arrangement.

Dialogue by Guo Sheng:

Job Seekers are advised to acquire new skills

Be Sure to reorient your career

Burning Finance and Economics: Last year, many enterprises laid off workers, and this year began to meet new challenges, there are a number of fresh graduates also began to apply for jobs, the situation will further aggravate?

Guo Sheng: There's not that much demand for hiring, but it hasn't gone into unemployment. This is mainly because China's supply of young workers is shrinking and the country is ageing.

Like 985,211 graduates, they will still have a large number of enterprises to compete for. More difficult is the problem of students in some colleges and even colleges. What they learned was out of touch with society, so he couldn't adapt to it.

Burn Finance: What advice would you give a fresh graduate job seeker?

Guo Sheng: my advice to them is, first of all, make yourself stand out and get some skills. Average, unexceptional job-seekers saw their pay increase by only 5% year-on-year this year, according to a survey by Zhaopin.com. But for skilled workers with experience in IT, products, and programs, salary increases can range from 10% to 15% . If you can develop some skills by the time you graduate, it will go a long way in your life.

Second, in addition to trying to find opportunities, it is more important to find opportunities that suit and match yourself. We used to send out resumes by sea. Now we should use the deep drilling method to find ways to do research on the industries and enterprises we are particularly interested in, and cultivate our own cognitive ability and contacts in this field, and find a way to find diamonds in this industry.

Burn Finance: Will All job seekers need to lower their expectations and reposition their careers for some time to come?

Guo Sheng: there are a lot of new jobs coming out of the country, and a lot of jobs will be eliminated, so you have to reposition your career. For example, many journalists have now become journalists from the media, which is also a kind of repositioning. Only in this way can we keep pace with the times and remain invincible in this society.

Lowering your expectations depends on what you expect, whether it's money or growth and learning in your career, and whether it's long term or short term, and it's definitely going to go down in three months, but if you expect the dimensions to be three years, you don't have to be desperate if you're on the right track. I think society is fair to everyone. It's about which track you will be on in the future, and how long and hard you are willing to run on this track.

As an example, he was a classmate of mine, and when we graduated from business school, we were all investing, consulting, and making very high salaries. He was the only one who went to an Indian Steel Company with a very good education and a very good background. We asked him, "why did you go to this Steel Company? " He said that no one would go to this steel company, so I was a very powerful man there. In the end, he became the CEO of this company, it is now the world's largest steel company, as if it were TATA Steel.

Video interviews don't have to be a wind tunnel

The interview must be a combination of video and offline

Burning Finance: Video interview is very hot recently, do you think it will be a long-term "vent" ?

Guo Sheng: the video itself is a vent, but the video interview is not necessarily a vent. In the video, you see a lot of information is incomplete and incomplete, but enterprises through video interviews, certainly still want to understand job seekers, and there is a very strong interaction, i would like to know if the applicant and the enterprise have a very good chemical reaction. Since the video interview is remote, a lot of rich information may not be captured. So I think this is a huge obstacle to the video interview.

Now in the case of no contact interview, enterprises have no choice but to do video interview. So I think the video itself is a long-term exposure, and the interview itself is a traditional industry. In the future, the interview must be a combination of video and offline state.

Burning Finance and Economics: A lot of people are not willing to interview online, what good method is there? If the initial interview through video interview, after the interview still need face-to-face?

Guo Sheng: if a candidate isn't willing to say yes to your online interview, then that person isn't interested in your company. If it's an entry-level position, you can just pass it. If it's a senior position, there may be other ways to contact him, to help him get rid of the psychological barriers to online communication. Some standard skills, such as financial accounting, are perfectly acceptable for online interviews. However, face-to-face interviews and even group interviews are necessary for those positions with high requirements and high relevance to organizational culture.

Burning Finance and Economics: Will you be Haina, yards such professional online interview (written test) providers, as well as Zoom, Small Fish Yilian such remote conference software as competing products? Compared with them, what are the advantages and disadvantages?

Guo Sheng: I don't think it's a competition. They're more of a video tool vendor than a hiring tool vendor. So our strengths are not necessarily in video, but in interviewing and human resources.

The needs of users and customers remain the most important thing

Take the long view. The epidemic will pass

Burning Finance: Although online recruitment is an old industry, but new models and new players are emerging in succession, in recent years feel what competitive pressure? How do you respond?

Guo Sheng: this uncertainty, including changes in the macroeconomic environment, the shift from high to low job hopping in China, and the disappearance of the Mobile Internet dividend, will create a lot of stress. How to get more users in this process is also a major issue that we are facing.

But no matter how the environment changes, the constant is to look at user needs, to see which new technologies are easier to get out of, to see how the organization's ability to exercise. No Enterprise has a once-and-for-all approach to the core or to grasp the needs of users and customers, without them there is no us, this is the most important thing.

Burning Finance and Economics: Since last year, the authorities have cleaned up the big data-related industry, with some "buying and selling" resumes being investigated and prosecuted. What do you think is the cause of this wave of regulation? What is the impact on the industry?

Guo Sheng: Shady deals like "buy and sell" resumes have a huge negative impact on the industry, but some businesses and even many hackers still do it on the sly, which is not good for users' privacy. Punishing these companies is a good thing. It keeps the industry healthy. In the past we have to sue such a resume trading company to do all kinds of evidence, to refute this presumption of innocence. We're in a much healthier situation, with 50 boxes of documents to prove the other company is up to no good.

Burning Finance and Economics: 2020 complex situation, Zhaopin.com recruitment this year what are the most important things? After delisting from the US stock market, is there any plan for Zhilian to enter the domestic capital market next?

Guo Sheng: there are a lot of uncertainties in 2020, but if you look at the bigger picture, there are a lot of problems that can be solved, and the current epidemic is just a little hiccup in the long term, so you don't have to think about it too complicated, and most companies can survive it. Since the delisting, our main objective has been to get the domestic capital markets program back up and running, and we are confident in our domestic capital markets.

How has the epidemic affected your job search?

You are welcome to leave your story in the comments section, and we will send you a tencent video season card from one of the top three likes (over 20) . Please Click on the public number of the menu "reprint cooperation. ".

First-hand Information / Hard Core Report / daily Red Envelope / offline activities! All that's missing is you! Speed Up Wechat rancaijing02 reply "reader" one button on the car!

How has the epidemic affected your job search?

You are welcome to leave your story in the comments section, and we will send you a tencent video season card from one of the top three likes (over 20) . Please Click on the public number of the menu "reprint cooperation. ".

First-hand Information / Hard Core Report / daily Red Envelope / offline activities! All that's missing is you! Speed Up Wechat rancaijing02 reply "reader" one button on the car!

I think I'm watching it

WECHAT SWEEPS UP Praise for author

####Send it to the author

People Admire

Long-press the QR code to transfer the funds to me

WECHAT's iOS version of the APP has been turned off to support public accounts through Qr code transfers due to apple's new rules.

Go to "discover"-"take a look" browse "friends watching"

Sent

####Send it to take a look

Sending

A scan of wechat
Pay attention to the account


-------------
title: Guo Sheng says wage cuts should start with the boss, not the employee
source: Burning Finance
authors: _
editors: _
proofreader: _
photographer: _
translator: _
via: https://github.com/2019ncovmemory/nCovMemory
link: https://mp.weixin.qq.com/s/YaOJHBbP-VMqrgVvwVZ5lg
archive: http://archive.ph/hNi9E
snapshot: https://github.com/2019ncovmemory/nCovMemory/blob/master/archive/jpg/1800.jpg
lead: Try Not to react to stress at any time. Good long-term planning leads to healthy tissue.
cover: data:image/jpeg;base64,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
