##I was in Sardinia, talking to the Italians about the new coronavirus

Micro-signal chancat123

Feature description: a heart on the road with a stay hungry stomach

It was an ordinary weekend for Sardinians.

Sardinia, the second largest island in the Mediterranean, has a typical Mediterranean climate, with hot, Dry Summers and mild winters, which are particularly warm and dry.

——1——

Friday night, I asked a friend to eat lobster, eat high place, looked up, the restaurant is full, the dinner is louder than one voice.

Lobster

It was an uneventful Friday night in the Sardinian capital of Cagliari, unaware of the impending outbreak.

It took half a day on Saturday to sober up, and Friday night's free refills of white wine, and I drank a lot of it without knowing it.

At 2:30 in the afternoon, half asleep, I put on my clothes, put on my dark glasses, and walked to the square in the center of the city, waiting for my friends to pick me up and go to the beach.

With no large buildings in the square, perfectly exposed to the sun, I could see people already drinking beer and coffee in short sleeves.

These ordinary moments of the weekend, I know, are a luxury in a country where the epidemic is not good.

When friends arrived, we drove west to the small town of Quartu near Cagliari. Sardinia mountainous terrain, I was not a carsick person, to Sardinia first dizzy bus, then dizzy private car, more than once, this place magnetic field is not the same.

Driving out of Cagliari, you're basically swinging up and down the mountainside, and you see Green Mountains, not steep, not much exposed rock, not a lot of old building debris, and it's pretty natural. Mountain road narrow, occasionally can also be seen riding a bicycle and riding a motorcycle, very fast, on the driving vehicles, the islanders unusual health.

That's pretty much the way it went down

In Sardinia, the sun doesn't skimp. I was sitting in the passenger seat with my sunglasses on, and it was hard to open my eyes, and my friend was driving with his sunglasses off and his visor down, and he was going in and out of the tunnel, and I suspected for a moment that he was driving with his eyes closed.

Finally, out of a tunnel, he lowered the visor, and I said in English, now I know you're not driving with your eyes closed.

Over the mountains opened to a beach, few people, very quiet, the sea is very clear, the quality of the beach in general. This level of beach in Sardinia I think is a place of daily open air, not the kind of umbrella full of recreational beach, not the kind of beautiful resort.

Few people. The ocean is clear

As someone who has always lived on the mainland, I am rarely curious about the daily lives of the island people.

Me: "When you were young, how to spend the weekend with your family Ah, will often come to the seaside? "

FRIEND: "there is a beach near my house. Oh No, there is a house near the beach, so I come to the beach a lot on weekends. "

See, it's not uncommon for people to go to the beach. For example, it's like going to the mall after we eat out at the weekend.

I was in Cagliari last week on a simple hiking trail with friends, and I ran into a lot of people taking their kids up the mountain. For me, who has always lived on the big city plains, it is a magical experience to take a 15-minute bus ride from the city centre to the foot of the mountain in Cagliari, then climb for more than 30 minutes to watch the sunset on the rocky beach, after all, 15 minutes from the East Gate of Peking University might not be in Xidan. This is true in the capital of Sardinia, which can be imagined as a true embrace of nature.

It's a city view

After a while in the sun, we walked along the dirt road by the sea (so you can imagine how pristine the beach is) to the car and watched the golden sunset, the wild flowers along the road, quiet and gentle.

The Pristine Island of Sardinia

No one watches the sunset in Sardinia, sunset by the sea just like we clock in every day. I love the beauty of not being affected and not being surprised.

Sardinia feral

Is Close to the return journey of Carsick, I think it may be my wine did not sober up quickly.

I packed up and went to bed early because I had to climb the mountain the next day. By this time the Italian virus storm had already swept through the north.

——2——

The next day, I set off with another friend, also in a car, and headed first to the Iglesias neighborhood.

Along the way is the same natural, layers of mountain, occasionally see sheep.

Around Pan Di Zucchero, it wasn't very sunny, so it wasn't very hot, so we decided to climb first.

Pan di zucchero

The hiking trails in Sardinia are also primitive and poorly planned, and I sometimes slip in my hiking shoes. But that's the fun of exploring nature. I've been spending my weekends either visiting mountains or looking at the sea. Every time I'm on the road, Sardinia is a paradise for outdoor enthusiasts.

The islanders also love nature, walking a few small hill, under the guidance of the islanders, I know the Wild Olive, fig, sage, know a kind of juice poisonous flowers and Fox excrement, for me a city child, this is definitely new knowledge.

As we climbed up, the sun broke through the clouds. Sunlight really is the perfect filter, and when it hits the water, it starts to look different colors.

It would be more painful to slide up and down, and my legs would shake at the end.

After coming down, sitting under the sun, while drinking coke, looking at lying on the ground in the sun dog, I think, I am afraid that the islanders do not understand what "winter is coming. ".

In the afternoon, we moved to the beach, spread a blanket on the beach, lay down in the sun, right hand far away there is a small stretch of the sea stage, small stage with cheerful Spanish songs, a small group of Salsa Dancing; The people on the back right were lying on the beach like me, and the dogs on the left were having fun on the beach, circling their owners. Meanwhile, the number of new coronaviruses in Italy is exploding, and on this beach, everyone is enjoying the moment.

If the moment on the beach is the permanent background of our lives, I'm afraid that drugs and love will disappear into the world.

——3——

I was fortunate enough to meet some of the kindhearted islanders in a full screen of news stories complaining about Discrimination Against Overseas Chinese. Most Islanders, at least, did not discriminate against me explicitly. Instead, at this point, my friend invited me to his house for dinner.

I've been to three Italian families, and each of them has a big house, and they're very artistic, and they have all kinds of paintings.

When I got home, I had a quick chat with his family, and given my current level of Italian, I couldn't talk much, his mother was baking lasagna, smelling the aroma of Lasagna, stroking his cat, one big and a little shy, the other little girl, i'm not afraid of anything. I just got here an hour ago, and I'm jerking off on my lap.

At first I thought the Italian word for "mother's taste" was exaggerated, but it turns out it wasn't. The good Italian food isn't in the restaurant, it's at home, believe me.

Lasagna.

And the magic is, we're eating, and we're watching the news about the new coronavirus.

And to top it all off, my friend has a fever at this point.

We joked that you weren't patient zero on the island.

It's actually something I ate, so I'll be fine if I just take a break.

Is Italy really as optimistic and ignorant as we are told? No. It's all over the news. The government takes this as seriously as we do.

My friend's sister, who is studying in the hard hit region of Veneto, near Padua, skyped with her family at night and said there were few left in the supermarket.

In the face of disaster, the human response is similar.

The difference is that the response to the disaster.

The Chinese nation seems to understand what it means to be ready for trouble, and we can stop the joy of the great to avoid the tragedy of the small.

Not here. The Chinese are stocking up before the virus even gets here, and the Italians around me haven't thought of it yet. Mardi gras continues on the island. In Spain, the festival of Falla in Valencia, which ended in mid-to-late March, was not cancelled until February 26, when a confirmed case was reported in the region. And I understand the logic of that, let the tragedy that has happened continue, and let us enjoy the rest.

There is no danger, but concern. .

The logic of the former is that a large plate of grapes have a few bad, we do not eat, check which grapes will be affected, handled before eating;

The latter logic is, fresh grapes or the first time to eat AH, rotten on the bar, anyway, there will be first rotten.

The latter doesn't understand the former, because by the time you're done, the other grapes won't be the most delicious

The former doesn't understand the latter, because if you don't check, you'd better find more rotten.

I don't judge which is right, I just make a presentation to different culture and different thoughts.

First thing Monday morning, we're driving back to Cagliari, listening to old English songs, and the sun is shining on the island, and the virus, tomorrow, or the next minute, is not in your head, sardinia is such a pleasant place to be.

This kind of Sun, beach is the normal level of Sardinia.

When I arrived in Cagliari, the Chinese mentality of "preparing for a rainy day" was back. I wanted to buy a mask.

But I'm really afraid to buy it. As a Chinese, buying masks on the island really scares the islanders, because they understand that masks are for patients only and have no purpose of prevention, i haven't seen anyone wearing a mask with the various Italian flu cases around me lately. I asked my Italian friend if she wanted to buy a mask, and she said, no!

"Do you have glasses with a mask? No, why would you wear them? "

I can't even argue with that.

The Chinese logic is, we try to fill the loopholes, can not buy masks to create their own masks, I leave it to me;

The logic here is, there's always a chance of infection anyway, you worry it's there, you protect it's there, the probability is never zero, so why worry? Might as well eat and drink happily.

But I went into the pharmacy, where I pretended to look at the merchandise, but I was more interested in buying hand sanitizer. There happened to be an old couple. Do you have a mask? The waiter said they were out. And I'm done with it.

I went to a pharmacy the next day, and the waitress asked me if I needed help? The drugstore was too small, and I said it would be strange if I just looked around. I said I wanted to look at hand cream. After looking at hand cream, I looked at other shelves. I didn't have any hand sanitizer or face masks. I saw a special package of toothpaste, i told the clerk that the girl was so pretty that I wanted to buy it, and she happily paid for it.

I asked my colleagues, they also can not buy, so I think here is not necessarily still do not want to wear a mask, but really no ah..

No. What can you do? You just have to be optimistic.

——4——

In the afternoon, Tuesday, I told my colleagues that I wouldn't be going to a meeting in Rome next week because of the outbreak. Colleagues said, really do not fear, the death of the elderly, the Italian flu is much more severe than this.

They're more afraid of being psychotic when they're not infected.

The physical discomfort that comes with mental stress often seems to go unnoticed in our health care system, and we prefer to see tangible results, like whether we're cured or not. The logic is, get nervous for a better tomorrow; the logic here is, I don't know if there's going to be a tomorrow, but you can't even have a good day if you're nervous right now.

In short, we believe more in physical protection, and here we agree that mental health is more important than physical protection.

There is also a fact that can not be ignored is, here, can not achieve nearly 100% domestic protection, in the case of too many omissions, the mask can play a much smaller role, let me briefly comb.

For one thing, people who don't work and don't go to school are more likely to run if they're suspended. What do you say, we stick to our guns like we do at home? I don't think it's operational. A government without human rights is dead. Moreover, large-scale suspension of work and school can not afford the economy, the economic downturn will cause more serious consequences than the spread of the virus, after all, here can not tighten their belts.

And if you don't Stop Work and school? Well, then everyone's GonNa be exposed to a lot of people, so take my profession. As a teacher, you can't wear a mask to class, can you? You don't know who your students have been exposed to, so even if you go out and wear a mask, you have a pretty good chance of getting infected. If you don't wear a mask, at least you won't get beaten up by racists, and at least you'll have some fun with your local friends.

However, no matter it is not right, adapt to local habits, will make your life more comfortable.

On Tuesday night, as if Cagliari were truly independent of Italy, a final wave of Mardi gras parades took place in the High Street.

That street, it's my way home from work, my friends back home, are you all scared to death?

I'm telling you, you're here and you're not afraid.

Because the Cagliari vibe is so infectious.

It's nothing compared to Ryaux's carnival, where the townsfolk play the drums and sing songs, and the families dress up and go wild. I can't tell you how happy I am not to be here, but in Tuesday, where infection numbers are growing fast, I was so touched by the exuberance of the citizens of Cagliari, that I couldn't help but join in on the way home. It's a one-way Street. You can't help it if you don't join in

Mardi Gras parade in Cagliari

But what I was really feeling at the time was happy, not anxious.

What I really feel is that emotions spread faster than viruses.

I had a cognitive loosening, for me it is a very good is also a very reflective experience. There is no cross-culture in my mind at this moment, at this moment, I have become or represent another culture, which is not mutually exclusive with my original culture, but mutual understanding.

I was happy in the moment when I followed the parade down the river, but I didn't forget to exercise more at home to boost my immunity.

On Wednesday, my colleagues and I were still bonding; I had a light snack and coffee with them after class, as we always do, and I wasn't put off by the virus.

But is that Pollyanna? Not Exactly. My colleagues think it's only a matter of time before the virus gets to the island. I still do.

——5——

Finally, my last value.

It's been a long time since we met in China, but my students are still talking about where we're going to have dinner, and my friend wants to have dinner with me.

Our system has always been designed to live, and I am now amazed to find that the ancient Taoist wisdom of "life and death" resonates with the islanders today, more than 2,000 years later. This is not a fear of death, but a fatalistic view of death.

In the midst of this great health event, I felt a cross-cultural clash like never before.

From the superficial level of wearing a mask, to the spiritual level of the future attitude and understanding of the value of life.

For too long, we've been so used to hearing each other's thoughts that we've been accused of being louder than we've been listening to them, and we're so used to knowing that we're right.

Maybe we did the right thing. But how many people are now 100 percent sure that the virus came from game?

Technology is changing, cognition is changing, but the ability to listen and empathize remains constant.

We didn't realize the importance of non-discrimination in political correctness before, but one day when discrimination is coming, we found that political correctness is the protective clothing of the weak, and in this world, there will not always be the strong.

There have been many Italians because of the virus discrimination against the Chinese, once northern Italy often open southern map guns, now northern Italy has become a disaster area, the world cycle.

You never know what it's like to be discriminated against.

2020 will not be a new year, but hopefully, one day when the virus is gone, we Chinese will remember that we were once discriminated against today and show compassion to the other disaster-stricken parts of the world, i also hope that Italy, where I live now, will remember that at the beginning of this year, the virus will not belong to one people, he is the old adversary of all mankind.

Today, Friday, I got up the nerve to go to the drugstore and ask, do you have a mask?

No, of course not, but there was no panic among the staff either, with the words, I think we're all "evolving. ".

Harvard, Harvard

From Italian friends: Vediamo Questo Fine Settimana Prima di Morire Tutti di us?

Summary Author:

Now working in Sardinia, Italy,

(prefer to be) called the Lord of the island,

Worked in the Netherlands, Spain, and at home,

Transformed by the Italians into a spiritual southern European.

WECHAT SWEEPS UP Praise for author

####Send it to the author

People Admire

Long-press the QR code to transfer the funds to me

WECHAT's iOS version of the APP has been turned off to support public accounts through Qr code transfers due to apple's new rules.

Go to "discover"-"take a look" browse "friends watching"

Sent

####Send it to take a look

Sending

A scan of wechat
Pay attention to the account


-------------
title: I was in Sardinia, talking to the Italians about the new coronavirus
source: liu-lang-mao-she
authors: _
editors: _
proofreader: _
photographer: _
translator: _
via: https://github.com/2019ncovmemory/nCovMemory
link: https://mp.weixin.qq.com/s/wrs_KPLFaYknoaYyDPDtgw
archive: http://archive.ph/GvzgV
snapshot: https://github.com/2019ncovmemory/nCovMemory/blob/master/archive/jpg/3676.jpg
lead: It's an unsolvable cross-cultural case, but I want to tell you what the Italians around me are thinking.
cover: data:image/jpeg;base64,/9j/4AAQSkZJRgABAQAAAQABAAD/2wBDAAYEBQYFBAYGBQYHBwYIChAKCgkJChQODwwQFxQYGBcUFhYaHSUfGhsjHBYWICwgIyYnKSopGR8tMC0oMCUoKSj/2wBDAQcHBwoIChMKChMoGhYaKCgoKCgoKCgoKCgoKCgoKCgoKCgoKCgoKCgoKCgoKCgoKCgoKCgoKCgoKCgoKCgoKCj/wAARCADMAeADASIAAhEBAxEB/8QAHAAAAgIDAQEAAAAAAAAAAAAAAgMEBQEGBwAI/8QASBAAAgEDAwIEAwUGBAUBBQkAAQIDAAQRBRIhMUEGE1FhInGBBxQykaEjQlKxwdEVYnLhFiQzgvAXCDRDVNJEY4OSk6KywvH/xAAaAQADAQEBAQAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAQIDBAUG/8QAJhEAAgICAQUBAAIDAQAAAAAAAAECEQMSIQQTMUFRIhQyI0Jhcf/aAAwDAQACEQMRAD8AhhKIL1poTFEFrss4mKCcVkDmmhTRBPlRYheyshabsrIWlYlyAqjOKyE5poTvRBadjFhPSiVeKYqUxUxSsFYlU9KNV4poX2olShDAAo1SmIvNGq0DSFKlMVMc0xU5owoA6UWAoLTFQAdKNVzRqnFGwAKOaNU6+9GFo0U0tgFhccUwDijVKMJSsYrBpiIcZpirRhTSHQIUUQWjVOelMC4pWUkLCcUYQUwDPyo1TNTsOharjpRbPWmKtGFBFKykhYUUaoecUxUpirU2UkKWOmhM1G1S+ttLspbu8kEcMaljk8nA6D1NaPb/AGveHXiiaX7xG7xs5XZnaQThSfU4+XNKxnRAoxzTFXiuCeIftc1C8vrb/BCbG3RGMiyIGMjckc+nQVFi+1bUtOjt47Gc3YMZec3MeP2rEkhefwjtU8jtH0SiUaoK4v4I+1TULu7tLXWUttk0uxrlzsCL3OPb+tdj0u/tNTtxPp9xHPCSRuQ5GazbaKXJIVRRhaNV9RRheaz2K1FhOKyqU4LxSGvrOK6itpLqBbiXOyIuNzY64FLYpIYEJ6UQSqOTxl4fjtDcvqUKw+b5OTnJfuMVdw3EM1ml0rgQMu8M/wAPHrz0pbDSMhQK8F9K+b/tL+0i81rVZLbSppbfTYHITadrORwWOO3celR9C+0S/tLy3M13MlqqYZPxKCFwv03DJq6dWTsjvfijxPpfhlLd9XmaNZ2KoVUtjHUnFare/a34disZp7Vpp3UfAjDYXPPA/L9RXCPHHiKXxHrMt47NtYL8O4kA45wOwrXcnHXiqUeOSHKmbd468eal4tlVbkLb2SHKW0ZJXPPxEnqcGtOYisE9aEirToXkwaX0pnPpQkZp2IA81gg7aPaaynDetFjGR2UskKyLsO44VA2WY+y9akSWQhhiImRjKhcj+HHr/aisLj7lcx3MYVimSUzjnpXrS2MzKRuILfEozn68d80WAjd8AjRVCn4dzAD65q2h8PSRQNc3ssMEIAZTLn4x8hznkcdefY4RqWnSW98kEMMzBh5gG3qPUe3Xmtls4bzxBPBPqF1ZwwrkQ24m8sLxjdtGTye/U9uKLEQ/DGhQXvmT3JUxBgiLvIkHP4gg/FjjJzgZx1q41jR7TTdNuI543id8JEjMFkLMfhbackYxn5Z6Vc3NjZwaODqQke1h42xbkZGLcYY8uSeAAACTnoKqrmZnlUSQx3Ot52LEOVt145PbceMnqW6YA5Bm6KvPNFtFGqUapXXZxigvpTAvtTBHWQpNFgL28UQUUwIe9EsftQnQAbeOlEqUwJjtRKlFgLC0YQZpojownNFgKCcUQX1poT1owvpRYClWjCelNVOKNUHNIdClWjCUxVFMVKLAUqUarjpTggolSk2FCQtMVKYEFGqUth0LVQBRBfWmBOaYq0tiqFBMUxVFGq+1GqUrHQtVowlZkljiCCSRE3sFXccbiegFVPibxHpvhq1E2pzbS+dka8s5HoKLKSLhVAFEFrnU/wBrejRx6fKkEzpcNiTkAxAHBJHetX8bfa5d/eZrXw55SWxjG25Iy4J5PB4HpUleDsWr6pYaNarc6ncx28JYIGc9WPYVpXiD7WNF0tglpG9+zR71MTALnPAJP51wrX/E2q66wOp3s06LgqjH4QQMZA6Z68+9U27kmkI7lpH2125tJhqenyLc5YxmHBXr8IOf51M037aNPa3tjqFk8UrSFZPLbcEX+LHWvn/eKzuPakNHYftV+0HRvEOjtY6ckzyxTRyQzkFQeDu49uBXI2fOeevtilD3owKB1YQLE5yaYnvQD8qfCjyAhelKxpErTXzdxsyCUhgNhOAe3Wu1fYVceRqF1bTC6UDc8caDMWTwST3/AA4HzritouHChEfa2SGBw3t69q+hfsnmgsrNUvlFnFHEblS5wCpGCWOcDb02j16msckuC4Io9S8X+IE8ZQalaWN2kNwhhtbGUEmYD97bn4eB1rofh3xg80VuNetJbKWePzVcoRGEAySzHgEYP5fSuU+PftBh/wAfhk0eaO9FnI2JHj+CRW4KqeDgD1659q0fWfFd7ql1O5zDbPGI1tkclIx3wD6nP51mk2W2kdF8UfbDqLRajp8FrHbXCzFIZ4JNy+X6nPXIwQR61zTS9Za1uby+eSb/ABBl/YSIeY3LZLZ7cVUFywAwAAAOO9YC1okkQ22SUnllleWSXncXJY9WPU4q7/4014aLJpQ1CY2TrsZCc5X0zWvBcdKyFosQBJJyc5oSPyp4SveWc09gojFaEgjpUny8npQtH6UrYURivpWNpqSY6xs5wOtGzCiNtNe29alLGoVixGfepclpaeXB5d6HYxl5A0RUIc/gz3Pv06UWworEi3AnqByasksoHwHZlIwHJHMfTPw45wT8+PrTdFsDeXaxC4igf8SGU4DEdMH1zgcVaiK70+eaw1EXIk3mW4jyWwOok9wQcZHpmnsFGv2kUD3DW0mGLnYsygnHxD4tvfjIx71eeD9QhsPOW8mjjihfeUKjdIehAP0HHv7VsF14cj1O20xLCPzZLhpTuQgM2xCSQfQHHHQ+3WqHxVoF7pX3BrlIJUulzDcQcGTp8LDpuGRyP17UpJhRMsdObWbubVtRKRm7JlS3RSBsGcY6Ejjtxxk10bRtGtLRHvS7W0jJhZFT4iTk7V64AyATnJyenas0+fS9R0RbmwlSxkj8qze3Z900eWw3J5ZSM4x0xUzxHcPfWsGgaIcXN2WEaAf9CIdWYjOMKBxycnt0qbCjTdV1WW81uQafGJYIXMaNIPwuAVaZsZ5AJCk89+vNWGkaHPfLIlqzp95ZGe5nHlRbMnaqL+Jx3Az175rcvD32a2GlvF54kupl/GXO1QewCjgD588Ctw0TR109ZoyoMW8PHly+OPfpjtT2CjTlTijVcU1U7dKyErss4qFqpo1T1pqpRBKLHQsL7VkKacEolj9aLChQTIo1UCmhaIR0WAoLRhKYEoglLYdC1WiC89KYExRqhNKwoWF5owtMWP5UwJU7DoUq+lGi89KaqZpgjxSsaQoJRrGaYq4FGq5pALCgdqILTAho1UYosaQoKaNY6aFwKILmlZSQsLiq/W9Xs9EsZbm+mVAqMyoThnwM4FR9X8UaTo+pW1jqFyEnnBK+igfxHtXAPtO8Y/8AE+sn7vvSxgzHENx+PBPxY7Zp2Mx4v8ZXGrILf7w80cN0bm3nIw4DD8DfL2961LUNQub6XzbyeSaTJOXYnryai5xQs1FgErcUJbg0IySaLb60rGkCC3PNZUZ6msgelEqjDHcpxjv1+VIdGREcjAoo4mdgE5PUAdazETuBHBqbC2EiieR44y/Jx+Ec8jHXqaQ6IYTtjJ9qdHb7gCGBHfPG2rnRrNUkSVypJb4MkfEMZPJHX2q51fTIXuEuUgSKObCp5bHCSdidxIIJzkZx0qNitSht9GlKyfemNu4IBEsbYAPTkA4P9KufCEqWD3Ed5BI8Nyvlo8GHIdgSqjtuJxgnpg1NTU9Q1GOK31BpFeZAsUsMuxHJH7xIIz0yO/QVXadok1289qIS9zaRnzLe3BLOuCfMz325H04qHLgpIk6ZDc6fqiNbMl1JOCqvKcE7cZPOAASMe4Pripnja8mubG2vHu5T99JJhEgKqV45A5JHIyRzu7VZWdkbjR7bUhBbmaeKRo9zkRxCNDleff4ifVlH7taDOxlkJ6L1CjoM9cCoT2Y3wiMFo0SmonrT446uyEhKx0ax1ISE5NSYrcntUuSQ0iEIvamCHNW1tYNMQqcuSFC9OvuakQac8jmBYmabPwhecnvUOaGkUggxXhEc8CthtdN+8SYAxk4wPzJ+QAP6etMv9Mgt3QW8rTBgfj2FecngA9uKnuFUa15OQfUV5LbLKpIG73/8xW12GgzXFm1x5DyQAncUYZwuM5GOnPU8VIj06JLcuFt2ctkRXEbkkdOGxto7g9Skl0EWUto14z+TKrONqEFivYZ4x75pM1s8F5eLbW4dSoXaoDAZPBB57CrE3M+magjRiWNIsp93eXftyMMBnsfSth8E6VZajbTy8JOkheSMRFljU9MbfiXHHfnvQp1ywo1Ww0aOeM7laNclQ8q7FU8HO7nNTtE8GzazbltOSVJ4JvKlmLKYVwOw5LE9eOK3Tw8I3vm0e4hX7q8jxQmUHy5Nw3qrSYGeeQO+cVc3NvZ6Pr0EtzYR2MM0MiXUYyBujXeGUHrgBhuBOcgUu4VocuXwve3GoX9pbLZXLW7mNzGu1SFHLYwQuCcZ4JPAzULV7O/sLcwXdtNOS3Msqh3jYDGBIpORjs2PlXdfCmnpa6CJprObzryR7uRWZQAWY7QxJ5wuBzVbc6HNrV9I84NpYAbQEUjew5RsjGQGwc98DHFWsn0nTg0H7PG0nXboWWqxWkFxFb+VAyR7GkO4sz5GMvtAUCmfaNptqniPQ7DR7u9uvMlLGOaYuI3LqMKW5BOOflW5SeC9G8RaNK0cUcOpA7ZrtSdyTrwykcAjPPyOc1zfw9ZawvjvTdNZ43vrG4MUa3DM8Ue0lj05K5+LjrVxd+CWqRa/arpA0nVbe+ZbeC8lJOyJmcShSBlieSTnknsO9b99n/hqe1guNR1J/K1i42hgiACBNoKxqOgHPI9a1iHTJte+1aRNTunv4tKUNPJ5YSMMvO1VH4V3HHJJODmuqW99HPN5kW8wOo/aFSASD7+3fpQ36BKySkRQ5Llvpj60WKznPSvHpxU2VRogjoxHinKvpRqldtnDQkJRBMU9Y6YI6FKgojhPashOOlSPLo1T2o2FRHWPjpRLHUnZxWVjo2HQjy6IJ608RmjCegpWNIQE9qyEzUgRk0QjIo2HqR1TrxTFSnhKzsNLYKEqnNGq/lTVTijWOiyqFBfaiA9acseKLZz2pWFCVTvRBfanbOKyq+1LYaQpU9qGdhBBJKxACKW5OBx71J2n0rl3/tAS3cPhyzELhbd58SDbzkDI5pKVsdUcO8U6j/ievX94oKrNIWCly2PkTziqYk0+TJJY8k9aDbn2rSyaEFSe9Y2etPKVlYWbB2nHr2NIoQBgVlRkgVMSLZKI5UO4/wADDP8AasyCPO1o8HOdyptJ+YpDSIRXBOeKk28K5zKcITjOM81KsEtHWRbkPvx8GG2hj7nsB7UckJt1aNJo5rZsKZV5wevTOeD3xSsZHMARFlRg679uAcE8enap/wCxlhR8AgyKrRpknGeh/wDMVN0+wtr3VNMWWRMXKlpI7fLMpGQFxgYJwO59a3VfB1nLpV0IUt5riKJl2yvsYMo52SDAbk9GB98ZrOU0ioxsqNKlubd7vT1jyyyND5MoDFgCNseRyp5yTnnH1qbdwW66KlvZzXEN5dTpbzWjyBssWDF++0YB5HtULQnaW9Ona5JLa3txNHMs8pEY2kAsS3XlQCD0JNbZa2txd+O3soWSRtOjmSM7ViCl0wSTjgqCOn8PGM1k5UXFWWen2em6naXNubOZraUbljjhJwvAABUEAjaCCDkfKqMw2ul3Asr+9YujNLp+qWzBZUmPISViAc5Iyx4Iz6DHabu2h0vTYAyRKsZCgjCgAqUAJ7dRzxiqrxNotvd6NcFVjEX3dRLFKBiSMDcpB67hztPrxmsO5ya6cHNfCUsNjbazp2v3EMaaYssobyyGnMhBUKccZYA44zkY71y4Rksd34u9bbbWQsbzU7S5je4uDCnks0nCLgNuPTJ2EAemSfSqOK2MkmAOSeBWsXTbM5fCJHDzwKlx2rFSeMCp8GnyHB8tufUYFWsGkSbIW3wHzRkftBheejeh4/Wk5iSKeO1Knkcip0FsqqGDjJz8IHKkdM1sFvot3Ah3WvwMudsiE9D+LHUVYSaPMiB5lWdFUIJI2GF4PH09CPrWTmPViLDS1Fsk9s0Mq7csrKIznv8AiJDD1HQntUyHww2oW8vlxu1wpzJHFDhoOcAMmPbseaOws5bSaOWIkGNtw+lbbb3Nle3Vo8cA0+ZJOZEIwBjrnHrzz61nJtMpV7NF0zTEhu721uIUa7jyUeSXy1XbncCCOcjt19KstUsYX8PufINpNAyOInnYsTj8W0jBB3dsYHrW0+IfDcdpe2T3lytxZzysTKhVZOTkk9fnmoOvaVPZWTt5hvLCWZAl2Rkgj93347/Siw4Nf0fTrxrffpl2sSSxlrgyfCg3E8DBy3y7Yz6Vi5hvFeSIlJ2lH44ZXlEuDzhAArHgAqf1q10wQWzGWb4EDlgjxgb1ySARjBHQ9f7VZ6heaXqEJWwna3uZUbzmIx8ROQFH77E8A8ADk+lTtyUkqOYfdIpLmVpWIiDAMOIWUklQVBz0OCR2FXUGryzypPaKtn4hgAjV4WCrdj8Ozb0PvzjjrWxS+HZrbRdQgeDzoy8YSbG2WRnbAwDywLBvfvir+8tLHUpIfD91a299MzMVm/A+0AYxn8D5BB69MgHNU8g1AoNImg8RXdytzaiGQlI5rFYyBCEUqAzHuSWwPTGTxUjW7SS68LXtnqM33qW2mCw5O6WKUH9l7sjDaPUEnqOmL7wFfaFeDUvDt2bi5twXlhmG4DH7oY/i4zwcdOvSn6Xqf/EUWuag6CL7tDFN5O0DZKinLg9cgAgccdeCaeyfgaT9l74DaPVtIivJ2mlnVmSWJsCOGRT0VRxjngnJrYL9njb4HxkZPw5PzzVB4EtpxoP+JWcy/wDNXNxPJBIcRuGkOCpA+FsAeo9u9WlxqMN3OlnCsiagTxBJ8LH3znBUdSVJ9OtF8jSNPbSHbWZXt5biBZGIkaGRkdpWXcQWGCQAc+mTxxXPfCokv/tN86KWe6VZpHMjtmSVFUjqCMkgVe614hWysr610/znvprmS3iO5ic4KvIB2JLHA9T7VV/Y7bSDxxGDEf2Ecm//AC/u8/XiuiHCbMZ+aLb7LbaDVI9Ze4gu3muLoGQwuyKEOSQxyBjJ6ck+ldYhh8uJVOGIAXOMZA6Vzf7HYZpZddCSBLX7yCdnVjubgHsMda6filKVMcY8C69ijIoCKWw6NWVOOlGqY7U5U4o1Wuvc49RKpntTFj45poSmKnFG4aiRH7VkJinhBRKnFG4aiFTiiCelSAnpRBB+VG4KJHCHFEseOtSAorKrxxS3GkI2UQj9KeE9aIJRuPUQEx2ogg9KcE9qIJ7Uu4GokJ7cUQjpoQ9qJV9aW4UKCelZCVIaMA8YPuK8F4qdxpCdvtRBBimhaIUtyqFBa17x74YXxR4cuNP3Klx+OCRuiuPX2PStnxzXgtLuUGp8xaf9lfiGTUWtprMwhDzKSNhHse/+9WEn2TX1lfxC9DXNs/U2/BB7A57epr6LnfyYmcjOO1a1Nr1m7M6+bbsg3O77gi9ejAFe3ejvMNEccu/s5WCwd7O1muZ9xyHOFx2xkZ/qaR/wc9jZkRXc0TNtJBh3KxZsAY7d+QecV0u58WWyzzNcXoZSP+tDh0QZ6N8u5x+XeDe30cbHUEH3lXJ3NBcp5cSgcEDOefQe1PuMeqOXXenXf7S2vbeSeztsljBFuVQMk7hwR79fnWuXFpbPuMF0qRqTlJOCDnoF6j+ldcTUdLuPN+7S3VvE6hpEtYXDde4PBB6AjNTPu/hi0sRM95Bb3CsF8u4DKxcdvjHIGeeDR3aBQOFpZSmTNvtdk+LMRzWxWt3p+oOYdRtbWwbhcxwBFbnklsErwSeOOK6ReL4Vtti6j/hF/uUlmgUbnOeAAcEHtxxxVDqdj4ZvIisVhNYnPwXFqWlOcdCrHJx6AUd2+GPSjVtQ0+2sg17pN5byWjSgNbCYeYAOh/ixnPoRmuzeCfE2g6zpTW1xuSRFSNIGQM7/AAhQoHRm6jPccnnNcdKR2ssEWpxpdWH7k0AQSbecZ6kHvtb5UVyIdJvo7jR7/wA9XXzIZEG1o+cFJEbOD+YPvSktkOL1N58YeHJ9BurSK6htJINRDwNJcK0rW8RZFQMQcEx5Xay4xyOQeZf2TWMlraC8bc3nl1XB27vKmTJJ6NkPgD2AqVaXum+L/B15by3k9hrFlayO1sXOxwqhjtRs8HaOBgggGrP7GmhvdItxJ8UtgzeTaK2DI0h3GVs/ujaAOw2nqSBWEpNQdmsUtjqN8iu8SoiuXJDITwy45/p+dare211DerpejOdlwiOYWIBgjXcW2E54PAAORluMYrdbaAo/mSsGlYAeiqPQf36mofhqNbq6u9YxxdsEgB7QpwD/ANxy3y21ybm9HzxpmmXmv6tqctvLLPcIqKUK4kdRhTwOMIF7+g7mrSHwbL9+sl0yeME/E8m4kxY6ljjGcc47YIrdPs20+31XVfGTWqBYbhzGnJxgyMRyPlQ6HoZvNXudKtWRfIQwSy27/AibwSX9ScYA9RzWssjTpGSSrkoxoLefH5MD3KbR94mtyCCSeR88MOB0+lbhp/heSOGORVSCSQYIMEbcdCCeD0ArZIFt9H8tAEEdoT5bT5BJOedwHOc96m6XDZyTST3bXP3hiCqyMxGMdExway2cuAbUTRo9C1aF3lZ0ZEH/AEjGXzj/AFZ2/TNTtPmM0MUTxIXkz8MkQO7qMg5x684FbwqW08QEKSQqz53eWSWPsvTsOtJm0BJWAwjEsT+1jG4+5I5P8qtY2zNzNYTSLKdhsijtynAKM21iPXOMfOifwzK5H4SAM7iQDj+tbtplh92xCZFdl/cddwA9j1H1q7S1iRTiNOevFb48EpeyHNHHL7RJbY7ZFz6FSD/KmS/erq1keSCNrdE2SxxPsJBwNxX+ZH1rq095bw8F41x6qcVQ6no9vqKyXFrc24lxyq4VT8/Q+9VLD8YlI0C1SGSP7priXCxxJtjCKAX7qH56DrVje+C47mGRbCaPDKu+GP4BnH4tpGBn1GPnUqWKykgEV6ZHuIXxt83hk7qPQjqKVZzfdLmKC/d7jTcEQv7Edj/vxXPJfDRNmo3tlqum3FtH978x7aUoiuS6xcZzkZwOv61bx6vqkVpIuq6LY6haSKrtJb3SfEAMjGTwcYwOD6cmts13w48lsl3owLTptZo1nP7VQchee4Py6mqS5jjuXLw2STWAV5TZk7ZLdwMHnAPwk7tufl0rN/8AS4tejW7nXbu3SQTWGvW1oNpW2lQzRynOSjOeVU+gJ9welav4q1BNW1G51nSrLUbFmhIZ44wUlK8SFyDgAAqCeenI5ruOjS/fdAspvOSdWjXKhRy4HOTk81pHirwLd3yXR0+eOF9rOAGIE2f3XHTOON/fjI704TSZbVotPs2u7RvAlgYT/wC7q0Ug7h8kkD55GPnVodJtb2KRdUt45XZwzbuNndQCORjJ5HfNct+zHVo9G1W707V5DbJIRtEvCpMp7+n+wro/ja6aw8G6vdxyYkaAiNgc4LYUY/OqkqkODuJyXwLYWh8TarrdyS+l6Q0k6s3O5tx2cnknv88VR+FtcGirr12i7b+4hMVuDzsZ3+I/QfrirXTrptP8NppV2qxRTzx6i+f34FQkDI9WRRj3qL9mmgjXPE0ZuFzb23/MTDseeF+p/TNdadJtmDu6R0v7MdDvNG8OxpdiGMznzjGFPmcjjcc44GOAO/JrbcelPZec0rFc+9uzZRpUKYYoDTjSzTTCiiCUarmiXpzRrxXRucmphVx1poXisjGKJR60tx6ghc0YQUQFEMCjuBqCEyayEHNMUVnFLuD0ACCiVaMDiixS3DQDbRBcCiAolGOaNx6gAUQWj7Vmp7gaAAUQFZFZGKNxqAIFZx86IDFZpbjUAcVkCs14UthqJ6s4r1ZApbopQI97ALi2eI5+L0rXB4XiidpmE0xP4Y2k+Bcd/b+dbZjnFeKggqRkUu5Q1jRoN1pkSJI4tIr+YgLGrrlARkkgH6cjH96WfwZb3BF9NYfHwxIcRFj/AAoF4GMY6Y+ddVMSZB2jgYA9Kg6g6W6NcOnmSqMIg7D2FCy0HbOe6h4bMlqJLqe6s7ZCGV3vHO1v8oAyzYHAzj2qZpUetyuAsGm3dtEpCT3hMbxLjvhSuffaK2K1069uZfvWpqvnAHaHPwQjrwPyz0z+lWENqucQEyt3lk5VfUgdz+lDyjjA08WmoWEck9zpOhyPKBsP3mXzJjjoA6ZPHbj6CnLPOmx7rw5d2kRHxzwJFcFPYIhGB7kGtyt9KhimM2PMuD1kflj7Z7D2HFTI4VH7qrnrtHJ+tQ8paxmnhPCGsqYribTZezJdYSViOPi34YY9BgCtf8Z/ZZpl9pUl54SiSO8iUt5MMm6OcAcqOThvTnHauo3Flb3Shbq3hnReiyoHA+hFVs3g/QLh98mkWivjGYVMX/8AAipWbV3Y3is5voeh6Z9pHhKJty2fiWwjW3knAwXwMIZB3BHGeoIPyqp+z2+i0+V9NlnFh4hsp3W1lmc+TLzhreTsFJUkH1Ofnd+LvCtz4F1CLxJ4Q81bVDi5tiS4RT1JzyUPfPQ8/Kg8YQ6X4hRPFemh1idlTVbRCPMgc8CQeoPTPTOM9TWykpLzwzJx1/8ATquoa0utxWWmRvJp2pyXiW91byYEsKlH3EeoIB2uOORV54su00DwXqE9qojFvbeXCB0UkbFA+WRXGr2fVfDtzoUmovFqWnwzR3GnalgkmIfij3dcY6oehGRXQvtq1JYvBiQw7nS9mQLIoyu0fH198DH1rBxqSRe1oh+A2Tw79nMU5kWC5v2kuGkIyUiXjf8AQDA/zOK3DwXZS6ZorSPaMt7et94lQEEID+FfX4VwPnmtVGk3lzbeHdFBjinu4opJF/Ebe1hAPPYlnOT7gDnFdUt7CG3s4reDdFDEgUBT2A9alu2YtlTcSrLsjvLcjJywZSV+pXOPqKYltDPbgmGKdmYsGjkwOOM9qsSbeM4gLGQD93LHFVVxp8kUxvbORbKXHx7gXRh/mXpn3BzWsIURtZISx1KNg0E0ezbjy528z8mAGP1pRubiGQpdWLtKehjkAD/Lv+tHb6veALvs2kGf+pECVYeoGNw/L61n/Go5rh0+6ypwPjkikAP/AOyupKNflkckm1lutwAtJIT36MMenWpFxfyQIplhmCk4JVRx9M1Gt9Rt5JAlvIjSnJUQSb8+oIP506S+Num66iLMwOBEpJ46/D1rZUl5EZuL22hQveyTxpnHxqwH6Vr95daRqE+A9rDGrcu7kO+PTuBUv71HFILhVmnP/wAusT/CSf3c8Z9v5Uyyhh1mR5sRNEnwhTENwbvuz349Kzk3L8oaVeSh1Lw7/iEe611VDJyUjkKsQvYFgc/nmtUkvNSkhfw1dxW6zIx8priTZ5bdeD0Oe3zrpVx4Wt5ozGss67mJLMVY/IAjpWta/wDZz97hJs7iCOZAArOr/EB2PxED5gVnPFL0ilJGueH9ak0nUpNK1e6FvL8IimVg0S/MqQce+eO9X9/o1lqSvd210sGqJNlXRnnjuNoHLL1K9Ru9j1rUr7UNtk/h3xhbfdpEIaG9WINJH6EdNykcZz0/RuianP4Tngstb23egXnxRXMD5Uj3I64GMqenauWUa8Fl7c6hb3FxuuZW8P6tOpUS532d2CMZDcA/PIYVJ0rxZZMXsdbdYLu2KwyXG7dbyEjgiQcDcOcNjvW4HT9N1TTEhaC2udPZQyIVDRkdiBWjal4Dm0K5k1HwY/lsRibTp23RTp3UE+vofzFZKUXwy4So0/7RNL0+LxjZXlxJv0vU12SSQOMxuPh3A8g9Vbng81TeOdJ1zwpph097773oV1IPLbHR1+IAg/hPGeODW5XWk+G/FHhvVZNO0qCw1q3iZnhCeXLDIozggdQcY6d61TXfFlrqf2WWlleES6mZljXn4lVMEOf+07ffmt4SbpFNLk0zX9XbVbiBgnlwwW0dtGnoqjn8zk/WuyfZb4fOkeHxc3CMl3e4kZT+6n7o/XP1rmf2Y+Hhr3iWITrmztv202ejYPC/U/pmvoUjiqz5Uvwh4YOX6ZHb0pJFSXWlOK51M31I7CgxT2GKWaamLU1hLZlP7K5nXnoWDj9aNfvigfHby/6lKH9Mj9KqU8SaUf8A7bH9Qf7U9PEWlt0vof1H9K7dJfDkWv0tFuZlUeZaSe/lMHx/I/pRjULYYEkpiPpMpT+YqBHrumHpf2x/76cus6f2v7bn/wC8FS4v4Vx9LON0kXMTq49VYH+VEKqVu9Kds+dY7s5yGUHP0pyzWh/6d6E5z8FwP6k0uV6HSLQHnpRZquEhwfK1CI88b1RvpwRT0ml7vbP6YYj+9S2NRJfbiiBxUP7xOoH/ACjP6+XKpx+eKIXfXdbXa47+VuH6E0rY9SWDRD3qIt9bj8bPHzj9pE6/zFMS8tn4W4hJ/wBYFJyGokgcd6z9awuG6YNZ6deKnYrQyKIUPas1OwaGSa8DWKyBU7j0M1nNYxXqW49DOayDWBWRU7jUDINezWBXhS7g1AzmgaJGYMRk0YIrORS3KWMVJEJmAdcqpyAeeaeFxwMVgCjAqdy1jMDNMGKEGiWo3KUA1xTFoF+te3quMuoz6mk52NpIVqsc0+nzwWyI0kqNHl3KBcgjOQD69K4V4m8D+IfDn3u9sYo5LF4Slw9lnbtI+LMZ5C9+4HbHbvqyJuI3An0HNIu7C3viDIZ1dQVDQzNEwB7EqR+taYszgzDLBSOO/ZnOniTwzqvhG9KNL5bXFi787HHYfI4PyLVDm1htT+zSXSr5iuoaNdxsqufi8okoR/2scfLFD4z0+bwF48t7/SUMdq5E9upJI9HjJ7jr9GrH2l2lrdappmr6ZKJItai8xsDGJAwUg89eRn5V2JpyTXhnJ4VHX/sq0vZosOsajMJ9QvokwR0ihH4EHp3Y+5reQkEhAODjsT/SqDTmjsIrS2tUOy3jEPCkjCrjt8qu4LmG4RTwVbpnvXPDInIzlFol8KuIwoHvUaSWMEFj5jY4VSP5Z5qNPPp1u5F5cw7h+5JLkjPbGaiT61pir5ab5SQdsMMDEsB17AYGR34r0I5VRnqyZcRJdMBM0aLu/C7dT+n86ybeK12m1uFijB5UtlPoueta+virTUYxXcjW8QOI2ljyPkW5GR/KmDWdCVWa3vmeVuMwK5UfoRVxnBq4jplldRveoPM0yN3B+GVHAZR2I6HPtmgjt7uLK20mogDkiaOOXJ9iTn9aq01+K3+HT7uTUJWPw2q2zZz88DFW0d/4hZVP+C2ygjOGuxkfpVwal5FVGY21xJfit0uYcdZWWFgfoWBqvvrjULSU3lvo9ws6Da3kSLKkoHZgMH5HGRVk2vXNqD/iOjX0WP3oQJl/MVHfxno8cRy9yH/g+7Pu/LFNqP0Ofhc6Jqttq1mLi1bPZ0bhkbuCOxqVPKsYySAenNaBbakupTHV/D5CatEMXdg3w/eFHcD+L0P0NbfoeoWur2a3lsc7uGVvxIw6qR2IqlltV7E40Qdb8OWGu2Rj1e3MrkcOOHj/ANJHT+vfNcf8WeAde0S3uF0tptR0p/idUX41x0Jj9R/Ev6V9AGltzXLlqLsqLZ83+A/H934YlNtdK9xpxbDRE/FGe5XPT3Fdz0jW9O16zFxplzHNGR8Sg4ZD6MvUVV+MvAWkeJVeWWP7rfY4uYQAx/1Dow+fPvXBbmPWfA/iBgGltbqMnZIFIWZM9Rnqp9K45Rjl/r5NEztnjLwn/ipN/pU7WGtxoVjuY+PMGPwOO47Z7V866fbObLV826O0MA3O55i/aKDj1OePkTXePAv2jWviCRLPUFS01HjaM/BMf8vofb8q4h4gZ9P13X7QAqHnlhYdOPN3D+Qq+n2TcWaSpqzpH2DKo07WG43GWMfTBrqDd65h9g8JXTdWnPRpY0H0BP8AWunkVzdRL/IzrwL8IU4pTCnn5Uorx1rJTNtRDilEVIYUlgR2p7E6HzWCwHVv5USvz1NNK7s/t2A+de2L2mavrbPnbBWQ55Y4pgk/8zXhCDwJD+VF5IxkvzQOzyye/wDKjVx3P6CgWEHIDD5GspAQfxD60UFsbuHUH9Kysjfun9KAQnnLLj2rwgPYA/Op1QKQ5Z5R+GUj6mmrdzr/APGk+jtUURN/CayFKg5XAz3NGqK3ZYJqV6n4Lm4H/wCK1M/xS9YfFczN/qlJ/nVWFPJwc0SnjJzU6R+D3ZbJql4Dn7xMG6A76bFrOoR8R396gHYTn+pqnWTA/eolkwx3Zx70u3H4Hcl9L9PEOrBhjUrn5HYf6U5fE2tA8X7H/VGprXllx35+XWjEg7sVPyqXhg/RayS+mwjxXrn7t1AR6NCP6Gnr4t1gDO+At7pgfyrWlmyOpPzUijW4H1FLsY/g1ln9NkTxhrOfiS1P0P8AapEfjHVe8Fr+tazHPGCSWU+1NSdCeCBWb6fH8KWef02UeMdT/wDl7Q/9xFNj8YaiQc2dr/8Anb+1a1HLGcnK8Uayg/uipfS4/hSzz+m0p4tvcHdZW/t+0b+1HH4su8/HYwAeolb/AOmtXWVOhHWnpIgGcA+4qH0uP4Uuon9NnHiuXtZxn5ykf/1pi+KZM/8AuUf/AOsf/prWkdey5FOR0x0/WofSY/hS6ma9mzf8TEgf8soPu5x/KmJ4iJ6x7R/lGf5mtZR0zgZFOVk9/wA6zl0eP4Wuqn9NlXXYieROPkq0xdatm/F95P1/tWtKVx1NGpHqah9HjLXVTNmGrWTDlZP+4Z/rT49XsxjGRj/JWrIw7EinK/o5rN9HApdTJm1rqtqw5c491Nah4r1J9N1VNW0m98mYRBZLaUbYb1QT8O/92QDpnqOnpUtZTj8X6U1yJY3jk2OjDDKyAgj3HepXSxiynl2F60+i+PPCMbLP5ZkXfC7Z3QygYw3yzgj0+lcIjM1pfJb3BY/dpuY93AIYZx88fyrfLIyeGfF8lhcxwjTNUJa38vIjWQcYAP4eeMe4rUPG5WDxTejaBvKyYHTlR/vW2LFpcV4MZu+Udtstcn1KQrpt1bW0fmHbtXdz0Y88befQZIqPq9990xLqviFZYIgFELADzWHXhe3GASDzWp3erRXGnRLpVrMItmVZl2KMLyBn5dqstC0eKO0mn1IGW9lQt5zHIUf5O+ea5XgS9muyl6Ns0yW/1C1STTbCKwt5cN5l7KQx/wBMce3jvk4qztPC813ia/1aRo1zjy4EXj23biBUHTNP2lzn4cjYM52gAD+lXcUfmMdrMUXnC96hLVk6P0ybpfhXSrdYmlhe6kB3K1y5k2854B+EH6VskCrtJQYXsAMVotz4h03Tp2gubpzMpG5EGcexq90XxNpl6qql1tfptk+E16PTZv8AWjlyQr2bCEAOe9FgVgMD0IrNemq9GJ7FYIHWs0Eudvw1M5axbBFD4j8NW2qypdRSvaajFzHcxcMP9XqK0O41HV/CfiBbvUrYeXcHbcSwn9lcf5gP3Xx+ddAu7ySDeWuEAXrnAxWn+IfEVpqFhqNheTxNGnwsduc8cMp6ZBryp51N3FHTHG65Og2t1FdWsVxA4eKRQysO4NZZ8cnpXzpZeMNa0m0W0srzbBGzFQVB6/P86HUvtF8QXFpPAboKJSDvVcMmOcL6frWOSOSbJUEfRJkXHXNUfifSdO8Qae9lqUCyxnlWHDxt/Ep7GvnCPxXrts26HVLtfbzMjrn+dSdL+0PXdOvpbl7kXPmsGlSb8LYGOMfh+lY/xsi5TNIqK8iPHHhS/wDCd7li01m7fsbpBjn0b+Fv/BWrX17Ne3ctzdytLcSnLu3Vj6mt38R/ahe6vo02nyafZhZ1KSMwLcdsA9D71zaSTn1ruw7tftciml/qd6+w448NXrEYzc4znrhRXRDJXytpPi3V9HtDb6bevbxFy5CAZJwB1PyHFbDa/a3r8Fs0cgtZ3xgSPHyPoDg1y5ekySk5I6sWfHGKTPoQy4pZmrgcf2wawFUTW1nIQ+4lVKkj+Hr+tRP/AFZ10Xkso+7tC2dsDJ8KDtz1NZrospr/ACsaO/Xd/BbBDcSJHvO1dxxk4zVe2vabtDNf2qqTtG6UDn05r5r17xbqeuyKb+5LIhJWNPhRc9eBVG9zkkk5Nbw6B1+mYy61L+qN8Ecm04UDPcjNeCsATtGR6pU+3QyIGRm28E4Y5z+XFOjRySBuKnsSD/Svfs8WirIfBwkfzx0rwJEe8Kp/PP5VNkmCSxxKrFyTyAMD9P5VVy3ccM8oWRgSc5YAA9yKWxSjZ63uGmYhYgON3XtnAxT2m8pwrrgt0+LNQtH1a2iW2jALPN8TOQDg/wC1Q9eufJ16ILtkJVWTA4znBFLYrQvgxwV2MCeh3UQLbcFTn50Ol3CXThQVcLlSRgA+v61bGBRyY0YnsSOP0p7E6FX5gxgBvkBn9aETLjncD8qn3KwQIxcRAgcAvVRZ6jDcandwgIEGFX0BI5zRYKLJYlXkne2OwA5ovNTDEkqfTg1V32uxW8SrColk5VsDoRx61mG9RtKa9l/EzZROuVxj6c80tkPRlkJEH4uB7qTmiSVQCEIJPbFU13q9vbZ2ENHAqpI4BJZycYA+QNP0IpqLy3jyIgHwgOenHb5f3pbINWW2/wCEdMk4FEZFDFSygjngVISyt2RWEq5PGWJHNZNlGCcAlh3GeaqxUyOJGJPxAgevGKyk65Ks8YxjtUpbBZFwjBAP8xBFY+4pEQRLu7YDf3pWHInzAxPxA46HGKasgHHw+gojp42bhvB7DOc/lTF095E+FmJHGCQciiyhcRAI/CxPfH+1Gpxl+p7ZBAo4tIOTnzNvUZwefzo/8PI6TOCp5CAcVNofJgEEg4UHucc06P4TkqoOMZAoUsGXeN5J+Rpo08yPsDEjudvSpdMaCRmIJGBj1o1kJXgrnOBiiSxYNtRyWxj8PAr33ORf/iLnOeBk1LoaGK+1cBR6jGf1oxK3UlVXv1qObJ3XLEEHuV/lT1s2dCpLfDx8RxmlwNEhZSw+E9vWiSbP7wH1pCWrqOW3ZwMLnIFO+7yZZxvK46A1HBabJAmIUYxnP8VMjnzwwGf9VRjGXIJdh676pfFXiK18O2TTSss8hOxYklUOzc9vQY5NQ1fCKTo2rzSFyFDHtz1obrUrawtpZ7x1iiiG52J4A/rXFh9qGpea7i2tQmMLGcnBPcnv8uK1/W/Feq60vl310TADkQoNqZ+Q6/Wl2m/I1ko3Pxx47sdetBa2dlKjxzCSO5dgGGPQds/OtZ1fWZdWvRczqiv5axnYMZx3Oe9a2khzzUgScCrUEhbOR0LTfGKRQW6XFmGMQAykmA+0YXIP/hq2vvtEuJYUi063EC7cM0hDtnjp+XeuXJL0qRHPjvWLxJuylka4Ohp431uS3EP3+RRncWXCsfr6V4eIdRmffNf3DNgDPmEcfStGjusdDUuG7PrUaL4G7fs3OPUmkcvJIzOTkljkk1ZWuqFSMMa0WO66c1NhuyB1oomzp2meK7y1P7K5kUem6r6Px/fhQDcZwO4FchivTjk1JW+96nVrwylL/h1v/wBSr1InVlidieGxgioN/wDajqckWyGK3iOOWAJOfXn+Vcve+461Fe7JJ5qrlVNk0jZ9a8U32pvvvbgyEdBjA/SqCfU3O4VVy3J554qHLcZzz+tJRodllNqB56VClvxznNV8s/XmocsvHBq1ECye9B61GkuVPcVWvMfWkNKfXiqUQsnyTjJwaQ0gPeoLSc0vzDyM1SiKyY8nFJLjnmozyttzmleaTVpEkoyCll6jmQ1gue9UkA4vQbz60lpKX5nHWmhG5+G/EVxLqDQyyjMrDaT+FR/Kt8h+9soeNYnAH7uOR61w2OQPE3AMmMLkGvSa5qRAVruf4MbSHOVxxxWkJPwZtHTdT1q5iv5YJY4lEZDRSgHA4/rnp7iqC9dpphEm0rI7YZmyGJ6nPuB2rR5dQupBtM8uz0LGn22oSREhmdl/dGeM+tN2NF5avJb+a8iECNGVT02tnn5kf1otR1CW4mt5yufKzux/f8qr5L6a5sXtklIjdtzL6ketVWoG4gflmKMOGHAPrSTsZ0Tw5rllpqF70rGeTjcNx+nWtwg8R6dNZPcW7s0anBYsNv6nIr5+3tIzMxLMeSTzmvNIcDLGrIOva34p0+aylMk4jmKbdmNxbB6dema0618URQpd+ZE8pm5Ck4BPbJ6471qqqz4IUnPQ+tKb4RyCKKGXsusmS5WRIxGAc7V6dc1IbWCbZIkc7VBI7YJ6j5Vric47CpFsgdwD0zg9qGCLSO9LRFGbAzuPzqws9VkgiEAnZYXwXArXMoCR5g+tSIJYl2lmJ5xwOKiSopM6l4f1edYbNZRDDZpjc8jcszHuT+fFbXbalb3biOOZQzMRtZiMgde9cfGq+b5QPwwRjaFK5JHP969Jr8cEh8lWcqmwZBUEdwe/rUpv0DSO325hl+IvGy84ZSRu7EDmpKxxMDtMe7qQ5J4rmWmfaXp8Vti80uNJI1woh53Htweg+tahqvjTVLu/eaC4aCLduSNBtCj096sg7pNd2NtKFu7q1idhhd8gUkZxxnrUyFlmjzH5LxEZEglH86+Y7nUbq8nM1zO8sh43O2TihF/c+X5SzyiP+EMQPyo1GfUB8sKCGTaehDgjPfnOKbZqPiLtDuPICOD/ACr5q0vXtS05FWzu5I4g27aG4z7it1H2ny/ckSPTYWuxkNIGbb7YUHrU6gdjxGGyMnnnDdKYgjYu4kIcnIyRmuQaV9qTmeCPUrAeWOJXimcE+4Un9K6tZiG8torq3cPBKAyMHJBB9KlqvI0TGjJGRIwH+oCmoivjY+9e7Aj+1LWBcBnZ+TkAZP61kx7epnyOm0cfyqLLoYLco4ImLEcEEAivLA7PkKrEf+dAaIu6rzKwz/Fgmluj7S89yscQGSzYAA9ST/eo2GkSkhYD4Qq55/BnP60cSPv4OAOCGiIz+taRrn2haBpKypDfyXk6Ywlv8QJ/1Z21pWofa/fss6afZwxBuI5JSWZfcjpmjSUik0jbftd8T3/h+0s7XTLhYbi73szhfjRBx8OemSevtXC3md2LOxZiSSSeSaLU9VvNUumudQuZbicjG+RsnHoPSoe+uiENVyZylZJ3ZFEGqMrcc1lSWOF602iSWH9DTxLlR2qJFDI2R0xRujRqMnjtUFpktZe9MWY55NQVbOMUxGx1qWhllHPjjOakxTVUq9PSTjmocQLiK4xUuK5xjmqSOQ4qRG5x1qHEZfR3XHWnC64qiSTHemLP70tQ4Lg3Q9aU9yfWq7zx60DTe9FMCZJOWBFIaX5VG8+lvKPQ01EYczH1qO0mO9A8uaQzjmroVhO/JpLSULNyaWzDtTSCzJals2DxWCc0DHFUkIItxSietYLdaFjxxVCR4tjJNA0npQsSaHmgAi/FDnvmvAZzWMUAItrkxFgvJI/KseSxUsWByPrSEI2nnJ9qdG/kqXYgtkfB3wff/wA61pVeDNGYovMbbuAJ/nWJYXyigjBPX0+dY+8fFIw/EegA4rzXeYyhUA/KnbGHFMkYYOSWBx8I4+eakrfDHB4PJqq3ZZuQPlXi+MDIOOpHelqgsnBo5XYlAAOcAfzNYCgyFTFtDcgMMkDqKhrM/IB+E9RTVkbcpZunSmImsUVgkiANGcAAYx8/ehuWEiEbMBugAxzSIpU8tiFcHIBPGOc/XNee45wemeCDUpNDGW0HH4Rzxg9ak58tnjOAy8FT2NQrifdOzk5PGSOAePShe5MhG9iR6U3yBmSJCziMMcHijiMsFsQzEI5zs/rSEmeNjsbA9QaW0jMwJz/emInxTAh265GDSRFI5bOcnnmlxydVYkHHGBTTcSPjgLsAXLUg8i/IkLHleBn8X6fPmnyowhjXYgLL1XHPz9+KSkv7X9rnbj92sLKwwQ2MfpTCgobd2VnKsIlIDMBkDP8A/lO2spKOn4euRg0p3LIVaVgCRleuaNZDuPxF8j9484oADZnOxeR1yaDc6dyvtTWYEYCqpHfvT4FiYj7w2yI5Xft3cgZ/t+dKwI6zsOTtPzFXWkeItQsIytpezRIPi2q2Oapx5bMNy8H0NeUDOF6n1NHkDbIPGOqS48zUJyR6nd/Spf8AxBqkyqVvpz6ENt+vFaQ24AiJgB1IBqbZXMi8FsrjkGk+PA0bZL4m1S0XzJNSulB6ZmYk/rVHq/i3WNWtmtby/nktWOTEzcHHTNUt07zvuBXsNi9FpSxSEj4SMnAzxTSCwi2KEyAVnyH3lTyf8tPVFtl5GZD681QiOgd+VBPvTEjJPUZ9KkeYzoPg4HAxQlWjXdhl96QzKwEDLYHzNSUYIBsww6YHFIhiZsOx59xTiVUftEyR6ChAed2VyQcg+9KaUv1Oaa7xyKVDKAfSltHGkZYPk9qTQ0Hat8ePUU942zkAfWoCOQcj86ZvyR8RJqGhonQjn4iv504LzyagRIX6EVKVjGvdgO1IZJDKo65rIlHbNQtzSMfhoo1bPIooLLBGY9CcU8E4qEjFRiiWcbtuSCanUdkgykZHWgMwpbt8+aE4HBo1Ghnm9hxWCxA60kDIPQCsMCOhzRqI87EnmlknHFM3HpSnbB4p0FgKSfpWCjEZPShVjvYDvWd4KlTmmIwelLIye9FuyDtFAQw6ZJoGhb8HmhBBomR2BIU8daVypwaAHKqfxVgx88EV6NSSOuKZlEJ9u/rTDgjsCKEnmpLEHdggj1qOXVX5/SgkqIz1AOP61lmxwR1oRzwK9j862IPE56kVj1weK8wxnmgJHPxZzQAwDPNe+HkDtQb8cCvBs46UAMZuR06DpXg3HNCOnasgZPwigAQSSMnOalKgaF9oYkDJwenv+tIlDKqntQpI4VgrEBhggHqKQBcAe/uayHAXA496UxPGcdK8DmigDyMgdqazYYKG3KpwME4+lRwcnHpR57CgA93xE5waISkkbsnHAqPniiGRRQDSfi64NBuIOe9LJOeTUm3tZJ0Zk2hVySWbHQZoAWHJPNSDIh5CBTtAIB7+tIZGQZOO1Co4yGHy9KAHFzt5+dDnd1NZCnO4MB7DtXjFkAqw6DqaEBlH2Z/nXixbkGlFW3bcZPtRSqYjhjn5UAHHIeQTzTpHKKM5O8d6jxzFSCBkisM2eSSTSoCQk4XKqWC+1e8yTdnJPHXNRgcZ5owRjBooCfHc7SFyrH1zUx4xIvwsD05FU8OwBt7EEYwAOvzp5mbor8ZoBFikGxfgxn1PNZ2A4D5J9qgw3TopCn5ZoWupW4ZvamMtlABwcfnUe7ZFxt/ETioX3qQ4BORjb9Kw8mWVgT6E4pMCeksePiQBiM8CotxIhX4E+ZNSYUWa2wG24xwO/vQJbxpw+CD781KlwBEVsjimwgM2CSKmSWynGAoGP3eaykKoABnI/WqXKGYhG09f0qRu464NeRaIA57VLiBkElcjGaJMgfEfyoVwDjFH3xScRpmc+leVeck17txQs4QZJHNIYxmUDBIHua8CT70hghYBhlj0ohGBzlvzpAmGTk9KTIsjdOlNYgA5od2Rkc0AJRZASM4+tZm3IRnHNDKz4JDbPnSZmYqN75Oec9aABJKvxTjG/LNwB3NRUmySMZ9M0UtyCQrZKjjrikAcr4UNnJ9qjvO2c5IpbcZwRgelJLZppCJDXDMpyeelCJieCAaR+9ii+ZppBZYrLGiqA25sDgZqNcSFZmwuzqpBH0qKW5617Jbg0UFjY5iuR2PFKcjtnHvQdCRmsk5ppCIO7PQ59qwDwc80K9aPHWtSQCcDGaE+lE44zWY/wMccimAKjg1kLRIc816kBgYzTI3wOD+lK9TWR/02PoaAGs5YY7ViMKAN4+DPODg0tfw14sc4zxQNBMR/vS84oQe3aiUZNABBvi4Ne3deayQPSvbBnv0oEjHas8n2rGABRRjOc0AZBGDlee2DTVc7Cm8hTjK+tLbgkYHWjJwxHakB6R88DpWYwoyeGz60P71M6uC3OaA8hyIqohCEMeck8Ee1edwCAFBA689aSP3qxgbTSAkqwlYeUoWRR19f96Dy2cqHfOTgn0p+nQJMs5kGfLgkkX5jGP51HU4DDsKAFyxMjEEAc8Ad68sb5G3qRnkdqcqgTKfQZr0UrvGcsfTj0osBLA4JYjgUvcc/KpYxJ5xKgbRkAVjaAvQHI5osCMp5pqsQ3HB6c0yJQSAQKYw2XQReAGxnvQNDY0A4Ycdm/tXlh358sMwHUk0hmYruJOSazvzGeBnPWpfABmLY3DA49KFuGwPizTbRQ5bd+6pbHrx3oxIUKsmFK9CBSUgPWrPEQu8Kp6k+lPWXdvyhJYArtGQD/vUN3JAB700v+wGFXOetSMnwsVVYyxJHJzTC2e9V/nu5ZnOSg2j2FG7sq7wcGqjICcpweTWcHt1qHBIzNyc8ZpYuJA7YOMA1oIsQSODn8qLsOtRhIxJyetZmYhcZPIqWwHyShUOWwPequSYsOTkH0rE7FmAY5wKUgyCO1KxoMSHOQeRUuG8+IB8FfWoMihUyOuaBelCFZe789856YrPQYFQbFz5eOoHSmyysEyMdqH4HYm+kxJgA/M1FaQsfiJ4HGK9OzO5LEml9qVAGj7c444xQGselAWIHFIA8nPtQ9zmsE8ZofrVeQMk1jNZ6g1g9KcfAjG6sisZwa9nIooDxrGcV6hPSmgP/2Q==
