##From 300,000 cases of Hepatitis A in 1988 to new pneumonia: How is Shanghai coping?

Lifeweek

Features an introduction to a magazine and the life he advocates.

In January 1988, a massive hepatitis a epidemic broke out in Shanghai, resulting in 310,000 confirmed cases and 70,000 cases in nearby Zhejiang Province.

Thirty two years later, the outbreak is still fresh in the minds of every old Shanghainese, and it has left Shanghai not just with memories but with an increasingly complete public health system, dubbed Foshan, in the face of a major outbreak, besides the specialized hospitals and the first-class hospitals, an important advantage of Shanghai lies in the nearly 200 second-class general hospitals to ensure the temporary unified dispatch. Down to the community hospitals, Shanghai is the first city in China to train general practitioners in community hospitals. And then to the community and individuals, the interaction between the public and the government is relatively benign and effective.
To This Day, new pneumonia has not yet been brought under control, and the situation in Wuhan is closely related to the chaos of the whole medical system from top to bottom. In this regard, it can not be said that there are no loopholes in Shanghai, but from some measures taken 32 years ago to control the "hepatitis a pandemic" to the present, not only has Shanghai accumulated experience in preventing and controlling various sudden infectious diseases, also has certain reference significance to the present other cities.

In January 1988, a massive hepatitis a epidemic broke out in Shanghai, resulting in 310,000 confirmed cases and 70,000 cases in nearby Zhejiang Province.

Thirty two years later, the outbreak is still fresh in the minds of every old Shanghainese, and it has left Shanghai not just with memories but with an increasingly complete public health system, dubbed Foshan, in the face of a major outbreak, besides the specialized hospitals and the first-class hospitals, an important advantage of Shanghai lies in the nearly 200 second-class general hospitals to ensure the temporary unified dispatch. Down to the community hospitals, Shanghai is the first city in China to train general practitioners in community hospitals. And then to the community and individuals, the interaction between the public and the government is relatively benign and effective.

To This Day, new pneumonia has not yet been brought under control, and the situation in Wuhan is closely related to the chaos of the whole medical system from top to bottom. In this regard, it can not be said that there are no loopholes in Shanghai, but from some measures taken 32 years ago to control the "hepatitis a pandemic" to the present, not only has Shanghai accumulated experience in preventing and controlling various sudden infectious diseases, also has certain reference significance to the present other cities.

Reporter | Yvonne Xue

Outbreak of SCAPHARCA SUBCRENATA on raw diet

In 1988, during the Spring Festival, Shanghai was as nervous as Wuhan is today. The streets are deserted and lifeless, and hospitals are packed with people every day, mostly to test liver function. On January 18, the Jiefang Daily reported that more than 20 patients had been found in Shanghai suffering from hepatitis a after eating SCAPHARCA subcrenata, "The average incubation period of hepatitis a virus is about 30 days, with the strongest infectivity in 5 days before onset and within 1 week after onset. "

Since that day, the number of confirmed cases per day has increased exponentially, 808 on January 22,5,467 on January 27, and 12,399 on January 31. In the two months from January 19 to March 18, there were more than 292,000 confirmed cases. After the inflection point, the number remained at 310,000 until May, when 31 people died of hepatitis a combined with other complications, the Hepatitis A pandemic has died down. In 1988, when the city's resident population reached more than 12 million, more than 300,000 confirmed cases meant that one in 10 families had hepatitis A.

SCAPHARCA SUBCRENATA is Shanghai people love to eat aquatic products, in the era of buying meat also need meat tickets, buy SCAPHARCA SUBCRENATA does not need tickets, cheap and delicious taste. Old Shanghainese sometimes love delicious, with boiling water to simply bubble the live SCAPHARCA Subcrenata, the uncooked SCAPHARCA subcrenata meat dug up with spices to eat, if cooked it does not taste.

That year, the SCAPHARCA SUBCRENATA from Qidong, Jiangsu, flooded the Shanghai market, but it was heavily contaminated with feces, along with a lot of bacteria. Shortly after New Year's Day, many hospitals in Shanghai received patients with fever, paroxysmal abdominal pain, vomiting and diarrhea. The initial alert was bacterial food poisoning. It was not until mid-january that the municipal health bureau qualified the outbreak as Hepatitis A, because HAV has an incubation period of up to one month, it is impossible to make an accurate determination until then.

In fact, from the end of 1982 to the beginning of 1983, there was an outbreak of Hepatitis A in Shanghai caused by eating SCAPHARCA Subcrenata. At that time, the Shanghai Infectious Disease Hospital alone admitted 1,040 patients, but it did not cause alarm afterwards, even at that time, a series of health supervision regulations are also virtually non-existent, top-down people do not pay much attention.

Five years later, the same outbreak has resurfaced in Shanghai.

Miao Xiaohui, director of the infection department of the Long March Hospital affiliated to Shanghai Second Military Medical University, has been engaged in infectious diseases and hepatology for many years. In 1988, Miao Xiaohui was a graduate student at the Medical University, participating in the first large-scale epidemic treatment.

Miao Xiaohui pointed out that from the point of view of infectious diseases, Hepatitis A and new pneumonia are two completely different infectious diseases, there is no comparability. Hepatitis A is an infectious disease of the digestive tract, transmitted by the faecal-oral route, and the virus is a long-established and relatively easy to control.

Hepatitis A is less contagious than new pneumonia, and respiratory infections are transmitted by droplets, while Gastrointestinal infections are transmitted by contact, but they can occur by latent and stunned infection, that is, the contacts are not ill, but after infection itself produces antibodies, so in the clinical show almost no symptoms, only through the immunological examination can be found, so it is not easy to realize that they are infected. Also, Hepatitis A is a self-limiting disease, and some infected people can cure themselves by controlling virus replication through their immunity, but in the process, they may still be a source of transmission. The long incubation period and the lack of obvious symptoms make it harder to screen for HEP A.

Initial benign system

What was more important for Shanghai at the time was to expose all the problems -- the unsanitary conditions and collective living conditions that became a breeding ground for the virus, and the health care system that was not robust from top to bottom, weak civic awareness. Although Shanghai is leading in the country, it is still quite poor compared with the international advanced level.

At that time, manure management was still a social issue. In the alleyways of old Shanghai, every household is next to each other, some have public toilets, some do not, the toilet in the home are taken outside to brush, early in the morning you can hear the sound of the toilet flushing. "walking along the streets of Shanghai, it was not difficult to see the landscape of big toilet brushes on both sides of the road, " the Jiefang Daily wrote at the time. "Some even poured water directly onto the side of the road after washing the toilet, even though it was next to a big cake and fried dough sticks stand. Enter public toilet also not lack to see excrement overflowing, the scene that urinate cross-flow. Leaning against the railings along the Suzhou River, it's not long before you see a boatload of raw organic fertilizer being shipped to the countryside by an open-topped Dung carrier. It's impossible to rule out the possibility that these same ships would soon ship back a boatload of vegetables, produce, and, of course, SCAPHARCA SUBCRENATA to be sold at every household's table without any sterilization. These unpasteurised waste ships, coupled with equally unsanitary local waste management, pollute coastal shoals, including the home of the clam clam."

Tap Water is not all households, the water is often used repeatedly, narrow lane filled with men, women and children, but also provides a secondary spread of the virus soil. At the end of the 1980s, more than 90 percent of the enterprises in Shanghai were state-owned or collectively owned, and more than 300 people worked in factories equipped with nurseries, kindergartens, medical clinics, canteens and dormitories. People lived together and moved around frequently, the virus is unknowingly spreading.

In mid-january, the epidemic spread rapidly. At the time there were only about 55,000 beds in all of Shanghai's hospitals, which quickly filled up, while medical staff were in short supply. On Jan. 24, the Shanghai government held an emergency meeting to coordinate management and dispatch all available resources from the top down. At that time in charge of the unified coordination of the epidemic situation is the health bureau, then the City Health Bureau director Xie Lijuan said very close, Fast and resolute, doctors call her "Old Lady Xie. ". In that outbreak, the municipal and municipal health authorities constituted an important link, and other redundant links were minimized. This Spring Festival, Deng Xiaoping spent in Shanghai, in a way, is also a reassurance to the public.

To deal with the epidemic situation of infectious diseases, the most important thing is to control the source of infection (patient) and cut off the route of transmission to reduce the secondary transmission. Patient beds are a priority. Shanghai City in the first time commandeered more than primary and secondary schools did not open at the time, the patient centralized isolation treatment. Miao Xiaohui followed the medical team of the Long March Hospital and was assigned to a five-story teaching building in a middle school in Pudong. Each classroom was filled with folded steel wire beds to treat patients, these wire beds were sold to hospital staff at a low price and kept for home use. In addition, many enterprises are idle factories, warehouses vacated, the placement of Hepatitis A patients, some small hotels also vacated rooms to receive patients.

At that time, there was no special treatment for Hepatitis A, mainly in the acute phase of liver protection, Jaundice and symptomatic, nutritional support treatment, the vast majority of patients, once the condition is stable, it will not be aggravated, and rarely other complications, unless there is a serious underlying disease, most people who eventually die of the disease have a chronic illness and are older. So there are more nurses than doctors, and more important, on the scene in isolation.

Post-event statistics show that more than 60,000 of the 100,000-plus medical personnel in Shanghai at that time were on the front line. During the period of prevention and treatment of hepatitis, a total of 12,541 isolation points and 118104 beds were added in the city, among which 243 isolation points and 60,434 beds were added in the health system, the health system treated 98,591 people with Hepatitis A, and there were 29,338 family beds in the city. These temporary measures served as a prelude to a more comprehensive public health system. After the outbreak, Xie Lijuan pointed out that, the hepatitis a "has a positive impact on improving public health conditions, responding to public health emergencies, establishing an early-warning mechanism for epidemics, and constructing a modern public health and safety system in Shanghai. ".

"Hepatitis A is nothing new now, but when the epidemic comes, how to mobilize grass-roots forces, how to effectively control all patients, how to propaganda, how to establish a modern and more scientific and rigorous public health system, and later the development and popularization of Hepatitis A vaccine, the resolution and promotion of these problems, if there is no epidemic, may be delayed, " Miao said.

What will Shanghai do now?

As of 2400 hours on February 5,254 cases of new coronary pneumonia had been confirmed in Shanghai and all of them were being treated at the Shanghai Municipal Public Health Clinic in Jinshan District, according to the Shanghai press release.

The Public Health Center is a "legacy" left to Shanghai by the SARS epidemic in 2003. The following year, the center was set up in Jinshan District, 60 kilometers away from downtown Shanghai, with the former Shanghai Infectious Disease Hospital as the main structure, today, it is the city and the entire Yangtze River Delta Economic Zone that deals with public health emergencies. It is also known as the "Little Tangshan" of Shanghai.

In 2003, the "SARS" epidemic, Shanghai was finally diagnosed in 8 cases, and no health care workers infected. This is a good report card for both horizontal and vertical comparisons. SARS not only left this public health center for Shanghai, but also accumulated experience for the later epidemic of infectious diseases. However, at this moment, facing new pneumonia Shanghai still can not be optimistic, every link is very tense.

Miao Xiaohui also made it clear that if such a large-scale new pneumonia occurred in Shanghai, the same can not be dealt with, but in some specific aspects of the situation would not be as desperate as now. Jinshan District's 500-bed public health centre is still a drop in the bucket when it comes to the number of confirmed cases.

In the face of a major epidemic, Shanghai has an important advantage in secondary general hospitals, rather than specialist hospitals. There are only six municipal hospitals with Specialist Infectious Disease Grade III, Class A hospital, namely the Long March, Changhai County, Mount Hua, Ruijin, the sixth and ninth people's hospitals, and nearly 200 secondary general hospitals. Fever clinics must be set up in all secondary general hospitals to ensure that fever patients receive "special" clinics that meet the criteria for the diagnosis and treatment of infectious diseases, to prevent these fever patients from "flowing" to general outpatient clinics and to avoid cross-infection in hospitals, this is a basic screening process.

Down to the community hospitals, Shanghai is the first city in China to train general practitioners in community hospitals. Within 10 years or so, Shanghai's grass-roots community hospitals had a number of high-level general practitioners to cope with routine work and sudden outbreaks. "In this way, hospitals at every level are a checkpoint, so that when the epidemic breaks out, everyone is crowded into a level-iii general hospital, " Miao said.

In the event of a pandemic, all hospitals with infectious disease units can admit infectious disease patients in the first place, with a capacity of about 500 beds. Health Care Workers in the Infectious Diseases Unit can be quickly hired without additional training to help with the isolation and prevention of diseases such as COVID-19 pneumonia.

On the other hand, if specialized hospitals or level III hospitals are not enough, some level II hospitals must be opened and temporarily converted into infectious disease hospitals. This rapid dispatch and coordination capability is another major advantage of the Shanghai medical system.

During the Spring Festival, the utilization rate of beds in the second-level hospitals dropped obviously, some only about 30% . In other words, if those 30 per cent of patients were transferred to another hospital, the district hospital could be completely transformed into an infectious disease isolation hospital. If one district of Shanghai had 300 beds, 10 districts would have 3,000 beds, bringing the total to 4,000 beds or more.

Then specific to the community and individuals, the Shanghai municipal government to mobilize the public very fast, simply speaking, that the public "obedient" , between each other is should have, interactive. When you see Shanghai residents lining up for face masks in the community, each person automatically separated by one meter, you can understand the relationship, but also the strong sense of self-protection of the citizens.

After the great epidemic of infectious diseases in recent decades, the modern public health and epidemic prevention system in Shanghai is becoming mature day by day, and is constantly adapting, adjusting and optimizing in every sudden epidemic situation. It can not be said that today there are no loopholes, there will still be many problems, but when the mechanism is gradually perfected, the individual will play a unique role in the mechanism more effectively and weaken its mechanized function, to keep the whole chain running smoothly, which may provide a bit of inspiration to other cities.

On February 5, Zhang Wenhong, director of the Infectious Diseases Department at Mount Hua Hospital, said that as two weeks had passed since the city's closure, "The incubation period of the first imported cases will be over, and the epidemic in places outside Hubei will enter the second stage of local dissemination and aggregation of the second generation of cases after the imported epidemic. " This means that, other regions and cities are more important in terms of control and coordination.

And for Shanghai at the moment, the bigger challenge will be in the next ten days. When the large number of people waiting to return to Shanghai, the city is no longer in a "static" state, the city's public health system will face a new round of pressure, followed by a new upgrade.

Author Archives

Yvonne Sit
"A healthy society should not have only one voice. " —— Li Wenliang
26 minutes ago
_
TRIPLEX weekly
Twitter:@kottabos  
_

Yvonne Sit

"A healthy society should not have only one voice. " —— Li Wenliang

26 minutes ago

_
TRIPLEX weekly
Twitter:@kottabos  
_

_

TRIPLEX weekly
Twitter:@kottabos  
_

TRIPLEX weekly
Twitter:@kottabos  

TRIPLEX weekly

Twitter:@kottabos  

Please stamp → a series of reports on new pneumonia in Sanlian life weekly

The Copyright of the article belongs to "Sanlian life weekly" all, welcome to forward to friends circle, reprint open white please contact backstage. Without consent, strictly prohibited to reprint the site, APP, etc. .

Don't forget last night, always.

WECHAT SWEEPS UP Praise for author

####Send it to the author

People Admire

Long-press the QR code to transfer the funds to me

Under apple's new rules, wechat's iOS version of the APP has been turned off to support public accounts through Qr code transfers.

Go to "discover"-"take a look" browse "friends watching"

Sent

####Send it to take a look

Sending

A scan of wechat
Pay attention to the account


-------------
title: From 300,000 cases of Hepatitis A in 1988 to new pneumonia: How is Shanghai coping?
source: TRIPLEX weekly
authors: _
editors: _
proofreader: _
photographer: _
translator: _
via: https://github.com/2019ncovmemory/nCovMemory
link: https://mp.weixin.qq.com/s/LfrU1MAIse-XXhmcHSloXw
archive: http://archive.today/r5dsE
snapshot: https://github.com/2019ncovmemory/nCovMemory/blob/master/archive/jpg/451.jpg
lead: The measures taken by Shanghai in those years not only have accumulated experience for the prevention and control of various infectious diseases in Shanghai, but also have certain reference significance for other cities at present.
cover: data:image/jpeg;base64,/9j/4AAQSkZJRgABAQAAAQABAAD/2wBDAAYEBQYFBAYGBQYHBwYIChAKCgkJChQODwwQFxQYGBcUFhYaHSUfGhsjHBYWICwgIyYnKSopGR8tMC0oMCUoKSj/2wBDAQcHBwoIChMKChMoGhYaKCgoKCgoKCgoKCgoKCgoKCgoKCgoKCgoKCgoKCgoKCgoKCgoKCgoKCgoKCgoKCgoKCj/wAARCAA3AIMDASIAAhEBAxEB/8QAHAAAAQUBAQEAAAAAAAAAAAAABgADBAUHAgEI/8QAORAAAgEDAgQDBAgFBQEAAAAAAQIDAAQRBSEGEjFBEyJRFGFxsgcVIzKBkbHBFlJiodEzQnKCovD/xAAYAQADAQEAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAABAgMABP/EACYRAAIBBAEDAwUAAAAAAAAAAAABAgMREjEhBEFREyIyI3GBscH/2gAMAwEAAhEDEQA/AM9lxLqUIPYY/wDaVo/DetJp1gtuSOVXbY/GsylYjWIgOnl+dKJGVjzb75NHucMdGlxXWj6wpW7jVW/mFCuocO2s/GslnE8bxDSXlHN0PnIxQ3A08L5RiKdiu7leJopGclzZOmfdmnS8BT8hDpNpLp/Bmk6wYhLy2kUnm6NkAVd8L68NU1JLEywDRvC5p4JfPJI2SORf5VGxJ6+mKicAahLc8NaJp8yq9u0UacrDIwOn6UH8eXN/qPF9o1j4EUj6i9qVEQhdhz+VmwN8b4bqR1zTwV1ZhvbmJtOsWejcY6S3D17fxyXELH2G7Z/tInXA5W7nGQOboenUVkc1pNYX9zZahE0N9ayeHKh9ezD3Ebip8l5qWn3MkD2/tjyKJTcxrlwijO5HQqD19/xq/wBUih420O1mhn5uI4IWjVlGGuIxn7Jj0MgG6nudu9Xpr0+dpkKn1eNNA1cwx5dsjdObb4Vxwdw2vFHENppjkm3I8a4cHHJEvXPxO1V+saWupTQpNqU0CrGeVhygudtiG74PTrtRjp4j4W4MfKH6x1Yo1wp2KQEExxE9sjDMBuebHfbO+NltmVsnJ6Qb8Sa1YpHa6isKz6NYHwbeKI83IPu+MFHXGwx2U5FZ/rOpW2s3d7Fby+NJGjSNJn0BGB7hUbTJ9U4l1WC2M5tIWRQkhjx4wXmwBjYbIRntXvAreycMatdXsEct5LPPAnpGi8y4/MVK2F4lZSc7dil0LQmnueG4sBTd6YHXPcDlP71oVtY6ZoUf23JJOB2OQDWZQ6hduOGyHIMGmhI8dh5R+1OXNxdTOS8rUgLpEb6QbgX3ECXY6BoQPwL1bcRXov7C2DtzY8w3oY17m5oQepKfq1S5Gc2drnH3alYLeiQLh8ClTSqcb9aVJia5RXCMNbjBHQr86UUuGDMMdzQ/eug4gg6feX50osu3jFw+B3qrRloiwqxf7tNsrLxDEeXcWkh3+NTLe4QOdga68VPr6B8DPsrgD35oqICx4DUvw/pALFAYR5wSCNjvmmNWae6424Zlu3LpE8LM7z+KEX7Vt2PQAcv505wreJBwfZyYBaO2JwenRq60viGG9ul1AWdnDdxBFWVYy7ABCoO+2cMw6dzVqMHOapx2zVE6dCXUP4xav+dDjXBuYtSVcHyRhWWTcHKbjB91SvAtmv5ruJpIJzcuFkiIBIzvtjc4OKp/rEJpsa2ist0Z/EkIXk505cdR1qjutZa+uoobUyS3TylWVB5I8DBJYd+2PdvXZHpZxV58f04n1cJ2UPc/19wuudLstS4ju11BHuBayC5TmcqXk5U3YjfcnJ9ap9D1WDWJppdSWZ9VCNIzSnC+U7Fe47dtq41Vr9dQ1e1t7oRXS2bc7+Hu2VQDAB2b0OetCfDluLJ0Oomd9SKZEzEnnDjdfiPhUadOUnjE6J1FGOUjQ9cvNT0q2juOHFtV1GGaURe0gcqqZHJODgZ5WqBwTqM19w5cwXSj2tXmlnKjlUszO2UH8p5vwxihvjHiOaLhuawMcmJACJ+bLFNkKYI7g9fSqf6Fp1Ot6yxysfsXKB6+apVKbhPHwUhLOllYv9IMktvojsoBFo6fEBgB+lWUiNvtTemTL7NonMBlbQj8MirB5VLZAqaixXJAtxCjCe127L8xqNxUGHCEzDYiHt17Va8SSIbyx2xkD5x/mnr1ILvR4oJgeR1wwBwcfGp22PfTI9mrG0gPrGp/tSqXHLFFGkar5UAUZ9BSoYmuB+oOf4ith/UvzrRhc/6jb9aDb5GHEttuN2QY/wC60YzxOZWxTrYb8DJJDZBp0OfrS1YnfwX/AFptbeQtvXfguup2o7+E9MIe6cXXgMMhPMLY4/M1UWV/eabApjvVt4k3HiqnKPwIq0gWdfozkkhOJBaEqR681ZcNI1G8cvcBypOfMTvXX09ZUl8bslVouteLlaPdeTRf4p8bSRb21wBduSntESeYgn/b2Hxqw+jzh9IdQBJdnLDJY5PWhXhfQ5oZo5p+XxFPkQjIA9a13gfT5GvfFICqAWJxTzquSykThRhTeNNcA9fNy/SfrSFsorRJ0/pB/auPpU0JY2lubVmjuIkaWJ1OCCFyP0qLcl5OOdYnDDz3KbY9EX/NHHHFkbiximUnleDzBhkdKlF2SLNc3Pn7hq9h1WO9bW7gT3BZSXumLDl/E+v7UecFWNtDeXRtI4VV7c+aILg7juKzY6DdxTzSCOMlsgqg5VUegHpRV9EVlc23EF6smRGbN8DtnmWiqzVPCUefJp0bzzjLjwXmmAm00c5O9qw/uKmGdoiVJJHvqLpMZaw0Q+sD/rUq5t2JNcw1in4hbmurBsn/AOkSnJWlfT7bwHCuCD5hkEA7j8RUfXkdJtOz6n546figkFlB8an3G8HTOcnzGlXDRvk0qPBuSp1B1PFdl/zT51o5klUyMcd6VKiN2Rykic/SmNQeY39utmsXjNC6gy55V3G+3XHpSpUUAtTbxWXCL2KEusUATmI+9vufzoXiMZGy823QjalSropEpFzpsqIpZ1742FaFoUsdvpUs4LDKkYApUqNXQIbM6Uxw65fTOS3jShwMfd2A/atHuZY7nhpTyk4Xl3pUqE+Eho9zKrwwpNJhNu+KncF+FHrUrKuxgYEfiKVKnkvaxFs4tbaXTruzsZvDe3hEghlXPMydcMOxHqOtTpZEz0pUq5SoN8VzKs2mnB+83zR1OMifV8IxjBNKlSB7Ij+IvpSpUqJj/9k=
