##Four ministries "plus" enterprise support: increase the size of interest discount funds, tax incentives will be issued

I-CAIJING

CAIJING magazine official Wechat. "CAIJING" magazine, sponsored by the China Securities Market Research Center, was first published in 1998, adhering to the news concept of "independence, exclusiveness and originality" , and is known for authoritative, impartial and professional reporting, it is a must-read publication for policy-makers, researchers and managers in the field of politics and economics.

The following article is from the Financial Mayflower, the author of the financial mayflower

This is the "capital and finance" of CAIJING magazine, focusing on forward-looking, in-depth financial system and market reporting.

_
In accordance with the latest decision of the State Council meeting, the scale of discount interest funds will be increased, and 50% of the loan interest rate actually obtained by enterprises will be granted discount interest according to the focus of epidemic prevention and control, so as to ensure that the actual financing cost of enterprises will be less than 1.6% 
_

_

In accordance with the latest decision of the State Council meeting, the scale of discount interest funds will be increased, and 50% of the loan interest rate actually obtained by enterprises will be granted discount interest according to the focus of epidemic prevention and control, so as to ensure that the actual financing cost of enterprises will be less than 1.6% 

By Zhang Yingxin, CAIJING correspondent

Editor | Yuen Man

Measures to support the prevention and control of COVID-19 pneumonia ("new pneumonia") and to bail out small and micro enterprises are gradually being introduced and put in place.

On February 7, at 10:00 a.m. , the State Council held a press conference on the joint prevention and control mechanism for COVID-19 pneumonia, the heads of the Ministry of Finance, the People's Bank of China, the State Administration of Taxation and the China Banking Insurance Regulatory Commission explained the relevant measures to support the prevention and control of the epidemic.

"CAIJING" reporters noted that in the policy efforts continue to "increase" under the feedback of many enterprises before the personnel costs are high, cash flow and other issues are gradually easing. At the same time, if the epidemic continues, the market on whether to continue to increase the support of small and medium-sized enterprises, fiscal space expansion (budget deficit rate, special debt, special national debt) , monetary policy, how much power.

Guidelines on tax incentives to be released

Regarding the measures taken in the areas of financial guarantee and policy guarantee, Yu Weiping, deputy minister of Finance, said at the press conference that in the area of financial guarantee, as of 5 p.m. on February 6, financial departments at all levels had arranged a total of 66.74 billion yuan for epidemic prevention and control, the actual expenditure was 28.48 billion yuan. Of this total, 17.09 billion yuan was allocated by the central government.

In terms of policy guarantee, as of February 6, the Ministry of Finance together with the relevant departments has issued more than a dozen fiscal and tax support measures. These measures include: providing 60% subsidies to the central government to cover the personal expenses of patients who have been diagnosed; exempting imported materials donated for epidemic prevention and control from import duties, value-added taxes and consumption taxes on import links; The central government has provided interest discount support to key enterprises in the prevention and control of the epidemic.

Notably, the China State Council executive meeting, which convened on February 5, decided to introduce a new set of fiscal, taxation and financial policies to support supply maintenance, in addition to the measures already put in place in the early stages to prevent and control the epidemic. INCLUDING: Starting from January 1, to prevent and control key material production enterprises to expand production capacity to purchase equipment to allow a one-time deduction before tax, the full refund of this period of Vat Increment Tax set aside; Key materials for transportation prevention and control and the provision of public transportation, life services, postal courier revenue exemption from VAT.

Yu also revealed that more affected by the epidemic, such as transportation, catering, accommodation, tourism, express delivery, civil aviation and other industries to give value-added tax, corporate income tax and other tax concessions to help enterprises tide over the difficulties. In addition, in accordance with the latest decision of the State Council meeting, the scale of discount interest funds will be increased, and enterprises will be granted 50% of the actual loan interest rate according to the priority of epidemic prevention and control, ensuring that the actual financing cost of enterprises will be less than 1.6% .

The reporter from Caijing noted that before this, provinces and cities including Beijing, Shanghai, Suzhou, Shandong and Sichuan had successively introduced relief measures for Small and medium-sized enterprises, it involves increasing financial support, stabilizing the staff and workers, reducing the burden of enterprises and other aspects.

"It is really reducing our burden, such as tax and social security, rent reduction, salary adjustment by consensus with employees, and so on, which we have called for and hoped to solve, " several small and medium-sized business executives said, multi-sectoral policy, can be said to be the current plight of a "timely rain. ".

Referring to the specific implementation of the above-mentioned policy, Yu Weiping said that at present, the Ministry of Finance together with relevant departments are in the process of producing and issuing operational documents. The next step, especially in the light of the impact of the COVID-19 pneumonia epidemic, is to promptly study and solve the outstanding problems reflected by enterprises, resolutely reduce the tax in place, reduce the fees in place, and continue to exert the policy effect of reducing taxes and fees.

"We will soon issue guidelines in support of tax incentives for epidemic prevention and control. At the same time, in order to ensure implementation, the existing norms for tax payment services and tax collection and management practices of the national tax authorities have been adjusted and optimized accordingly,"Wang Daoshu, chief auditor of the State Administration of Taxation and director of the Department of Goods and Labor tax, said at a press conference.

Financial support to be increased

Since the outbreak of the epidemic, the financial system to support the prevention and control of the epidemic has also received much attention.

Pan Gongsheng, deputy governor of the People's Bank of China and head of the Foreign Exchange Bureau, said at the meeting that on February 3 and 4, the People's Bank of China carried out open market operations beyond expectations, releasing a total of 1.7 trillion yuan of liquidity in two days, keeping the liquidity of the banking system reasonably abundant in the special period of epidemic prevention and control. At the same time, the money market, Bond Market, stock market, foreign exchange market and other financial markets opened on schedule, and smooth operation. In addition, we will strengthen financial support for epidemic prevention and control to ensure people's livelihood and support the steady development of the real economy. The People's Bank of China will set up special loans of 300 billion yuan, implement preferential loan interest rates, and strengthen financial support for key enterprises of important medical and living materials.

In addition, according to Zhou Liang, vice chairman of the China Banking Regulatory Commission, the banking and insurance industry is focusing on the research and development of vaccines for enterprises that produce medical devices, medicines, protective clothing, face masks and disinfection products, to their financing needs to take the initiative to service, provide preferential interest rates and special loan line. Preliminary statistics show that the total amount of major credit in this area has reached more than 210 billion yuan.

After the outbreak of the epidemic, a number of small and medium-sized micro-enterprises are affected by the impact, many people in charge told the "CAIJING" reporter, due to the need to pay staff salaries and other fixed costs, but the company's normal operations can not recover due to the impact of the epidemic, resulting in no operating income. At present, the cash flow difficulties, if not timely solution to the cash flow problem, it is difficult to continue to support.

"CAIJING" reporter noted that the plight of micro, small and medium-sized enterprises are being concerned about the relevant regulatory concerns. Earlier, on February 1, five departments, including the People's Bank of China, the Ministry of Finance, the China Banking and Insurance Regulatory Commission, the China Securities Regulatory Commission and the Foreign Exchange Bureau, jointly issued the notice on further strengthening financial support to prevent and control the spread of pneumonia in the COVID-19, it is pointed out that enterprises seriously affected by the epidemic may extend or renew their loans if they have difficulty in repaying the loans due to the epidemic, and support relevant enterprises in overcoming the impact of the epidemic disaster by appropriately lowering the interest rate of loans, increasing the amount of credit loans and medium and long-term loans.

Zhou Liang also said at the press conference that due to the impact of the epidemic, many small and micro enterprises have experienced some temporary difficulties. The CBRC has instructed banks and insurance institutions to take various measures to help them, for example, lending rates for small and micro enterprises in Hubei Province by major banks and joint-stock banks were cut by 0.5 percentage points from last year. Many banks have also extended special credit lines to small and micro businesses affected by the outbreak, granting relief to overdue interest.

At least 10 banks have offered themselves as "olive branches" since the policy was announced and are now negotiating the details, a beijing-based catering company official told CAIJING. Hoping to get more interest rate concessions on loans.

"CAIJING" reporters noted that the above-mentioned financial discount interest loans are currently mainly targeted at the epidemic prevention and control key protection enterprises. Some in the banking industry have said bluntly that, given the limited financial capacity, the first priority must be to protect the enterprises related to the epidemic prevention and control. But the next step could be to consider the introduction of specific standards, fiscal interest rate loans and other policies extended to some of the more affected industries or enterprises.

As on both sides of the coin, will the increase in bank lending in an epidemic lead to a rise in their own non performing loans? Zhou said that the non-performing loan rate for inclusive small and micro enterprises in 2019 was 3.22 percent, down nearly 1 percentage point from 2018. The outbreak of small and micro enterprises, especially accommodation, tourism, catering and other small and micro enterprises caused a certain impact, but the total will not be too large. For example, Hubei and Wuhan may be more seriously affected. Other regions are affected by the Spring Festival and the prevention and control measures. The bad rate is expected to rise. Judging from the operation of the entire financial system, last year, 2.3 trillion yuan of non-performing assets were disposed of, with small and micro-enterprises accounting for a relatively small proportion of non-performing loans.

"On the other hand, banks have more than 180 per cent of their provisions covered and have sufficient resources to cope with the rise in bad loans. The relationship between the economy and the financial real economy, we still have to look at the long term. "The outbreak is temporary, and given the resilience and room for maneuver of the Chinese economy, the impact will pass quickly and will not have a major impact on the entire financial sector, " Zhou stressed.

How much room is there for follow-on policy?

In the economic downturn cycle, add the impact of the epidemic, market concerns, the first quarter of this year may accelerate the pace of economic decline. In response, Pan said the impact of the outbreak on China's economy was temporary and would likely disrupt economic activity in the first quarter, but once the outbreak was under control, the economy would return more quickly to the vicinity of potential output.

"If you look at the history of SARS in 2003, it was the second quarter of that year that was disturbed by the SARS period, and the third quarter was a rapid rebound. Therefore, we believe that the Chinese economy will stabilize rapidly after the epidemic has subsided, and the delayed consumption and investment will be released, and the Chinese economy will have a compensatory recovery,"Pan said.

If the outbreak continues, what can be done to deal with it?

Some banking analysts said that as far as fiscal policy is concerned, the Ministry of Finance has given discount interest rates to enterprise loans, which are the focus of the epidemic prevention and control, the market is highly concerned about the next step for small and medium-sized enterprises tax reduction, tax exemption and fee reduction, fiscal space expansion (budget deficit rate, special debt, special bonds) and infrastructure investment-related policy initiatives.

Dong Ximiao, a special researcher at the National Finance and Development Laboratory, told Caijing that China should take various measures to prepare for the possible impact of the epidemic on the economy. On the one hand, fiscal policy should be more active and effective, tax reduction and fee reduction should continue to be carried out in depth, and the deficit ratio could be raised appropriately. On the other hand, monetary policy should be more flexible and appropriate to ensure that market liquidity is reasonable and adequate. In particular, we need to increase liquidity support for small and medium-sized banks through targeted reduction in reserve requirements, re-lending and re-discounting, and encourage them to further serve the private and micro-and small-sized enterprises that have been greatly affected by the epidemic.

Speaking at the press conference, Pan Gongsheng said that the People's Bank of China is carefully analyzing and assessing the impact of the epidemic on China's economy. The policy space of the Macroeconomic regulation and control is still ample, and among the world's major economies, china's monetary policy is still one of the few countries to implement a normal monetary policy. As a result, the toolbox is abundant.

"On monetary policy, the next step is to increase the intensity of counter-cyclical adjustment, maintain reasonably ample liquidity and provide a sound monetary and financial environment for the real economy. Second, we should further deepen the reform of interest rate marketization, improve the transmission mechanism of market quoted interest rate, improve the transmission efficiency of monetary policy, and reduce the cost of social financing. Third, we will continue to play the role of structural monetary policy tools, such as targeted downgrading, refinancing and rediscounting, and increase support for key areas and weak links in the national economy,"Pan said.

Dong Ximiao further pointed out that the regulatory authorities should adjust the relevant regulatory indicators and assessment requirements in a timely manner to ease the worries of financial institutions. Of course, while supporting the prevention and control of the epidemic, financial institutions should also pay more attention to the prevention of financial risks and take measures to guard against possible moral risks, such as to enterprises and individuals who evade debts in the name of the epidemic, should be incorporated into the credit system in a timely manner.

Read more about the outbreak in pictures

Editor in chief | Duanhuang@caijing. COM.CN
This is an original article from CAIJING magazine, which can not be reproduced or mirrored without authorization. For reprinting, please leave a message at the end of the article to request and obtain authorization.

Editor in chief | Duanhuang@caijing. COM.CN

This is an original article from CAIJING magazine, which can not be reproduced or mirrored without authorization. For reprinting, please leave a message at the end of the article to request and obtain authorization.

Go to "discover"-"take a look" browse "friends watching"

Sent

####Send it to take a look

Sending

A scan of wechat
Pay attention to the account


-------------
title: Four ministries "plus" enterprise support: increase the size of interest discount funds, tax incentives will be issued
source: cai-jing-za-zhi-/-cai-jing-shi-yi-ren
authors: _
editors: _
proofreader: _
photographer: _
translator: _
via: https://github.com/2019ncovmemory/nCovMemory
link: https://mp.weixin.qq.com/s/ZHgMRHVEw6VuK1wER4PNdQ
archive: http://archive.today/gE9tb
snapshot: https://github.com/2019ncovmemory/nCovMemory/blob/master/archive/jpg/444.jpg
lead: In accordance with the latest decision of the State Council meeting, the scale of discount interest funds will be increased, and 50% of the loan interest rate actually obtained by enterprises will be granted discount interest according to the focus of epidemic prevention and control, so as to ensure that the actual financing cost of enterprises will be less than 1.6% 
cover: data:image/jpeg;base64,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
