##Diary of the siege of Wuhan | day 16

Techread

Features, Lanxi, founder of zhulu.com  , focuses on in-depth observations and business reviews of Internet startups, new media, and subcultures.

Like you, I was sad for a long time last night, which deepened when someone told me that Dr. Li Wenliang was paying attention to me, like a blunt knife with a rusty scar in my chest, the more I tried to heal, the more it hurts.

Yes, unlike Dr Last Resort 17 years ago, calling Dr Li a hero is not about what a great thing he has done.

He heard the news of a new type of pneumonia. Out of the goodness of human nature, he reminded his colleagues to be on guard and became one of the eight "rumour mongers" . Then he was admonished by the police, signed an honest pledge and continued to receive medical treatment on the front line. Unfortunately, he was infected by the virus, i hope I can get well soon, so that I can go back to work, and give an interview to the media and say, "a healthy society should not have only one voice. ".

Does he have a The Wrestler? I don't think so. He did not even give his name until the outbreak of new pneumonia, and not many people really believed it was bad. But when the tide turned, early warnings became meaningless, and even Li, who was aware of the need for epidemic prevention, underestimated the infectiousness of the virus, compromising his health and life in the process of treating patients.

However, it is precisely because of this that Dr. Li Wenliang is more like a close friend of ours. You and I all know a few such people, with the most simple sense of justice, full of enthusiasm and kindness to the world, afraid and afraid, cAN ACCEPT SWALLOW GRIEVANCE, willing to obey the leadership arrangement, conscientious to do their own thing.

So, is he still a hero?

Of course it is.

It was Dr. Li Wenliang who, when he should have kept quiet, couldn't resist caring for others, breaking the rules of the tight net, and spreading the news. He may not have meant to cause more influence, but he did.

It was Dr. Li Wen-liang who put his hand-print and signature on the admonition. ZWEIG said that in human history, there are always moments when "light shines in the dark and heroes suffer for everyone. " I think, such was the moment when Dr. Li Wenliang was summoned to the police station.

It was Dr. Li Wenliang, who was branded, trampled on his dignity, and stained his resume. He did not know how much grievance he had hidden in his heart. He immediately returned to the clinic, scrupulously abided by his duty as a doctor, and came into contact with one high-risk patient after another, there's a lot of optimism and a lot of strength in you until you get to the ICU.

And then, we lost someone.

On what grounds? Why should good people die? Why repair a road and bridge without a body? Why should I be punished for telling the truth? How come so many people came to your aid and you couldn't save your own life? Why is it so easy to feel powerless?

All eyes are absurd, all ears are plaintive.

Again, Zweig, in the chapter on Tolstoj, says, "real power does not oppose violence through violence, but through obedience renders violence powerless. ". "

That's what Dr. Li did. He didn't hurt anyone. His Weibo account was scrolled from top to bottom. No one could find a single black spot. He was patriotic, dedicated, honest and friendly.

People like that, they don't deserve to die like this.

No. I don't understand.

This is my diary of the siege of Wuhan, the 16th day of mourning for Dr. Li Wenliang.

Go to "discover"-"take a look" browse "friends watching"

Sent

####Send it to take a look

Sending

A scan of wechat
Pay attention to the account


-------------
title: Diary of the siege of Wuhan | day 16
source: lan-xi
authors: _
editors: _
proofreader: _
photographer: _
translator: _
via: https://github.com/2019ncovmemory/nCovMemory
link: https://mp.weixin.qq.com/s/g69dYPPiM52-RAaoqn1FuQ
archive: http://archive.ph/IbSnz
snapshot: https://github.com/2019ncovmemory/nCovMemory/blob/master/archive/jpg/547.jpg
lead: All eyes are absurd, all ears are plaintive.
cover: data:image/jpeg;base64,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
