##Farewell to Dr. Li Wenliang: May there be no more viruses in heaven | in-depth report

Wechat Bqshenyidu

Features, Beijing Youth Daily, the official public number

Reporter / Han Qian Li Dong Xiao Yu Tong Cao Hui ru Wei Xiao Han Guo Hui Min Liang Ting intern / Chen Weijing

Editor / Yang Baolu & Song Jianhua

Good Luck, Dr. Li Wenliang (photo source / People's Daily New Media)

At 2:58 am on February 7, an ophthalmologist from Wuhan Central Hospital, Li Wenliang, died after being infected during an outbreak of COVID-19 pneumonia. It was less than a week before he was diagnosed with COVID-19.

Wuhan Health Commission issued a notice early Monday morning to express deep condolences to Dr. Li Wenliang and expressed deep condolences to his family!

At 00:05 on February 7, our reporter learned From@li Mengping Camille, a weibo-certified emergency room nurse at Wuhan Central Hospital, that Li Wenliang was still being treated with an artificial lung (ECMO) , which began around 9pm that night. She said, "the disease is a rapid change in the original condition, may be one moment talking people, the next moment is not up. ".

Wuhan Central Hospital posted the news at 3:48 a.m. on its official Weibo Account

He was diagnosed on February 1st and has had multiple relapses

On Feb. 1, Li described his condition to a reporter: "still breathing difficulties, lung function recovery is slow. " On the same day, he refused to continue to give interviews with other media, "a little tired, I want to take a good rest first. ". Li believes obesity may have contributed to his slow recovery.

A nurse who was in charge of Li Wenliang's care had previously told the media that Li Wenliang had a severe fever, often 39.6 degrees and 39.7 degrees, and that injections and medication were useless, as well as breathing difficulties. "when it was serious, he looked distressed, out of breath, cyanotic, so I put a mask on him and gave him high-flow oxygen. "

Over the next few days, Li's illness kept coming and going. She was given Zók (anti-inflammatory) , Levofloxacin (anti-inflammatory) , Ribavirin (anti-viral) , Oseltamivir (anti-viral) and Gamma Globulin to boost the patient's immunity, as directed by her doctor. Li Wenliang said in an interview with reporters that the use of immunoglobulins is self-financed to buy from outside, a bottle price of 600 yuan, a daily need to dozen eight bottles.

Li's circle of friends is set to "visible for only three days" . He loves good food and has shared a lot of food in his circle of friends. Since he got sick, he hasn't posted much on his circle of friends. Now there is only one line and 13 cold words left.

By February 5th, Li Wenliang was feeling worse. That afternoon, Li Wenliang told the CAIXIN reporter through Wechat that his illness had been repeated. "these two days are not as good as before, high-flow + Mask oxygen saturation is only 88-99, increased dyspnea, oxygen saturation (Blood Oxygen Saturation)87, heart rate 122. I had 110 arterial oxygen pressure the day before yesterday (February 3) , today I only have 64. "

7 am, rescue Dr. Li Wen Liang breathing and critical medical care room door photography / Caixindinggang

Doctors have said there will be an inflection point

January 10, Li Wenliang began to cough, fever, CT results showed multiple lung infection, ground glass-like lesions. He was hospitalized on 12 January and transferred to the respiratory isolation ward on 14 January. He gradually developed the problem of aspiration, which was transferred to intensive-care unit on the 24th.

On Jan. 26, Li Wenliang said, "doctors say the inflection point should begin to appear within the next few days, but the recovery time of lung function is relatively slow. "

On January 28, Li Wenliang described the development of his illness in an in-depth interview, "I started out mainly with fever and nausea, but then the fever slowly subsided and I felt hopeful. But after the 16th, breathing difficulty aggravated, completely can not get out of bed, defecate and urinate in bed. 24 to intensive-care unit. Antibiotics, hormones, antiviral drugs and high-flow oxygen therapy are now being used."

Li Wenliang, who has never been to the south China Seafood Market, believes he was infected because he saw a suspected patient. "On January 7 and 8, I saw a patient with acute glaucoma who developed a fever the day after she was admitted. CT Scan of the lungs and respiratory virus, Mycoplasma and chlamydia were done immediately after the fever. The CT scan of the lungs showed ground-glass lung lesions consistent with COVID-19 pneumonia. "after the patient developed fever, doctors began to be required to wear N95 masks, which they had not worn before the patient developed a fever.

Li Wenliang had two nucleic acid tests, the second negative, until February 1, he told the deep once reporters, the day before the third nucleic acid test results were positive, only then confirmed infection new coronary pneumonia.

In an exchange with the documentary director Zhao Qi on the afternoon of Feb. 2, Li Wen Liang said he was still having difficulty breathing, that his lung function was recovering slowly and that doctors estimated he would be hospitalized for another two weeks.

Li Wenliang considered, and so on the physical recovery, he would also continue to participate in the first-line rescue work, "now the epidemic is still spreading, do not want to be a deserter, " "everyone does not go, how to do? "

Li's parents were infected two days after he developed symptoms, including fever, vomiting and ground-glass lung lesions on a CT scan. "They were hospitalized around January 15 and 16, when the beds were already very tight, " said Li, whose parents have since been discharged.

Li and his wife have not seen each other since January 11, and their pregnant wife is in a foreign country. Li Wenliang said in an interview with a once-deep reporter earlier that, "I video-chat with my wife every day, and she encourages me every day to be positive, and she and her son are waiting for me. I'm having trouble breathing, and I can't talk very well. She usually talks and I listen. "

Dr. Li Wenliang also said a few days ago, after the recovery on the line

Someone got "dodged" because of him

On the evening of February 6, after the media reported that Li Wenliang had died, another news came that Li Wenliang was being rescued by ECMO, and that fellow alumni from Li's former school had been consulting with each other. At 0:38 on the 7th, Wuhan Central Hospital Official micro-release News, Dr. Li Wenliang "currently critically ill, is in full rescue. ".

"seven cases of SARS have been confirmed in the south China fruit and seafood market and are being quarantined in the Emergency Department of our hospital, " Li said in a group of college classmates in a screenshot of a December 30,2019 chat. After that, he signed a "commandment" in the police station.

The screenshot, which was widely circulated, was taken out of context, Li said. "At the beginning of the group, I said 'confirmed 7 cases of SARS, ' which was not accurate. Later, I stressed that it was coronavirus, and I was still typing. "

On January 28, Supreme People's Court posted an article saying, "although the new type of pneumonia is not SARS, the content of the message is not totally fabricated, but if the public listens to this 'rumor' and takes measures such as wearing a mask, strict disinfection and avoiding going to the wildlife market based on the fear of SARS, it may be a blessing for us to better control the new type of pneumonia today. "

Zhang, whose family is in Wuhan, claims to have benefited from Li's "early warning" . "I am personally very grateful to him for letting me start putting masks on my family and friends in early January. "

A screenshot of the above was posted on January 1 to a high school group in Zhangjiang, "I am someone who has experienced Atypical pneumonia. ". In 2003, when Zhang Jiang was studying at a university in Beijing, his head teacher and his wife died of SARS, leaving behind a daughter.

On the same day, Zhang Jiang placed an order online and bought 300 disposable masks and 3 gas masks for his family. The family does not believe, Zhang Jiang persuades daily, reminds. Zhang is now in Shanghai for work, and his family can not go downstairs in Wuhan. Zhang said the family had "averted the disaster" .

Li Wenliang, 34, likes Xiao Zhan, Qing Yu Nian and anime, and tweets a lot. "today is another busy day, " Li wrote on his Weibo account on his birthday last year. "Many patients feel impatient. Thanks to everyone for understanding me... " The new year, he hoped "can make a simple person, sees clearly the world is miscellaneous but does not leave the trace in the heart, maintains the sufficient ordinary mind. "

(Zhang Jiang is a pseudonym)

Confession of a high-speed train "close contact" : He sat next to me, did not take off his mask | in-depth report

In-depth report on a 30-hour journey home

A volunteer of Wuhan Red Cross Society | in-depth report

Go to "discover"-"take a look" browse "friends watching"

Sent

####Send it to take a look

Sending

A scan of wechat
Pay attention to the account


-------------
title: Farewell to Dr. Li Wenliang: May there be no more viruses in heaven | in-depth report
source: bei-qing-shen-yi-du
authors: _
editors: _
proofreader: _
photographer: _
translator: _
via: https://github.com/2019ncovmemory/nCovMemory
link: https://mp.weixin.qq.com/s/je-2p-N2cCcKYtxIAcuA7A
archive: http://archive.is/PjqoS
snapshot: https://github.com/2019ncovmemory/nCovMemory/blob/master/archive/jpg/390.jpg
lead: 7 February, 2:58, Dr. Death
cover: data:image/jpeg;base64,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
