##It was Li Wenliang who saved us | from the plague, 002

Wechat, cang1she

Features, you've never seen the city of martial arts

[ under the epidemic ] is a non-fiction column by the Cangyi Society, which documents the reports of ordinary Chinese fighting the COVID-19 epidemic as it spread.

Hi, I'm uncle face.

In this special period, our agency opened a column under the epidemic to record the stories of ordinary people fighting the epidemic. No one can stay out of this disaster. I hope that those who witnessed the outbreak will be able to tell their stories.
Today's author is an ophthalmologist. She shares a cell with Dr. Li Wenliang, known as the "whistle blower, " who was alerted to the threat of COVID-19 before the outbreak, and many health care workers were put on alert and effectively protected.
Yesterday, Dr. Li Wenliang died of pneumonia due to new virus infection.
This is the second report under the epidemic situation
In memory of the Whistler
Location: Wuhan
When: February 2020
The full text is 3630 words and takes about 5 minutes to read

Hi, I'm uncle face.

In this special period, our agency opened a column under the epidemic to record the stories of ordinary people fighting the epidemic. No one can stay out of this disaster. I hope that those who witnessed the outbreak will be able to tell their stories.

Today's author is an ophthalmologist. She shares a cell with Dr. Li Wenliang, known as the "whistle blower, " who was alerted to the threat of COVID-19 before the outbreak, and many health care workers were put on alert and effectively protected.

Yesterday, Dr. Li Wenliang died of pneumonia due to new virus infection.

This is the second report under the epidemic situation

In memory of the Whistler

Location: Wuhan

When: February 2020

The full text is 3630 words and takes about 5 minutes to read

December 30th, 2019. That's my birthday. After dinner, received a call from colleagues, she said mysteriously, Li Wenliang in their group sent a message, said the south China Seafood Market confirmed seven cases of SARS.

Li Wenliang is my younger brother, we are the same door, but I and he is not in a group. I was surprised and a little skeptical. How could an ophthalmologist prioritize the SARS virus? Then the phone rang several times, the colleagues exhorted me, do not use wechat to tell family, can only call to remind family attention.

I hung up the phone, still do not mind, still with Mr. Laugh at my colleagues this cautious, and continue to indulge in my birthday party. Little did we know that an invisible virus was coming for us

I woke up the next day, opened my phone as usual and read Wechat, a few words that made me jump out of bed in shock. The same colleague sent a message, simple words: Last Night Li Wenliang was taken away.

I am confused at a draught, the plot that only has in the TV play has happened around us? I reconsidered what my colleague said on the phone yesterday, and the more I realized that what Li Wenliang had sent was probably true.

Wash Gargle came to the unit, everyone's eyes with a tacit understanding, it seems to have something to say and do not break, just a "know it" each other point, the other side is enough to know.

We all believe that Li Wenliang will not fabricate lies, quietly do the most basic protection, he prepared a mask and gloves, did not say anything more.

Those few days, we had a period of seemingly calm days, we still outpatient ward rotation. Want to take the children to travel, and her husband to go to whose home for the New Year, and the New Year on duty and plans to conflict with busy with the shift, everyone in mind planning a variety of arrangements for the Spring Festival.

The New Year is coming, the world outside the hospital has filled with the festive atmosphere, the ward will never be quiet down, the corridor is filled with the smell of feet, spray how much water can not suppress.

What virus? WHAT SARS? Nobody seems to mention it. Occasionally mentioned, but also "limited human to human transmission. ". No matter how busy we are, we still feel strong. Sooner or later, everything will pass away.

January 21,2020. Last clinic until 2020. By this time, academician Zhong Nanshan had already arrived in Wuhan and confirmed the evidence of "human-to-human transmission" . At that moment, everyone began to get nervous.

That afternoon, I still arrived at the clinic on time, because many people are closed, that afternoon I was very busy. It's not that I don't want to stop seeing patients, but I have several out-of-town patients coming to see me. It's like having dinner plans with a friend, only to be told at the last minute that I can't go. I'm a little embarrassed.

Besides, as a young specialist, I'm just not "qualified" enough to ask for a medical suspension.

That afternoon, only one specialist clinic and two general clinics were open. I think of Li Wenliang issued a warning, wear a mask gloves and other protective equipment, patients are advised not to squeeze in the narrow space, try to maintain a patient room. At first everyone dispersed, and as the waiting time lengthened, the patient outside became visibly agitated.

The first one to come in was a post-operation follow-up patients, he was supported by his wife, a door, he collapsed on the stool in the doorway. I thought of Dr. Lee's news, asked alert to the situation, he said since the hospital, fever, limb weakness, all fast can not breathe, if not to come today, really do not want to come.

I immediately motioned to the other patients not to watch, to explain to his wife, first go to the emergency department fever clinic to see, this is more important than the removal of stitches. Fortunately, the old patient, although some do not understand my disposal, but trust my judgment, or do as I said.

Taking advantage of a patient out of the gap, an aunt crowded in, looked around, and listened to the loud voice outside the Wuhan dialect, "the mask and gloves made a hell of a person, she made some ghost! "

I was angry but helpless, the mask covered most of my face, but I still wanted to return the favor with a frown and fierce eyes.

Around the patients are angry to laugh, and not much to say.

When I finished the clinic and contacted the patient with fever on Wechat, no one answered the phone.

On January 22,2020, the hospital decided to use our department as an isolation ward for pneumonia patients, and the atmosphere became more and more tense. Everyone is aware of the seriousness of the situation, the development of the epidemic has been beyond our imagination.

The nursing team is first in line at Remember the Titans: rearranging the wards; discharging each of the more than 20 patients in the hospital; installing the air purifier; and collecting protective gear, each doing the work at hand in silence.

These children, born in the 1980s and 1990s, they are not even too impressed by SARS 17 years ago, and they are even less aware of the transmission of the unknown virus, given that protective materials are still in short supply, was pushed to the forefront of the epidemic, to quarantine.

The ten children, too late to go home to get a change of clothes, and too late to say goodbye to their families and children, they hurriedly put on the white isolation clothes. Aren't you scared? It's too late to be scared. It all happened so quickly, and with each day the epidemic was changing, everyone was both nervous and determined.

The first time they put on a suit, they are inexperienced and don't wear much in the suit. The temperature in the isolation ward plummeted as the air conditioning's ventilation system shut down for fear of spreading the virus. One to the early morning, the nurses on duty cold shiver, had to put on a quilt, tightly wrapped body, usually familiar with the ward, watching the general silence of the night.

In addition, go to the toilet and menstrual period of trouble is to give her a heavy blow. Days of busy, let her forget to look at the calendar, the Damn period at this time came on schedule.

But what can you do? If we take off the suit and go outside and clean it up, there won't be any new suits to wear in the isolation room.

I can not imagine how a young girl, is embarrassed to clench her legs, rubbing the pain of the lower abdomen, hunched, let the blood flow down slowly. The cold, the dull pain, the fear, was the worst night of her not-so-long life.

The Sun finally came out, take over the colleagues come to the changing of the guard, she did not say anything, just hope that their protective clothing is not too ugly, can let her out of isolation ward with dignity.

All the nurses in the isolation ward were arranged to live together in the hotel opposite the hospital, so that they would not have to worry. After work, they gather at the hotel, where a dozen nurses gather.

At first, it was Hirataira who called her husband. In the video, her originally white face was covered with ligature marks, and as she spoke, the child burst into the camera, calling out "mom" softly. Hirataira turned to wipe away her tears, and the little nurse beside her sobbed.

At 12 p.m. , nervous nurses received an urgent call from the Nursing Department -- Nine nurses in close contact with the head nurse -- and immediately went to the Radiology Department for a CT scan and a COVID-19.

They all knew what the call was about. The head nurse's chest CT was highly suspected of COVID-19 pneumonia, so other nurses were at potential risk of infection and needed to be screened immediately.

No one said much, dressed in silence, put on a mask, go out. Walking along the road, they consciously pull away from others. No one knows who the virus has installed in the body of home, who will be swallowed.

At night on New Year's Eve, the cold wind whistled, too quiet to be true.

The CT results came back soon, three were suspicious, and the throat swab wouldn't come back until the next day. Now they found that disease is not terrible, terrible fear of the unknown. They're all being quarantined for results. Time suddenly became rich, but all they could do was hold their mobile phones and keep refreshing the news.

Seeing other colleagues in the group break down and cry, unable to change their diapers even though they are wet through, unable to go to the toilet for more than 10 hours without eating, drinking or going to the toilet, they can not sit still any longer, and have expressed their desire not to stay in hotels, but to return to the front line of battle, with the sisters!

Luckily, the throat swabs came back, and they're all negative. They had not even survived the 14-day quarantine before returning to the battlefield.

Those of you who haven't been in isolation may not have much experience. Usually, we're not in the contagium or infection department, and we don't get a lot of chances. When the Clarion call of the epidemic sounded, all the doctors in the hospital turned into infectious disease doctors in an instant.

The first time I went to the isolation ward on duty, my fellow doctor called me and told me, "slow down, one step at a time... " then he said, "nothing to be afraid of! " The daughter on the other end of the phone, who didn't know how to hide her feelings, burst into tears. "Mom, I don't want you to go! "

Holding back tears, I hung up the phone, saying nothing at the moment. I go over and over in my mind the action of wearing the protective clothing in the video, for fear of a little slip-up.

Push open that heavy door, usually full of the hospital room now empty to let me some trance.

It was already midnight, and the ward was dimly lit, with the choking patient's head hanging down beside his anxious family. I went over and explained to the family, did not say a few words, the protective goggles suffused with hazy fog. Unable to see each other's test results, we had to stop talking for a few words and continue talking about treatment options and risks when the fog had lifted.

The patient's family kept nodding and saying, "thank you. Thank you for coming so late. ". Through the thick protective clothing, I can not give a comforting expression, can only nod, we can do all tell him clearly.

Today, more than a month has passed since Li Wenliang gave us an early warning of the epidemic. Without these conscientious and responsible people to remind us again and again, perhaps this month, we would still be caught unawares, exposing ourselves to the threat of the virus.

These days, I do not have much time to pay attention to external voices, just the news of the work group can not be seen, the daily activity track is limited to wards and hotels.

But last night, the work group spread out the younger brother Li Wenliang because of infection new pneumonia rescue invalid news.

I can't take it. I have nothing to say.

* This post is illustrated from the web.

* In order to protect the privacy of the parties concerned, some of the characters in the article were given pseudonyms.

—END—

Editor | Liu Jian

Submitted by:

Hi, I'm uncle face. Since the outbreak, I've been monitoring the situation in the affected areas. I was in Wuhan University, where there are many of my teachers and friends, now I can do limited, only hope to collect some more stories, for the voice of the people.

Whether you are a medical worker, a social rescuer, a person in an infected area, or a public service provider such as a restaurant, transportation or hotel, I want to hear your true experience and convey your message.

Email: cang1she@163. Com

Fee: 1,500-3,000 yuan per article

I want to go out for hot pot

WECHAT SWEEPS UP Praise for author

####Send it to the author

People Admire

Long-press the QR code to transfer the funds to me

Under apple's new rules, wechat's iOS version of the APP has been turned off to support public accounts through Qr code transfers.

Go to "discover"-"take a look" browse "friends watching"

Sent

####Send it to take a look

Sending

A scan of wechat
Pay attention to the account


-------------
title: It was Li Wenliang who saved us | from the plague, 002
source: cang-yi-she-（-ge-ti-）
authors: _
editors: _
proofreader: _
photographer: _
translator: _
via: https://github.com/2019ncovmemory/nCovMemory
link: https://mp.weixin.qq.com/s/XI3Jek0eK-WWPdiX5NFL0Q
archive: http://archive.is/JC2qT
snapshot: https://github.com/2019ncovmemory/nCovMemory/blob/master/archive/jpg/682.jpg
lead: His warning saved the lives of many medical workers
cover: data:image/jpeg;base64,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
