##Epidemic Season Special (the more you do)

Micro-signal Mengbeiyu

Feature Introduction, an anachronistic cynic's thought and attempt.

Harvard: A special chapter of the epidemic: The more you do it, the more you do it

One thing that has just happened, simply put, is that I will soon be disciplined for the second time in my career.

I told you about the form bombing in the early days of the Office of Epidemic Prevention and control, where I was immersed in the Sea of forms every day. Within a day, we should receive notification documents or forms from 20 or 30 departments, then distribute these documents and forms to thirty villages, and then take back the forms from these thirty villages, perfect them, compile statistics, and report them to these departments, most of the forms have to be completed by 10:00 a.m. , because after 10:00 a.m. , any department that doesn't receive them will notify us the next day.

Of course, the work was not done by one person, but by several, but I was undoubtedly the key one. That was the problem. That day, the Party secretary of the county requested all the towns and villages to report to the people of the county before 6 p.m. , or they would not be allowed to sleep all night. This, of course, can not be done, but no one dares to say that at this time we require everyone to report as much as they can before six o'clock in the afternoon, so as not to miss the time being reported. Although we ended up in the middle of the night, by field visits, inquiries, speculation and fabrications, just barely completed the data report, but many of the villages, although not completely cleared, but almost cleared the vast majority.

Among them, the flower village sent me the forms they had checked out, and I copied and pasted the forms they had reported into the town's summary Table, and that night when we visited the last community, i finally finished the last form in the middle of the night. But by this time the hidden danger has been buried, but none of us know.

Yesterday, Du Yumen and Xue Haiyang went to Xianhua village to nail a sign, which said, "there are people from the same family who are going back to their hometown, and they are not allowed to visit during the period of isolation. " After they arrived in the village, they got the list of the village, suddenly it was discovered that two people had returned from Shenzhen on January 30, and these two people were not on the list reported in Niaoyuhua town. So Du Yumen and Xue Haiyang asked the village cadres why. The village cadres said, the two men were identified the next day after the investigation of Xianhua village was completed, but they had been sent as additional personnel to Meng Beiyu.

After returning, in a responsible attitude, Du Yumen and Xue Haiyang will be the two villagers as a new check out of the returnees reported.

I looked at the chat record, Xianhua village paper did send me a form, the form only two people, but I did not receive, and did not reply to Xianhua village paper. I didn't notice it, so I didn't get it, no wonder, those days are really too many forms, I have to send forms to several departments, and I have to collect forms from thirty villages, even if you let me do it again, and I'm not sure I'm gonNA miss anything this time. I usually focus on the villages that haven't submitted the forms, and I rarely notice the villages that have submitted the forms that haven't.

The problem has finally come to a head. After receiving our report, the county prevention and Control Headquarters, as if facing a great enemy, requested the government of Niaoyuhuazhen to immediately review and explain why two people who had already returned to their hometown on January 30 were not checked out and reported until yesterday, according to the county prevention and Control Command, weren't these two supposed to have been identified and reported the same day? Of course, their logic is basically correct.

So we investigated, the Flower Village Committee insisted that the form has been sent to Meng Beiyu, I just looked at the chat records, they did send me, but I did not receive, because I did not find the form. They sent me a total of three forms, a summary Table, which included almost all the villagers they had visited and surveyed, and then they sent me a form with five people in it, representing the newly identified people, i also copied these five into the Matrix. But the next morning I was sent a form, adding two Shenzhen returnees, is this form I did not receive.

At the moment, the county liaison leader Wang Gang, standing committee member, was present, "Do you know why the county prevention and Control Headquarters is so nervous? " He said? I want to read you a news, it was just issued yesterday by the Municipal Commission of Discipline Inspection, the same thing happened in the downtown area, there are two people who went home and were not checked out at the first time, but were checked out after a week, which is very similar to us. And how did that work out? City officials were ordered to conduct a public review, street leaders were admonished to talk, officers in charge were given verbal warnings, and staff involved in the investigation were removed from their posts and all performance bonuses for this year were deducted."

Wang Gang Standing Committee paused, continue to say: "The city Discipline Inspection Commission this announcement was just issued yesterday, and the bird language flower town today the same thing, the county government can not be nervous? "? Su Ru, you are in charge, I remember when the report form was submitted, and you signed Oh!"

Su Ru, who was already very nervous, was even more nervous after hearing Wang's words. I was embarrassed to be there. I knew it was a mistake not to look at every piece of information carefully, but I really couldn't have done everything right under the circumstances, i don't believe that this is only happening in Niaoyuhuazhen, a town of tens of thousands of people like Niaoyuhuazhen. We don't believe that they checked all the people on the same day and didn't have anything to add.

But things have come to this point, especially looking at Su Ru's expression, want to blame me but not good attack appearance, I think perhaps should make a statement, the responsibility all shoulder down, let the people present a little bit more comfortable. And because poppy was by my side, I felt it was time for me to act like a responsible man, i said, "I think the fact sheet was written as it was, and it was the village that sent me the form, but I didn't notice, and it got the two of them reported for eight days in the evening. ". But they were not out of control, nor were they high risk, because the village committee had taken measures to measure their body temperature every day and to restrict the movement of relatives and friends, but had not reported the data to county level authorities. If there are consequences to this, I will bear them."

But obviously I was wrong. What the leaders need is not a scapegoat, what they need is to resolve this matter and not let their own black hat covered with dust. I am very grateful to them, i even wonder if their starting point is not their own black hat, but do not want this incident to ruin a young person's future, more importantly, because of a form to destroy half of this young person's income this year.

Do you think I feel wronged? Of course, I feel wronged, every day so many forms, the list of tens of thousands of people, the initial list of statistics is almost by myself to complete the statistics, the result of missing two, let me suffer a sanction, loss of half of this year's income. But the reason for the disciplinary action against the downtown staff member seemed so convincing that I even thought that the downtown staff member who received the disciplinary penalty bonus might have worked overtime into the middle of the night like me, maybe it's just that they missed a door when they knocked on the hundreds of doors that night, and there happened to be two returnees inside the door. As a result, even though they later identified these two people, they made up for it, but everything he's done has been for nothing.

If you ask me, one more time, can I make sure I don't Miss Anything? My answer was no. I sat from 8:00 a.m. to 1:30 a.m. and didn't do anything but submit the forms. I was notified the next day because I didn't hand them in, do you think I can make sure I don't leave anyone out? Maybe somebody could have done it, but nobody wanted to do it, except me.

Fault-tolerant mechanism is like the strange beast in the book of Mountains and seas. If I had to do it all over again, I probably wouldn't have taken the job, because a lot of the tasks were assigned to me and you weren't going to get them done, but the truth is, I quickly quit when I thought it was appropriate. At this point I kind of envy the people who aren't willing to take on this kind of important project work. No doubt, they are wise. I thought I was the Chosen One, i have to do what others do not want to do, dare not to do, can not do to prove themselves, sometimes success, success, nothing but self-confidence, success, sometimes failure, failure, almost lost everything.

Like I said, people aren't born good, or bad. People are educated. Some old ladies are not born to lie on the ground and blackmail people, and some minors are not born to break the law and commit crimes, they are all slowly educated by "the old person violates the law not to assume responsibility" and "the minor violates the law not to punish" .

So this matter has also educated us, educated our leaders, I believe also educated all county and township officials in Sanjiang City, no longer report worries. "since this is the case, in the future we will check out the people we did not check out before, " Wang said. "We will take measures on our own and will no longer report to our superiors, so that no one else will be punished. " I think there are so many districts and towns in Sanjiang City, we can't be the only ones thinking that.

Whoo, the Ziwu County Prevention and Control Headquarters and the Tam Giang City Discipline Inspection Commission, finally through practical action to educate people, so that they can no longer hear the real voice.

As for my punishment and ending, perhaps better than the downtown fellow, perhaps even more unfortunate than that fellow, I do not care, a man for meat, anger and resistance are powerless, but loss of dignity. To be punished, but also decent, do not cry, this is a stubborn grass-roots cadres only dignity.

Share this article with everyone you know

WECHAT SWEEPS UP Praise for author

####Send it to the author

People Admire

Long-press the QR code to transfer the funds to me

Under apple's new rules, wechat's iOS version of the APP has been turned off to support public accounts through Qr code transfers.

Go to "discover"-"take a look" browse "friends watching"

Sent

####Send it to take a look

Sending

A scan of wechat
Pay attention to the account


-------------
title: Epidemic Season Special (the more you do)
source: ji-ceng-xu-gou-gu-shi
authors: _
editors: _
proofreader: _
photographer: _
translator: _
via: https://github.com/2019ncovmemory/nCovMemory
link: https://mp.weixin.qq.com/s/vJ3D2t7o_0fOwFq9eZ8t2Q
archive: http://archive.ph/CjthU
snapshot: https://github.com/2019ncovmemory/nCovMemory/blob/master/archive/jpg/978.jpg
lead: So this matter has also educated us, educated our leaders, I believe also educated all county and township officials in Sanjiang City, no longer report worries. "since this is the case, we will take measures on our own and will no longer report to the higher-ups so that others will not be punished, " Wang said
cover: data:image/jpeg;base64,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
