##Li Wenliang died 10 hours, the State Supervision Commission decided to go to Wuhan Comprehensive Investigation

Wechat, chinanewsweekly

Function introduction, here is "China News weekly" the head of the weekly gentleman, the influence has the influence you. Come with me to break through the fog, to find the truth, to watch the Times.

He once said, "when I get better, I'll be on the front line. I don't want to be a deserter. "

At 13:02 noon on February 7, the website of the State Supervision and Administration Commission of the Central Commission for Discipline Inspection announced that with the approval of the Central Committee, the State Supervision and Administration Commission had decided to send an investigation team to Wuhan, Hubei Province, to conduct a comprehensive survey on the problems related to Dr Li Wenliang as reported by the public.

Late on the night of February 6, when the news came that Li Wenliang was dying, hundreds of millions of netizens could not sleep at night. At 22:24 p.m. , China News weekly called the intensive-care unit of Wuhan's Central Hospital, who said he was being treated. A doctor at the Wuhan Union Hospital said Li stopped his heart at about 21:30 that night and has since been treated with ECMO.

At 3:48 on February 7, the official Weibo Account of Wuhan Central Hospital announced that Li Wenliang, an ophthalmologist at the hospital, had contracted pneumonia during an outbreak of COVID-19 infection and had failed to respond with all his efforts, at 2:58 a.m. on February 7,2020, our deepest sympathies and condolences.

On Jan. 31, China Newsweek online interviewed Li Wenliang, who was still undergoing treatment at the intensive-care unit. He breathed through a tube and could only type and communicate. At that time, the doctor told him that the inflection point of the disease in these days, but the recovery of lung function will take some time, he said, "when the disease is cured, but also on the front line, do not want to be a deserter. "

Li had been admonished by the Public Security Bureau for warning on Wechat that "seven SARS cases have been confirmed in the south China fruit and Seafood Market" .

In the text response process, Li Wenliang many times to suspend the interview, receiving treatment. "sorry about the injection and antibiotics, but the blood picture is a little high. It may be combined with bacterial infection, " Li replied after a break of more than 20 minutes.

Li Wenliang, a native of Liaoning Province, is 34. After the 2004 Gaokao, he said, he decided to go to a university in the south because he did not like the social and social sophistication of his acquaintances. He enrolled in a seven year program in clinical medicine at the Wuhan University because he wanted a stable job. After graduating, he worked in Xiamen for three years before returning to Wuhan in 2014 to work in the Ophthalmology Department of Wuhan Central Hospital.

On December 30,2019, Li Wenliang heard from colleagues that the emergency department had quarantined seven SARS patients from the south China Seafood Market. Shortly after 5:00 p.m. that day, he sent the news to a group of more than 150 college classmates, explaining that "the expression of SARS is not quite accurate, it should be coronavirus, the specific type is yet to be confirmed. " He asked everyone to strengthen their prevention and stressed that they should not spread the news. However, this "south China seafood market confirmed 7 cases of SARS, " the Wechat screenshot or spread, a large number of online retweets.

After seeing the screenshots taken out of context and not being coded, Li Wenliang was angry at first and had a feeling that he might be punished, but then he was immediately relieved that others might have been worried for a while, just like him, and to remind family and friends.

At 1:30 a.m. on December 31, Li Wenliang received a phone call asking him to go to the Wuhan Municipal Health and Health Commission. "At that time, the Health Commission held an all-night meeting. It was supposed to be a meeting to deal with the epidemic. Our hospital leaders and the director of the medical department attended the meeting. " After the meeting, the hospital leaders asked Li for his source of information and sent him home at 4 a.m. During the day, Li went to the hospital supervision department two or three times. He was repeatedly asked about the source of the information and whether he recognized the "mistake of spreading rumors" . He was also asked to write a self-reflection and self-criticism of "spreading false information. ".

On the same day, a red-headed document with the official seal of the Wuhan Municipal Health and Health Commission was leaked on social media. The document urgently informed that "pneumonia of unknown origin appeared one after another in the south China Seafood Market in Wuhan. " That afternoon, "recently, some medical institutions have found that more than one pneumonia case has been linked to south China seafood city, 27 cases have been found, of which 7 cases are in serious condition, " the Wuhan Health Commission said in a statement, "No significant human-to-human transmission has been observed, and no medical staff infection has been detected. "

Li Wenliang recalls, he thought at that time not to be detained good, then signed. Afterward, the hospital department director verbally instructs not to publish the related information on the network.

On Jan. 8, Li Wenliang was treated for acute angle closure Glaucoma in an 82-year-old woman. The patient, who did not have fever, did not ask if he had any history of exposure to the south China seafood market. The next day, the patient lost his appetite and began to have a fever. A CT scan of his lungs showed "ground-glass lesions in both lungs" . There was no nucleic acid kit at the time. After ruling out common viral infections, Mycoplasma and Chlamydia infection, doctors can only "highly suspect that she has pneumonia of unknown origin" . On the evening of the 9th, the family member caring for the patient also developed fever, a clear case of human-to-human transmission. Three days later, the patient was transferred to the respiratory medical isolation ward.

Li Soon developed symptoms, starting coughing on January 10 and rising early on January 11 to take his temperature at 38.2 degrees. Realizing that something was wrong, Li immediately moved to a hotel to be quarantined, away from his pregnant wife and child, and checked for a CT scan at the hospital, it shows multiple lung infections, ground-glass Lesions.

Li moved to the ward on the afternoon of the 12th and was transferred to the hospital for quarantine by inhalation on the 14th. He recalled that two other colleagues in the Ophthalmology Department were also infected after him, and they started wearing N95 masks voluntarily.

After two days of isolation treatment, Li Wen Liang developed increased breathing difficulties and was transferred to intensive-care unit on the 24th. He was treated with antibiotics, hormones, antiviral drugs and high flow oxygen, the nucleic acid test done on the 24th has not received the result. On January 28, Li transferred to the intensive-care unit department, and four days later, he was finally tested for nucleic acid. "On the 30th, the [ attending ] doctor told me that the nucleic acid was negative. ". On February 1, Li tested positive for nucleic acids.

Screenshot of Dr Li Wenliang's microblog

Two days after Li was infected, his parents also developed fever and vomiting. A CT scan showed a typical "ground-glass lesion, " he recalled. Around January 15 and 16, the couple were admitted to the hospital, at that time, the hospital beds were already very tight. Fortunately, the two elderly patients had mild symptoms and were expected to be discharged soon. "I'm not too worried. They were very close to home and walked home for about 20 minutes, " Li replied, he was afraid to tell his parents more about his situation, for fear that they would worry.

As a general doctor in Wuhan, the death of Li Wenliang aroused strong feelings of regret. His bravery was widely praised as the new-crown pneumonia epidemic spread and caused irreparable damage to society. Li Wenliang is a person who loves life. His wechat head image is a family of four with a small new style of Crayon. He also has the same style as a new father with a small crayon on Weibo. He is happy to eat chicken legs on his birthday night, and self-mockery "CAN'T AFFORD TO CAR PCT. ".

Photo shows Dr. Li Wenliang on Wechat

Lying in his hospital bed, Li Wenliang is still concerned about the shortage of first-line medical personnel. "Our hospital is also short, " Li replied on January 31. As far as he knows, the front line staff at his hospital often worked eight hour shifts, many of them wearing diapers under protective clothing, and there were probably 50 or 60 infected staff in the hospital at the time.

Duty Editor: Zhuang Menglei

Recommended reading

▼

Tourism Industry "PLAGUE" WAR: Chinese New Year feast bleak, at home and abroad called "bitter"

Primary and secondary schools delayed the start of school, students at home homework non-stop

##3,000 stocks fall by 10% amid fears of financial crisis

##

Go to "discover"-"take a look" browse "friends watching"

Sent

####Send it to take a look

Sending

A scan of wechat
Pay attention to the account


-------------
title: Li Wenliang died 10 hours, the State Supervision Commission decided to go to Wuhan Comprehensive Investigation
source: China Newsweek
authors: _
editors: _
proofreader: _
photographer: _
translator: _
via: https://github.com/2019ncovmemory/nCovMemory
link: https://mp.weixin.qq.com/s/6NNgoiDdb3wUukKF3rAiIg
archive: https://archive.is/NH7l8
snapshot: https://github.com/2019ncovmemory/nCovMemory/blob/master/archive/jpg/863.jpg
lead: He used to say, when you get well, you're on the front line, you don't want to be a deserter
cover: data:image/jpeg;base64,/9j/4AAQSkZJRgABAQAAAQABAAD/2wBDAAYEBQYFBAYGBQYHBwYIChAKCgkJChQODwwQFxQYGBcUFhYaHSUfGhsjHBYWICwgIyYnKSopGR8tMC0oMCUoKSj/2wBDAQcHBwoIChMKChMoGhYaKCgoKCgoKCgoKCgoKCgoKCgoKCgoKCgoKCgoKCgoKCgoKCgoKCgoKCgoKCgoKCgoKCj/wAARCAA3AIMDASIAAhEBAxEB/8QAHAAAAQQDAQAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAMEBQYCBwgB/8QAOBAAAgEDAgMEBwcDBQAAAAAAAQIDAAQRBSEGEjETIkFRBzJhcYGRoRQVUmKxwdEzQvAjcoKSov/EABQBAQAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAD/xAAUEQEAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA/9oADAMBAAIRAxEAPwB6XwcdBTWJ/s10yD+lMeZfY3iKlLnT40eNC0pLnGefp76TfQ4XwXDuQcjMjfzQJdoOhzXqzDO1KHSYVHqsP+R/msTpcQBxHv54oNO8c6gknHnYzSM8UTIm3jg9PdVp444Vm1SW3mZewsbeJUXu4526n5Z/zFHAfDFjxJ6WbdBnlSJ55PEMyOB9T1rc3HumpFHHbKgFupLMTQc1aPp2kWOs3v31pV3fWvZFYRbkrh8bHYjPl7DvvV5J9H/ZKqcNXpZogpItZMo2eu7b7VhqhsRdOIZF69AaSRkIJ7T60C7y8DLAew4WveZk25rdu4wPiebfm9g28arGsw21zqlr9y6VLa2gCFlMLc3OW72SeoG2PjViSSCL+pKAPaaWjvLMyqDOqqf7s9KBPjPhXRdW4Uu51DR6sg54pM9SP7ceRqqehvX7i3neykZyPUEROcsN8jyNXTUIHVWi7QOnUMpyCDWs9EhNnxnJ2KgyGdSm+ADzb/Peg3sb68KEx2chbwy6gfrSdvJdrCFNtgjckyDc+NWyLTu6O718qUGnfloKaz3pziJQP92f2pCRb4jpEvzNXdtOGD3fpSD6aMnu5oKI0F/zHEkP/Q/zRV2+7V8jRQZ3Vzp8Ct2s0YY9SSB+tQNzxfw/ZsVn1ayVs7Dt1JPwBrl/StDudX1e5s5b2FGgBaSV3LggEAkY69aWtrAWsNwomSRxKU7qA5COBkE7jr4UHVOm3h1NzNarE9gyBo5lc5bIB6YqRNuCpBBwarPo2tXXS7WRo05RAiBuY83qjw6CrysQxk0FJ9Eultp3pNkd0VJBHNEgUYyhYNn9Kt/pohE+g3Msd4i8hAaNWANML6wvI9Xsr3Sli7VpViuC/TsScN8dwPdmmvptaKbQpLSVhp78+0MEa/6hB2yfw+7eg0QtlBzlzKWY+bZFP7UcvcjLfOq4+iudTeSCSZ2cnEcYJ3Psqy6Xw/qkN8kfYz278hfMiqvNnbo38UHsqpKzLKe6NzTUnR1cK90qyeA596c3fDupzX09tLHJM3IHBRkBUZx0Hj8KZxcK3kGrW97NFcwmFQAph2OB1P8Am9BP6W9vEq4nSSJ9vX9Wmei6DLL6XdNjiXmjkIuOm3KOualNBsdMs7aRJ5LlXB5ozs4J8iPCrj6Jba0fiF7y7eMTBWgsgxw2MnnUfQ4oNqpa7eFKfZBjJqRWPaveTzoIs2y8vT6UkbUY6VLlMUm8eRQRBtVydqKlOz9gooOSV9HF2vEdzcajrVn9gZcdodTjWWTYbNjw60zg4EFpE8bcQcPIiylkZr9PVypwcZ8jVF0nhu41NLuaGeBLW3YoZpDhSQCdvgM+6m8lg9tp3OWhft+zIHISwyWxgn3fWg634JK29sliSjPAiqXRgVfCgZXxIPUGrYAOQe+qzwfAsOmxRgd+JUjLEb7KBVlJ5Y89cb0DFtQmtuK7HTpbJms57WaZ5T0crgdn+XY5zVa4w0241e5S9uZjMDkBrwc3ZgE/hwPn1rYdnHF94wIltEIpEcSEKBtgYGfnVe1zhS51UvBbyRyRLIY0llkPZwKDkkRjdnJON/afKg11b31vpMo7AwTSDoscZQfJT+9Sej3+pXl3c3MUcMDMOZpJSIwqgbADr5nx8ash4PtoZEghkKwwJiaU4DOfPA/c1nqUVlpWkPDaQBLnUl7KJSO+I/xn2sfpQV25m1GaZLgi2u3i5gJYCsoKnwI6kdPlWdvqhDck9vbQt5hHU/INUBHG8blXDK4w3kd9x+tSUd5MY+R5O1H4ZQH/AFoJSPTbbVCTNMjp4dnGoPz3IqP1LhQHXuFLLSZJoI/vA3ExEmeWNUyQPeRTe1EiSr2MgjbIHOTjGT1J8qnbi2j1TiPSYbLUGDD15YicryHmJHtIyKDb67knGB5VngVjGcrmsqBMjY5FJUoze2k6DDG9Fe+NFBwHDbzXOhatdm6dYUlASFQFDnxJA2GFA2GM/Cnclse00dG257iCLA6HCrv/AOqKKDpfgG8F7pRuQpUzHnOTnfmYftVvzm3cnyoooHMN99m1K2jlXaaTsxv7M0/e+YXJjVjjOdvec7/Giig8kkVraQmPniJDNy90n3+yoXWYUuTfanbYa85AIuYbRAADuj50UUGuNTnS41a5lizyEqoz48qhf1BrCI94/WiigUXqd6mfR3Lz65bqACSJF3H5DRRQbetzmFD7KUoooEj1oxtRRQJUUUUH/9k=
