##Hubei urgently needs 16 provinces, "one province, one city" to support other cities outside Wuhan

Wechat, bingdianweekly

Features, China Youth Daily's in depth reporting brand. We believe that news has more than one day of life.

On February 7, at 1500 hours, the joint prevention and Control Mechanism of the State Council held a press conference to introduce further efforts to prevent and control the epidemic situation in key areas, increase the cure rate of admission and treatment, and reduce the case-fatality rate of infection. Now 16 provinces have established a one-to-one support relationship in support of cities outside Wuhan, and fully support Hubei Province in strengthening the rescue and treatment of patients in the way of one province covering one city.

Screenshot from the Government of the People's Republic of China website in Guangshui, Hubei Province

Zhongqingbao Zhongqingwang reporter, Jiangshan, Cheng Mengchao, Ma Yuping, Yin Haiyue

"SOS! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! .

The announcement said that local medical resources are extremely scarce, and there are only two second-class hospitals in the city. In addition, there are only township hospitals. Under the epidemic of new pneumonia, medical and nursing staff are quite tired day and night. "It is difficult to cope with the vicious epidemic situation, " We need medical teams, supplies, etc. .

The bulletin lists the daily demand for 23 kinds of medical protective materials, medicines, etc. . As of 2400 hours on 6 February, 279 cases had been confirmed and 2 deaths had been reported in Guangshui.

On the list of material requirements issued by the Second People's Hospital in Guangshui, the stocks of medical protective masks, goggles, atomizers and other materials, as well as Lopinavir, Gamma Globulin and other drugs are "0" . Outside sources have contacted the local authorities to donate supplies after China Youth Daily reported on the issue earlier.

The relevant person in charge of the materials group of the Guangshui epidemic prevention and Control Headquarters told reporters that, almost everything is in short supply". The list of urgently needed items he provided to the China Youth Daily included 10,000 sets of protective clothing, 10,000 N95 masks, 120,000 surgical masks, 2,500 boxes of ABIDAL, and 5,500 boxes of Lopinavir, all of which were needed on a daily basis for 10 days.

"We are still short of 50 medical experts, " the official added after listing the shortage of supplies. "The medical staff are all overworked at the moment. " As of the evening of February 6, there was no outside medical team in Guangshui.

Many places in Hubei are asking for help from outside. The China Youth Daily asked the epidemic prevention and Control Headquarters and hospitals in Ezhou, Tianmen and Xiaogan, and received feedback that beds were scarce and supplies were in short supply.

Tianmen First People's Hospital Materials Department staff told reporters that the township hospitals, designated hospitals to receive new pneumonia patients are receiving supplies from the hospital, "a large amount of daily distribution according to plan, but also adjusted. ".

A staff member of the material support group of the Xiaogan Epidemic Prevention and control headquarters told the reporter that the distribution of protective materials is proportional to the daily number of new cases in each region.

Ling Jun, a staff member at the Hanchuan People's Hospital who is in charge of collecting donations, said that since the beginning of the Lunar New Year, more than 1,000 people in the hospital have participated in the rescue and treatment. "Now it's overloaded. ".

The same problem exists at the Anlu People's Hospital in Xiaogan city. Anlu City People's Hospital, a staff member, the current lack of protective clothing, N95 masks, protective masks, but also the lack of professional medical staff. Hospital into the first-line treatment of more than 400 medical staff, "the lack of people, the lack of people, the lack of people! "

Ezhou Central Hospital in charge of receiving donations staff told reporters that the current hospital beds in short supply, "rehabilitation and discharge of the relatively small number of people are still in the queue. ". Most urgently needed are N95 masks, protective clothing, and surgical masks for medical use. The daily consumption of these items is very large, the hospital's first-line medical staff about 1400 people, the average consumption of protective clothing more than 3000 pieces, more than 6000 medical surgical masks.

Ezhou, another designated hospital Hubei Steel Hospital Equipment Department head told reporters that their emergency gap mask, medical protective clothing, "are unified government regulation, their contact manufacturers basic supply" .

On the evening of February 4, the Ezhou Epidemic Prevention and Control Command issued an initiative calling on retired, retired and individual medical workers to participate in the epidemic prevention and control work. "The epidemic is developing rapidly, and we are seriously understaffed, especially on the clinical front-line, with experience in infectious diseases. If you are under the age of 60(depending on your health, you may be relaxed) and in good health, you are cordially invited to return to your familiar position and join us!"

As of 1400 hours on February 6, more than 90 people had called to apply after the proposal was announced, with the oldest being a 69-year-old retired radiologist, according to the medical and political department of the Ezhou Health Commission. Among those who signed up, there were many people returning from other places to visit relatives, and many people from other provinces called to ask if they could join.

Ezhou Health Commission medical staff told reporters that the focus is selected by breathing medicine, emergency and intensive care professionals, other applicants as a backup force. Several doctors and nurses who have signed up have been placed to work.

According to local media reports, Ezhou's "Little Tangshan Hospital" -- as if Leishan hospital will be opened with 772 new beds. Ezhou through the acquisition of hotels, hospitals, factories and other places, the first batch of built and under-construction fever personnel concentrated observation isolation point 32, the number of 731 beds.

A Ezhou resident told reporters that he called the medical team of the Ezhou Epidemic Prevention and Control Command and learned that the Leishan Hospital had opened Phase I and was coordinating the entry of external medical teams.

On February 6, the Peking University Health Science Center said a 20-MEMBER team from Peking University International Hospital had left for Ezhou in the evening.

(this article was independently produced by the China Youth Daily, first posted on the China Youth Daily Client and headline number, and added to the tree project.)

Go to "discover"-"take a look" browse "friends watching"

Sent

####Send it to take a look

Sending

A scan of wechat
Pay attention to the account


-------------
title: Hubei urgently needs 16 provinces, "one province, one city" to support other cities outside Wuhan
source: FREEZING POINT
authors: _
editors: _
proofreader: _
photographer: _
translator: _
via: https://github.com/2019ncovmemory/nCovMemory
link: https://mp.weixin.qq.com/s/zZ-WsZKneDxGlDgW63je5Q
archive: http://archive.ph/dGlkr
snapshot: https://github.com/2019ncovmemory/nCovMemory/blob/master/archive/jpg/389.jpg
lead: Guangshui has issued an urgent appeal for help. The epidemic prevention and Control Headquarters and hospitals in Ezhou, Tianmen, Xiaogan and other cities also reported that beds were tight and supplies were short.
cover: data:image/jpeg;base64,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
