##Wang Liming, a professor at Zhejiang University: How to deal with the epidemic

I-CAIJING

CAIJING magazine official Wechat. "CAIJING" magazine, sponsored by the China Securities Market Research Center, was first published in 1998, adhering to the news concept of "independence, exclusiveness and originality" , and is known for authoritative, impartial and professional reporting, it is a must-read publication for policy-makers, researchers and managers in the field of politics and economics.

We should attach great importance to scientific education and the cultivation of scientific thinking. Faced with the unknown problems of a complex world, and faced with a new problem like neocap, we have to learn to think scientifically first, about what it is, and then how to deal with and predict it in accordance with scientific laws

New Coronavirus model. Image Credit: U.S. CDC

By Ma Guochuan, CAIJING correspondent

Editor | Susie

In this new outbreak, Wang Liming, a professor at the Life Sciences Research Institute of Zhejiang University, has won wide support for his series of in depth scientific popularization of the epidemic and his outspoken criticism of certain behaviors and remarks in the prevention and treatment of the epidemic, it is called "a special respectable intellectual" by the intellectual circles.

"special intellectual" is a concept put forward by the French thinker Michel Foucault, which means a person who is able to penetrate the secret between knowledge and power in a certain professional field. Such a person is an expert, but also an intellectual, but not by common sense or universal justice and conscience, but by special knowledge of oneself.

In a phone interview with a Caijing reporter, the post-80s scholar talked about why conspiracy theories are popular, how scientists behave in epidemics, how to deal with rumors and other topics, covering a wide range of knowledge. He is also an active science writer whose book, the Biology of eating, won the National Library of China Wenjin Book Award.

(Wang Liming)

In Wang Liming's view, "In the fight against the epidemic, it is of course a great thing to concentrate resources and strength in an efficient way to overcome the difficulties. It is also a real demonstration of great capability. But whether it really respects the scientific law in the early stage of the fight against the epidemic, when it needs to be positioned and the nature of the epidemic is clear, in the course of the war epidemic, in the second half of the war epidemic, when it needs to be re-defined and adjusted, is worth improving."

"We now need to analyse the characteristics of NCP, its similarities and differences with other epidemics, and then use scientific analysis and scientific evidence to predict its future course, " Wang Liming said, "And then dynamically adjust future prevention and control measures. "

In Wang Liming's view, "Chinese society is too short of scientific thinking and the ability to use science to make judgments. ". He calls for more science education. "If this problem is not solved, we will have more problems in the future, " he says

Why would anyone believe a conspiracy theory?

CAIJING: Is there consensus in the scientific community about the source of this outbreak? Despite a statement in the Lancet condemning the "conspiracy theory" of man-made viruses, why would anyone lean towards a "conspiracy theory" ?

Wang Liming: First of all, based on the results of the present study, it is almost certain that the original source of the COVID-19 is a type of bat found in Yunnan, China. Scientists have found coronaviruses in the bats that are highly similar (96 percent) to the genetic sequences of Human Covid-19; and, taking historical experience into account, the natural hosts of two other coronaviruses (SARS and MERS coronaviruses) that have invaded the human world are also bats. But we can also judge, because of the genetic sequence differences between the two and host characteristics, bats in the virus will not directly infect the human body. So how the virus in bats evolved and spread, what its intermediate host was, when and where it entered the human world, and how this outbreak was triggered, has not yet been determined.

As for conspiracy theories, I do hear an explanation that the public's distrust of certain government agencies and experts makes it easy to fall into the "Tacitus trap" when discussing the source of the outbreak. But I don't quite agree with this analysis. From a scientific point of view, conspiracy theories have a more general explanation.

CAIJING: HOW TO UNDERSTAND IT?

Wang Liming: There is a natural tendency in the mind to find an explanation for things. This is probably the result of natural selection, and our ancestors had to look for definite cause and effect in the ever changing natural world, in order to arrange their lives according to these certainties, and produce stable expectations, it's an evolutionary survival instinct.

The problem is that, as we move into the modern world, where the explosion of information and science and technology are the main drivers of world development, we will find that a lot of the things we encounter are either not easy to find cause and effect, or find a causal relationship that most people can not understand the hard science explanation.

CAIJING: It's true that science is sometimes counterintuitive, like quantum mechanics.

Wang Liming: yeah, it's the same thing with new infections like NCP. Without an explanation for a short time, or an understanding of what science offers, many people gravitate toward explanations that offer some sort of psychological solace, and conspiracy theories spring to mind.

In this case, for example, we're dealing with a whole new disease and a whole new pathogen, and we don't know where it came from, how it spread, or how it's going to disappear. Because it is still in the early stages of research, science can not give a full and complete explanation, only to give uncertain answers, and even some questions may never be clear. At this point, people based on the search for cause and effect and certainty of the instinct, it will be easy to fall into a need for common sense only to understand the interpretation of the way. The virus, for example, is man made, whether it's Chinese or American -- An explanation that is scientifically inconsequential, but one that addresses the need to find definitive explanations for a complex unknown event, so it's going to be very popular.

CAIJING: That's a simplification. To the public, that's an understandable thing.

Wang Liming: the "synthetic virus" conspiracy theory gave rise to a certain expectation: First, that I would "know" how the virus came to be, and second, that I would "know" who to blame, third, I "know" how things should be handled. Because an unknown natural phenomenon boils down to man-made phenomena, it can be dealt with by familiar means such as politics or law.

As a scientist, I think the prevalence of conspiracy theories may become a norm in the human world. The modern world has become more and more complex, science and technology has become more and more high threshold and abnormal knowledge, is no longer enough for ordinary people in the complex modern world life to provide a certain fulcrum.

CAIJING: Your analysis of "conspiracy theories" from a scientist's point of view is particularly illuminating. Finding cause and effect is not just a hobby for ordinary people, but also for many social scientists who have drawn up so-called laws of social development in a chaotic history.

Wang Liming: As a typically complex system, we live in a world of inexplicable randomness and uncertainty, and that's the real world we have to deal with. But our brains are more accustomed to accepting a deterministic world, and even more so to accepting apparently wrong explanations.

For this reason, conspiracy theories are hard to eradicate. But we can still reduce the power and impact of conspiracy theories through better science education, timely events, and more transparent communication.

CAIJING: Does this also have a lot to do with human self-confidence? People think that everything can be controlled and explained. But after entering the post-modern society, we find that the world is actually full of things that have no solution for a while.

Wang Liming: I agree. Since the age of enlightenment, humans have always felt that everything can be explained within the framework of what we already know. This is a triumph of human intelligence, of course, but it is also, in a way, a kind of human arrogance.

So when I wrote Conspiracy Theory Popular Science on Weibo, I quoted big Liu as saying, "weakness and ignorance are not obstacles to survival, arrogance is. ". This statement may be particularly important in the post-modern world, where we must recognize that our means of interpreting the world are in fact very limited. We need to use science to gradually overcome these limitations, but first, we have to acknowledge the existence of limitations.

CAIJING: Some people say that some Chinese people seem to be more interested in "conspiracy theories. " Does this have something to do with our people's lack of literacy?

Wang Liming: "conspiracy theory" is a typical global problem. The source lies not in the institutions but in the bewilderment of ordinary people in the face of a complex world. When I studied and worked in the United States, I also found that ordinary Americans also like conspiracy theories, such as "Jewish interest groups in the United States, " and so on. The reason is the same -- as if the average person could not cope with the complexity and uncertainty of modern society. It has nothing to do with the nationality.

Some mistakes are understandable, but unacceptable

CAIJING: In the early days of the outbreak, experts and officials judged the outbreak "preventable and controllable" , "No human-to-human transmission" and other obvious mistakes, which is in a reasonable range?

Wang Liming: My personal view is that this kind of mistake is understandable but unacceptable.

Why is that understandable? Simply put, a scientific conclusion requires rigor, evidence, and time. Taking "no human-to-human transmission" as an example, in fact, according to the data we have seen so far, as early as the end of December 19 to the beginning of January 20, the Wuhan area already had a familial cluster infection, as well as a number of concentrated infections among health care workers, these are certainly very alarming signs of human-to-human transmission. But we also have to admit that scientific research and scientific conclusions need to be very rigorous, and that solid epidemiological investigations are still needed for these cases, it's going to take time to figure out if there really is a human to human transmission between them, or if they all just happen to get sick from another source.

Then why can't you accept it? In order to be as accurate as possible, we can certainly continue to do research in science and collect more data. But before that, when it is almost certain, though not completely certain, that "human-to-human transmission" has been confirmed, we should of course take early measures, such as restricting and cancelling large public events, requiring health care workers to take precautions, calling on citizens to wear face masks and reduce travel, and so on. Rigorous Scientific Research and active public administration are not the same thing, nor are they contradictory. The period from the end of December 2019 to the beginning of January 2020 was marked by significant human-to-human transmission without any positive measures being taken in public administration, which of course was not done properly by the relevant authorities. Of course, this discussion is based largely on my analysis of the data from the press release and the paper, and my personal knowledge is limited and I may not have all the information.

"CAIJING" : Scientific Definition and public health prevention standards are actually not the same, and can not excuse each other.

Wang Liming: Yes. I think there is a broader issue here, which is how public administration and Expert Opinion Interact and coordinate.

Government agencies in charge of public administration, which have no experience in infectious disease research, certainly rely on expert advice as a basis for decision-making. But what we saw in the early days of this epidemic was that experts, in offering their professional judgment, either out of scientific rigor or out of habitual over-conservatism, such judgments as "no clear evidence of human-to-human transmission" were given. As we said, from a purely scientific point of view, this may be true. But if you put that judgment directly into the context of public administration, it's likely to be interpreted by officials to mean that since there's no evidence yet, it's not going to be passed from person to person, so there's no need for immediate action.

To give a concrete example, we can clearly see from the paper published by the Chinese Center for Disease Control and Prevention on January 29,2020, that between the end of December 2019 and the beginning of January 2020, researchers should be able to determine from family clusters of cases, infection among multiple health care workers, the probability of new coronary pneumonia can be transmitted from person to person. In fact, even earlier, when scientists isolated COVID-19, they should have been able to extrapolate from historical experience that it probably could be transmitted from person to person, because of all the human coronaviruses discovered so far, including SARS and the Mers virus, can be transmitted from person to person. But the reality is that it wasn't until January 20th that academician Zhong Nanshan spoke to the public.

It seems to me that it is the mismatch between expert opinion and public management decision-making that has led to serious delays in the early stages of the epidemic. What went wrong in the middle of this is worth digging into. Perhaps even more critical is how we will coordinate the interaction between public administration and expert opinion in the future to avoid similar problems.

CAIJING: from the perspective of system design, is there any defect in China CDC?

Wang Liming: from what we've seen so far, we definitely have a problem, at least in terms of the establishment of surveillance systems for infectious diseases. Take, for example, the CDC'S DIRECT-REPORTING SYSTEM FOR INFECTIOUS DISEASES, established in 2004. It has been in place for more than a decade and continues to function (and worked well on the northern plague just a short while ago) , but it failed completely in this new crown outbreak. It was explained that the direct reporting system would not be able to deal with Emerging Infectious Diseases, and that new outbreaks would require staff training, among other things. That argument doesn't hold water. Because the disease reporting system was designed to prevent us from repeating the mistakes of SARS and to provide early warning of unknown infectious diseases. The value of the system would surely be diminished if it failed as soon as a new infection was introduced.

There may be a deeper issue to be addressed, which is the positioning and empowerment of the National Disease Control System. For reasons of historical evolution and institutional design, the Chinese Center for Disease Control and Prevention, although nominally the highest agency in China for the prevention and control of infectious diseases, is responsible for the research, monitoring and control of infectious diseases and provides professional guidance and policy recommendations, in fact, the CDC is an administrative institution based on basic research. That said, the CDC's administrative powers and resources are grossly mismatched to its mission, or at least to what is expected of it.

It is necessary to improve the prevention and control of infectious diseases, which is vital to public health and public safety, to be entrusted to a research-based institution with little power and resources. One idea might be to further strengthen the role and authority of the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention to better respond to future outbreaks of infectious diseases that might become the new normal of the human world. For example, could the Chinese Center for Disease Control and Prevention become a department under the State Council, responsible for the prevention and control of infectious diseases? Is it possible to implement vertical management of local disease control? Can we divest some basic research departments that have little to do with the prevention and control of infectious diseases? These are all questions worth discussing.

This is not to say, of course, that because of the current system design of the disease control system, everyone can not assume responsibility. I don't think that's appropriate either. After all, it is the CDC's job to set the system straight, as if it were working.

"CAIJING" : Even if the system design is not perfect, it is not the reason for exemption.

Wang Liming: Yes. Tens of thousands of people have fallen ill and thousands have died, possibly with trillions of Yuan in economic losses. But we haven't seen any of the responsible parties come out and say it's my responsibility, or at least it's my responsibility, and apologize to the people. It's like there's no one to blame. During the war, we need to boost morale, we need to be "positive" , we can't just see the negative, and that's all true. But we must not forget about accountability and institutional improvement.

Specifically, I think it's partly a sign that infectious disease management systems need to be improved -- a truly broken system that everyone is perfectly immune to, of course. It also means that a lot of people in the system have a problem with their perception of their responsibilities. Local officials in Hubei and Wuhan, as well as many officials in the health and disease control departments, have they forgotten that regardless of the details of the system and the duties and responsibilities of their posts, that your job is to protect the health and safety of the local people first?

To clarify the responsibilities of different experts

CAIJING: Do you agree with those who say that Chinese scientists are not doing as well as they should in dealing with this epidemic?

Wang Liming: I'm not sure I agree with this emotional generalisation. If we're going to talk about responsibility, I think we can divide scientists into two groups, different scientists have different responsibilities.

The first category is those who are experts in purely research work. In this case, they found the pathogen in a very short period of time, sequenced the virus's genome, developed nucleic acid test kits, and are actively working on new drugs and vaccines. I have a lot of respect for them as peers, and I think they have done a very good job in this epidemic.

Of course, I think there is room for improvement in the work of scientists, especially in the area of data and data sharing. We know that it's common practice for scientists to publish papers about their research, but in the case of an epidemic, scientists publish their work as quickly as possible through an open platform like bioRxiv, before submitting it to a traditional academic journal, peer Review, perhaps more appropriately, can greatly speed up the exchange and sharing of academic results. Still, studies related to the epidemic will certainly require a large number of biological samples from patients (tissue samples, viral genome sequences, patient-specific information, etc.) , and the sharing of this information and material should also improve things, they should not be the "private property" of institutions or scientists. At the end of the day, scientific research is for the sake of the epidemic, for the sake of humanity as a whole, not for the sake of a scientist's personal achievements and interests.

"CAIJING" : There is a public opinion that some experts in order to issue papers and delay business.

Wang Liming: There have been a lot of people lately pointing the finger at scientists, saying that a lot of scientists have been delaying the fight against the epidemic in order to publish papers. I don't think that's fair. It is the vocation of professionals to study and explore problems, and publishing papers is one of their work routines. They have no obligation to inform the public, and no responsibility to guide the disease's prevention and control, so don't blame the scientists for purely research problems.

Take Shi Zhengli, a researcher at the Wuhan Virus Institute of the Chinese Academy of Sciences, whose job it is to do basic research on the virus. In this case, her lab identified COVID-19, the specific mechanism of virus invasion into human cells was also analyzed. These studies are fast and excellent, and are being shared in the first place on an open platform like bioRxiv. Because of the work of such a group of Chinese scientists, we were able to quickly UNDERSTAND THE IN & Out of the disease.

CAIJING: How should these scientists face and respond when their comments are questioned by the public?

Wang Liming: Well, you can't be too hard on them. They are not trained in public communication and do not have extensive experience in dealing with the media. Facing the public directly is not their specialty, nor is it their duty, and even I think they need to be protected from interruptions.

CAIJING: So, who are the second kind of experts?

Wang Liming: these are scientists who are in leadership positions, who are in institutions, who are in government advisory roles, who are also in need of direct public access to answer questions and provide guidance. Their roles and responsibilities clearly differ from those of the first group of scientists who specialize in research.

I think it's fair to say that many of these experts are clearly not doing their job.

On the one hand, the delay in the early stages of the epidemic itself was a systemic failure. We have said that the direct reporting system of the CDC simply lost its function, which of course is the problem of related system construction. Are these experts in charge of system construction not doing their job well? I very much look forward to the following we can effectively reflect on and improve the system.

On the other hand, many experts do not perform their duties well when they are directly in front of the public to answer questions and provide guidance. In public opinion, statements such as "there is no conclusive evidence of the risk of human-to-human transmission" and "children are not susceptible to COVID-19" are highly misleading. In addition, some experts in the public media without clear evidence that they have made a major breakthrough in the discovery of certain drugs for the new pneumonia, which will also lead to false public expectations.

These experts, who are responsible for exporting information and guiding public behavior, are in fact highly demanding. I think, on the one hand, these experts need to be careful in what they say, but on the other hand, we also need strict selection criteria and can not blindly worship officials or academicians. I think we can call on the experts who really know what's going on in the field. In this case, for example, Dr. Zhang Wenhong of the Fudan University Hospital in Shanghai was much more effective than many of the more senior experts and leaders.

"CAIJING" : the choice is particularly important, some people's credibility has been questioned, and even lost credibility. For example, an academician of the central China Agricultural University made an own mistake at a press conference.

Wang Liming: actually the more important question is: Why does this academician have to be singled out to the public? He's not a scientist in the COVID-19! If simply because he is an academician, he is a leader, in order to increase authority, specially called him to speak out, this mentality is wrong. In hindsight, it was clear that he did not have the expertise or experience to communicate directly with the public.

After the occurrence of public health events, it is very important to guide the correct cognition and behavior of the public. It may be as valuable as the cure itself. And it has to be done by the relevant experts, no one else can take the place of a scientist.

CAIJING: What are the criteria for selecting such experts?

Wang Liming: first, should be familiar with the relevant issues of the front line workers; Second, should have more experience in dealing with public opinion. It is necessary to speak accurately, to be acceptable to the public, and to be able to adjust the public mood to a more reasonable range. Third, the sources of experts should be diversified, representing different professions, different jobs, different ages and different geographical areas, even on behalf of different values and so on, diversity can ensure that information more comprehensive and balanced.

It is certainly a good thing that in this case we are all quite convinced by what academician Zhong Nanshan has said. But for an expert as knowledgeable as Zhong Nanshan, the odds are against him. Rather than pinning their hopes on finding such an expert, it would be better to provide a group of experts from different professional backgrounds to ensure that the public hears relatively balanced and comprehensive information. As I mentioned earlier, Dr. Zhang Wenhong has performed very well in this outbreak.

When it comes to Emerging Infectious Diseases, science must be respected

CAIJING: After the public health crisis, how to deal with the relationship between Public Management and scientific laws?

Wang Liming: I'm a scientist, not a public health administration professional. From my point of view, when dealing with a public health crisis, such as the Emerging Infectious Diseases, it is important to follow the laws of science and not just the logic of public administration itself.

From the point of view of pure public management, it is indeed important to maintain social stability and guarantee the basic social order, but the sudden epidemic diseases have their own laws of development and are not controlled by people's subjective will. Public power can regulate people's behavior, but it can not control the virus.

CAIJING: One reason for the spread of the epidemic may have been a lack of respect for science.

Wang Liming: to manage public health crisis, we must first respect science, respect experts, can not replace the professional guidance of experts.

CAIJING: After the occurrence of Public Health Events, information is complicated. How to distinguish true from false, how to deal with "rumors" ? What can be done to prevent people from overreacting?

Wang Liming: In the digital age, information clutter is an inevitable phenomenon, and it's all about how you deal with it. From a communications point of view, it is too late to deal with misinformation when it appears. If there is a conflict, it will increase people's attention to the false information.

The best way to deal with it is to let the truth run faster than the rumor mill. Instead of fighting rumors, it's about building a better platform for people on the front lines who have the expertise and skills to deliver information. With so many voices of reason, people naturally tune out information that sounds like a rumor.

CAIJING: Some sociologists suggest that in a public health emergency, a large team of experts should be organized to communicate with the public for Twenty-four 24 hours, like a weather forecast.

Wang Liming: that's the thing about the information field, the more rational the information, the less room there is for rumor. Including media coverage, we must use scientific laws to check.

CAIJING: How do you evaluate the role of the media in this public health event?

Wang Liming: some of the traditional media have done a good job in this epidemic, and they have been able to dig up a lot of first hand information in this severe situation, so that we can better understand the different aspects of the epidemic. It may be a rare moment of concentration for serious media in recent years.

If inadequate, the first is the number of serious media is too small, the spread of the Voice of the people is still a bit small. Second, the media still need to improve the professionalism, reporting professional issues should be investigated and verified, at least to consult third parties, this should be the media code of conduct.

CAIJING: How can the media be objective and rational in scientific matters?

Wang Liming: for example, some media outlets have recently published so-called "major developments" in the form of headline parties, drugs such as Shuanghuanglian (Shuanghuanglian) , creutzfeldt-jakob (Lopinavir) and Arbidol were touted as specific before they were fully validated and supported by data, and much vaccine development work was still in the very early stages, not even animal testing has been done, has been blown into the "vaccine is coming" , and so on. The news has fuelled unrealistic public expectations that a victory over the new pneumonia is just around the corner.

The basic quality of a professional media requires fact-checking and third-party opinions when reporting news he does not understand. But in this outbreak of reported on drugs and vaccines, most of the only quote from an expert, often declared "breakthrough. ". It's very unprofessional. This is partly a question of the professional integrity of the experts themselves and partly a question of the media. The way I see it, no matter what the media, it's important to understand one thing: when discussing a natural phenomenon like an epidemic, it's important to use science.

"CAIJING" : Because of the problem of drug use, this epidemic once again triggered a debate between Chinese and Western medicine. As a science writer, what do you think of the debate?

Wang Liming: I have always disagreed with the distinction between Chinese and Western medicine, preferring to discuss the difference between empirical medicine and evidence based medicine (or evidence based medicine) . All medicine, Chinese and Western, began as empirical medicine, in which doctors treated patients according to their own experiences and feelings. But modern medicine today is all about evidence based logic, relying on data rather than experience, especially so called large sample Randomized controlled trial, to determine whether any treatment is safe or effective.

Chinese traditional medicine is part of Empirical Medicine, and I'm sure there are many treasures to be found in it, as is the case in Artemisinin. But to mine the treasure, TCM must also be brought into the evidence-based medicine system in order to be truly viable. These strategies can be discussed as to whether rigorous clinical trials should be conducted or whether there are other ways to measure data in real world applications. But this general direction is essential. In fact, some Chinese medicines are already under active digital and evidential scrutiny.

"CAIJING" : Some Chinese medicine refused to be included in the evidence-based medicine system, rejected the data and evidence.

Wang Liming: evidence is the rule in modern society. If there is no way to describe it with data and evidence, isn't that metaphysics? I feel that any medicine that rejects data and evidence is outdated and, in both China and the West, lifeless.

I believe that our ancestors have been sifting through their own experiences for thousands of years, and there are certainly many things that are really worth mining, but only if they accept to be looked at in a digital way. If the initiative to give up the data, or even think that the data is an insult to it, then there is a real danger of being eliminated.

Concentrating on important matters is a rare institutional advantage

CAIJING: Now that the general mobilization approach is being used to deal with the epidemic, is there a better response?

Wang Liming: finding out what the problem is and then mobilizing the national forces to solve it efficiently, "concentrating on doing big things" is certainly a huge institutional advantage.

However, how to make good use of this advantage, is particularly worth thinking about the problem.

First, make sure you know what the problem is when it first arises? This is a matter that requires strict adherence to scientific principles. From the perspective of this outbreak, the initial search for a Florida was a wasted effort to identify the nature and risk of the disease. Early Warning, prevention, management and control measures are worthy of reflection. It is a rare institutional advantage that we can concentrate our efforts on doing great things, but we must not put off solving a problem until it becomes a great thing.

Second, once we set the direction and begin to mobilize our forces to solve the problem, we still need to continue our scientific analysis and adjust our goals dynamically to ensure that we are dealing with a real and solvable problem. For example, how far do we need to go before we can let go of this outbreak? Given that COVID-19 is so contagious, so insidious, so widespread, and so mild in most patients, can we really eliminate it as thoroughly as we did SARS? Or do we have to accept that it will live with us for as long as the seasonal flu? The analysis and prediction of these scientific problems will greatly affect our control objectives and corresponding control measures.

CAIJING: from the perspective of the Public Health Crisis in 2003, the measures to finally eliminate the SARS epidemic have proved to be successful.

Wang Liming: of course, it was a huge and rare victory. But does the experience of dealing with the SARS epidemic hold true for dealing with the new pneumonia epidemic today? It's still a time to mobilize the forces of science, to get the epidemiologist and clinicians to do the research, to analyze the predictions, and to tell us. Can we do it this time? How do you do that? If not, how should the conversion of prevention and control objectives? That's where the science comes in.

For example, compared to SARS, NCP has several different characteristics: a larger number of patients, a greater anonymity for disease transmission, especially during the incubation period also transmissible, and a significant proportion of asymptomatic infections. These characteristics of course will increase the difficulty of prevention and control. In view of these objective facts, how we adjust the means of prevention and control and the goal of prevention and control all need serious scientific analysis.

CAIJING: What can be improved in terms of specific measures to combat the epidemic?

Wang Liming: We are now in a critical phase of the fight against the epidemic, and the design of the treatment itself is certainly a very important part of that. However, we also see that the new scheme proposed by the Health Commission, what drugs into the diagnosis and treatment guidelines, it seems that many times do not follow the scientific rules. A number of drugs, such as cleats and Arbidol, have been proposed for front line health care workers without clear clinical evidence, in essence contradicting the evidence based logic of modern medicine.

In addition, we are seeing a large number of clinical trials (more than 200 by some estimates) under way in response to new Crown Infections, as well as a large number of agencies that claim to be developing vaccines. All of this in itself is good and necessary. But we can still ask the scientific question: How do so many clinical trials, all of which require a certain number of subjects, coordinate, and prevent each other from competing for patients? This is already happening, for example, with some drugs under development (Radcivir, for example) that are widely expected and publicly supported by the WHO, finding subjects is difficult and clinical trials are not going as well as expected.

The same is true for vaccines, and how to ensure that when they enter human trials, they do not "crowd out" each other and that the most promising vaccines are tested quickly and in a timely manner, it's also a problem that we need to solve scientifically. And the vaccine would require far more subjects than the drug.

Again, the drug and vaccine development process may still be able to do great things by concentrating resources, but it's a science in and of itself how to use those resources effectively.

In addition, the role of public management in the fight against the epidemic is very important, but the design of public management objectives still need to follow scientific laws. In early February, for example, Wuhan asked for all patients to be screened within a few days, effectively calculating the number of grassroots workers and the size of the population in Wuhan, a goal that could not have been achieved in such a short time. Still have, imitate small Tang Shan model, build fire God Hill Hospital, Thunder God Hill Hospital, this is of course national ability is outstanding reflect, but afraid also did not consult the opinion of the expert of the first line. There were already a number of epidemiological-based mathematical models estimating that there were at least tens of thousands of patients in Wuhan, and the design of the beds in the two new hospitals was far from adequate. Looking at it now, there are more than 10,000 seriously ill people in Wuhan alone.

Let me stress again that it is a good thing to concentrate resources and strength in the fight against the epidemic. But we must respect the laws of science when we first define the problems, when we adjust and define the final goals in the course of the war.

The likely course of the NCP epidemic

CAIJING: From your research, how might the epidemic develop in the future? What are your suggestions for the next step in the fight against the epidemic?

Wang Liming: I'm not an epidemiologist, and I'm not in a position to make specific predictions and analyses here. But only from a logical point of view, the epidemic there are three possible trends: first, "SARS model" , rapid management and control, completely eliminate; Third, "seasonal influenza" model, the scale can be controlled, but long-term coexistence with human beings.

I think at this stage of the epidemic, what we particularly need are epidemiologists to help analyze the characteristics of NCP, the similarities and differences between NCP and other pandemics, and to determine its future direction, and adjust future prevention and control measures.

CAIJING: What if the spread of COVID-19 becomes a long term phenomenon?

Wang Liming: if that's the case, then of course our strategy will need to shift, switch management thinking at some point, and learn more from the experience of influenza control.

For example, to ensure that the rhythm of public life and work in the premise of the cancellation of some large public events, to arouse public awareness of personal health, such as frequent hand washing, sneezing cover nose and mouth; We need to reserve medical resources in major cities in preparation for possible localized outbreaks; we need to invest resources in building more infectious disease departments and hospitals; we need to devote all our efforts to vaccine development and production, and so on. Similarly, these prevention and control measures also need to follow scientific laws.

Faced with natural phenomena like infectious diseases, the only thing we can do is to respect the law of nature, in respect of the law of nature to better deal with it.

CAIJING: As a scientist and popular science writer, what is your biggest impression of this epidemic?

Wang Liming: What strikes me most is that we seem to lack the ability to think scientifically about the world and solve difficult problems. We're more used to emotional, moral, and even conspiracy theories than to science.

Most of the world's real problems, in addition to emotions, morality, and intrigue, are governed by scientific laws, which are particularly evident in epidemics.

CAIJING: This public health crisis has caused widespread intellectual reflection. What are your primary concerns?

Wang Liming: We must attach great importance to science education and scientific thinking. Faced with the unknown problems of a complex world, and faced with a new problem such as new coronary pneumonia, we must first learn to think scientifically about what it is, how much we know, and how much we don't know, how to figure out the unknown in the future, and how to deal with and predict it according to the laws of science. We need to internalize the scientific mind as an instinctive part of conventional thinking.

Of course it's hard. Scientific thinking is essentially an anti-intuitive, anti-human thing that requires long-term training in order to become proficient. This requires a long and careful training from an early age. That's how we can do it, but if science education and science thinking don't work out, we're going to have a lot more trouble. The symbol of modern society, in fact, there are more and more problems, we have been unable to use instinct to solve.

Read more about the outbreak in pictures

Editor in chief | Duanhuang@caijing. COM.CN
This is an original article from CAIJING magazine, which can not be reproduced or mirrored without authorization. For reprinting, please leave a message at the end of the article to request and obtain authorization.

Editor in chief | Duanhuang@caijing. COM.CN

This is an original article from CAIJING magazine, which can not be reproduced or mirrored without authorization. For reprinting, please leave a message at the end of the article to request and obtain authorization.

Go to "discover"-"take a look" browse "friends watching"

Sent

####Send it to take a look

Sending

A scan of wechat
Pay attention to the account


-------------
title: Wang Liming, a professor at Zhejiang University: How to deal with the epidemic
source: cai-jing-za-zhi-/-cai-jing-shi-yi-ren
authors: _
editors: _
proofreader: _
photographer: _
translator: _
via: https://github.com/2019ncovmemory/nCovMemory
link: https://mp.weixin.qq.com/s/rW7PgFHaI77hG_n-k5a03g
archive: http://archive.today/qWTCq
snapshot: https://github.com/2019ncovmemory/nCovMemory/blob/master/archive/jpg/2478.jpg
lead: We should attach great importance to scientific education and the cultivation of scientific thinking. Faced with the unknown problems of a complex world, and faced with a new problem like neocap, we have to learn to think scientifically first, about what it is, and then how to deal with and predict it in accordance with scientific laws
cover: data:image/jpeg;base64,/9j/4AAQSkZJRgABAQAAAQABAAD/2wBDAAYEBQYFBAYGBQYHBwYIChAKCgkJChQODwwQFxQYGBcUFhYaHSUfGhsjHBYWICwgIyYnKSopGR8tMC0oMCUoKSj/2wBDAQcHBwoIChMKChMoGhYaKCgoKCgoKCgoKCgoKCgoKCgoKCgoKCgoKCgoKCgoKCgoKCgoKCgoKCgoKCgoKCgoKCj/wAARCAHgAeADASIAAhEBAxEB/8QAHAAAAAcBAQAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAECBAUGBwMI/8QAPBAAAQMDAwMDAwMDAgYDAAIDAQIDBAAFEQYSIRMxQSJRYQcUcSMygRVCkaGxFiQzUsHRQ2LwJUSS4fH/xAAbAQACAwEBAQAAAAAAAAAAAAAABAMFBgECB//EADIRAAICAgICAgEEAgEEAAcAAAECAAMEERIhBTETQSIGFFFhIzJxJIGh0RUzQlKRseH/2gAMAwEAAhEDEQA/AMHFLok8UdEIKOiFHRCChQo00QgT3pVAChiiEOhQowCaIQqMDPejSCDSqIQgMUdChRCChQoUQgowKABpWKIROKMDFHihiiEFDFHQohCxR0KPBohCoUeDQA5ohCoUrbXRpsq4A5rhIHue0rZzpRONKCSeMU7biqWsDipGNbgtYBwTS9mSqDctcTw197a1qRLURbhwOacuW9aUZxVgZgojnO3mm81xKfQePNKfvCT1NEn6arRD8h7lbWwpAOe9csVMKQHchIzUe7HW0fWMU5VeGGzM5neMeh9INiN6PFdOAPFJDic8Yr0b1Ejr8XY3uJwaKnjbO8VI/wBJCo27HqxXP3Cz0fD3jZA6EgqFLdbU2spI5FIqcdyrIIOjCxQo6HiiciTREUqhiiERQpRFERRCFQoUKIQUlQ5pVCiE54oV0IzSFDFEIVFR0KIQqTjml4oqIRFDxR4NFRCFQo6KiEFAUMUdEIKA+aA5pQFEIAAaMCgBRiiEAoUKMDNEIVLSMCjwPahRCChQoUQgowKAGaMcCiEGKOhijohCxR0K6Mt71AeK4TobnpVLHQnMDNPEQllAODXViGFPoAGBnmp4NoaQARwaTtygv+s0fjvBNcT8vQlf/p7gRuIOKaONlKiParpJcYbiAgjOMVUn3UqWraa805Rc6MY8n4KvHr5Ie42A4o6VtKuwNERjuKe3MoUI+oWKNKcmhQzignqdrH5DceNJaSPWcUxfuTSXy2zyonAqPnyFJJOe1c7LF6qy+547UgdnZJmsq+McUqX/ALy4Wxgtt9V5W4nnmpBEgAhSRtxURalLnOJB4aSe3vVnbZj+tChgbeKQf3NbiLtOSiJQ6l5vJOPeml0hhxgrbwTUfEdKJjrBPAPHPijk3AshTZOfavIU76kj3IyflGtsCmnlBZ4rhqCQkJARyfNBMrO4pxTGWnr8nk01WjE7lHl5FSV8T7kQ4t51W1JPNPIbJQUgnPPeuzLCG8kgD812aKS+kDG0V7YxamnZ5kyYt7JWQCO9TxHQQEr/AGmouI+jCQmnMqWVbUq7eaTJO5o61Ra4dxsweaLqRz3qqPNKacKFdxV5YuARF2L8DHNVS7rSuQVJxVhiWs34mZD9RYFNQFtfsyNwaGMUqhVhMhEUKUe1JohBRYo6FEInFFilYoUQiKFKxRYohCoEZoUKIRJT7UkjFdKLFEIihRnuaKiET4pNLxRHtRCJoUZFFRCChQowPeiENPajxQAo6IQChQpSRkUQgCcijAxRjihRCChQoxRCFRgUYGKMUQgAoYo6FEIKFDFKxRCEkEnA71IMMhpG5XBrhBSC9z2FPLk4Ex9qO5FKZFmvxl94bDFpNrfUbxrgkzQEnge9SVxlFbSSjjBqsQ4rin1LJ4FWWBELyQFkEY/xSDgDua7FexwQZGLkPPjZk4pDcFe8cH5p7PcZhlwIUCsDintgiviGqdLI6Z/aDXQ/EbEDQLm+Nu5yiIjs46/f2oXCO1/1G+W+9FKaTLcGzCea4uq+2QWysLQe49qBa297nhsCkJwKjQ+4DGQW8pNMnW9pIrl965Dc2qSVNHtmuhdDx3Yxmm6GcnRme8vRjLVyrGmjGVGSv9wyKYrk/aDpo7Hj8VLyAS0rFVeQdrqt55qexNyrwclkBEtFluojhKB5q0MyluDcOxrObTMShYKhnBq2R7uFpARx71XX1aO5s/G5wZNMZ0fc/wCdK/2n3qDu0xSXs8nNSD8gAlR81Gu7X1HOM+a7WNHZnjLs5DipnaG9vSc05JA58Uyab6SwU08HqT8U7T2Jl/J7Vl2e5F3GUeyTwPak22TuX6jin5hpJPk/NNnoOwlaOCKgbW9S1oW3iLB6lstfR2A96XLWguD4quWuS5ykrIAqWcBLZOeaXWvb6lxdnFcbkBFSZfo2gmo1ZK1EmjOcnPeiq1rqCepg8zOsym25iKFHg0VSRKCiIo6FEIjFEaXigcUQiKFGBk8UZSR3GK5ud0dbiMURHFKoeK7ORBFFS6IiiETQoyKKiEIp5pJGKXREZohEUWKWU+1FtohEkcUnFLoqIRKaVQoCiEMUKFKR5ohAkZzShxQoUQgoUKFEIBSu1DFGKIQCjoUKIQUYGaCaUKIQh2o8UdCiENslKsg10cVvHqrlXRIJ8fzUNlYYdx/Cy7KDxT7iop2ZB966SZbqEYaynPtSMgdyBTl5tKmTnyOCKRsVB6msw7b2BDyBLa5E9GSTk5PNWxchdwXHgNK2sJxuxUDBHTkbu/ipOwSm40qQXk+pZylVRWdiWGJ+B0x9yXn29LL5YYVtITwaoshUlE1xCj/0zg/NW+bOy8VlRKvGKr9wlMuO79pKyfVXKf7nvyHE64nU7NSG5cQIWgbk8GnFugqkOFKQcCrvo7TNvn2xLsXYSsZUruSfarLC0eILK1lAPmpEy1RWC+5nsvCsybl5n8Zk0q3rRIDKRlSqiL9pt9lj7gpJT547Vc3F9LVzpkJw0BgDHbmpvV8+ALMtIxkoxinKHNlYZpSZNS4+Qa19CYrDjAKp7GWph7Hg8UuDDkLbLqWzs8H3pX2rinANis5qBmBOjL+mpkQMolltOn37ynqJ9LeeDjvUqjQqwSeoo1YtKy2osBDWMLCM7cc496UrUiSVoa29TsCewr2OAXcgc5VlwXjoGVaXo91lG5K1E+OKZCySUJ5TwPNahbbkzH08JV2dSvBwpzZ+3J7HFc0zbfMYKmR+mrgOEYGa7XfWqyLN8VlvboDepj8sKYcKFDChxXBbmUEVe9QaNfnPuPsLIAHAx5qh3G1z4Lm2QwcA4yOa8NWSdiNUZi1r8T9ETnCRtWo+KsDawpoD4orbHYMZO5sZIyciuRSkKUlBIxxxXg1MOxGac6jRrb7hllKwc4pmtG0kV0PWQshsbhXNRJUd3Bpiln3oym8pRjqvKo9xFFgV0bb3nA5rsqIoJzjgUwbFU6JlTViW2ryRdiNCOKKuikEd6NLRV4r1yEiFTk61OQowOKWWynvS0tnbk1FY4C7EdwcNrbQrjqcgQkZpwgJcTxyK5lAIp/BShJ24FINe3ua+rxtP+uupyNvWtHpTx+KYPsqaVhQq/ReimInO3tzUVc4KHYpW2ODzXujLJOmivlf0+iVm2r6lRoh3+KUsbVEexxRVY+5ifUScEn2oj3pR7UnFdhCoUKFEIO9JIAFKoldjRCIojR0KIQhR0KHeiEFdB2FJSCDSqIQUKFGBmiEKjTR4o8UQgxR0KFEIYGaMDFBPaunSVjPiubAnpUZvQiBRigAaPafNG5zRhUKPFGO1dnIaE5WAafuJQhrg0wBx270u3SCq8xku/wDSB5zS2Ry47WXHinpV/wDJOjtpuDnrbYUUYpK+uy30nUlKh71ulnhx3rcg4SdwzmmbukWJs9Kg2Dznmqim5rX4kTV2slCFwZjlrs82YVKQ2pI9z5pncw7bZBakoUhYPkV6UhacjQU/tHb2qqfUrTTM61vLQ2C4lBKFAcg+KtDjiUCeYblr6mKv3BtxCNqsKxUfgLWSCCTTd1tSQpKxhSeMexqOYedbdOFEgeDUK1/xH7swnXIS46Gv0233cxWSS0tWSM9vmvR1tmty4QCzypNeW9P3JmLci8vGSnGT4ratF3czknYTsxwSMUpk0NyDqJ7xsqtga3b16ji+aebW+462AFd6z+7aXfmvkPuOdMH9oPGK2dCCclfOa4IhNOyVBSQB+Kt6xqsCZa9wbmb33Mgm3SHaYjMBhKFOj1PHbyD4T/FM5UhmK5904ppSSM7QOM1NfUrSDjVwVOtDZd3DLzaff3FZzcpCloQ3sO5s4KFDBz7Ug9Gmmwx/KK9PX1JRrUE4yfuIrii8le4HHbn2qbZgXGShS33WkzHllxLYOMDGQD7E0qy9HTlnbky2UCc96kteR7E+3Hiks3L7h8vMlWc5UojsaiZtbAljRVz0bW2fepNafualQkCandEdJbdQeceKVEWiM7KtU8KSkY6ax2I8H+RUfBDTsl1tToYSsFa9oynPvjxVj0tbzdWujId3BjCm1g8qSewz7VEF5HQjz2ilPkc9Adyz6aS7FiLafdMhj/4iochPgZo51pYmKKi2nP4p0ytmGA0o9uK7LeSQC2KuaUKKAZ818hlDJyGsT1Ko/pDqJUGxjPtUG7pB2LJ/U5B4rWbZkncU4FOJ8VpwFQSD5o+ROXHfcg+C3h8mupl8XSC3ASEgfxTS66LdSApAJPxWtQ3Ghhsd6eONoKfUkEfipAQJCebDvuebL9bpVnil4D9x2g+1RljdU6VKkvZx4zW669ske4WWSyEhJWng+x8GvNnQmQ5RS2lZWCRwODg0pem5ofE5RRR1sCXOV9qhpKgv1eQadwkxHoKlpVhaSOD5FV6Lb5kzC5ii2nHapOPbg02AHFFIPakmbQ1uaeipXb5BX7nVuGqVI6bSSpXgCmE9SoxUjbyKuFnjGLOiPhWULHqHsaTdNPGa++pCSQgk8Hn3ryLP5MnfB0pZBozNk3BYX6gRU1b1F8BW7GOaj7rCESSptWM+9d7SpYUUAZHvUrAFdiVtBdLOLGSUu5OM4bSTzVggLMi2BHOdtQyIIkPBRAO2pe3OJiyems+kioSddiWldbvyDnoyq3COph9QV2JzTWrRqplKjvQPFVeremzmu5838jinFvav6goqOhU0RhCu0iP0kNnqIVvTnAPb81yojmvJB3PQI12IihQoV6nmCuZ7mulII5NEIVGnvRDuK6YFEIKFChRCClJ7USaVjiiEGKOhQFEIYGTxTpqGpac5rtbYheO7bnFOZsgQkY28/ilLr+J0svvHeJ+dfks6WcI8cNH1YNCbJaQkgY/imIuXWUQk4pC0hxXPJNLNYzHZl9RjU1JxrG5K2+OmQzvCSfmuUlratQHipe0uRotsWXjghOEJHk01SUPsFxGNucfNR/Owjn/wugp2OzIrpnGa6Q45kSW2h3UcU43KWsR2k/qLPc07gsmBKS6pSFrbOSM0yMrYO5QXeAPIMnY3LonQW61h1KcqIzUBE0dJ+/G5slIPHFX7RmsG7vIRby0ppzAAychX4rUYNpYS2HFoGe+TSmLdaXIbsTufg01J60ZR9P2qRHiIQ6MAVbYsVMdrqHBP+tOZxabBVgbgOAKrN3vxYaWOeBT9WMqMWlVkZ721iv8AiKuV1SHthI4PvUBqO+xG7a4FLHIPmsu1lrV5qYpEdKseTVHuF7m3I7HXFBs/2g96ZleJyvMpMi5yHGv2KUSPmoxpBKl7Uk/ipEQi4jcAQPxT+yQnlSkshlS954IHFRfGZYjNAT+4003Y5kq4tuiMpTG7B+a9YfTbRjCrWiQ+2UAAen3qqaTsbESC0pbaepxkVqNqv0eBHRHfUlAA9OB3pTyDW10E1DuIh/ks5GOLhp6KY61NYSpIzWdvysSVthOCDjIq03fU7iy63BZKirgE/wC9VqVHbadaLisOr5UaW8SclgTd6nq7iPUVEYZcCw4MqI81i2tk223ayLimS44E71JBwM54rXX48l90Jhr5zgms6+qmmXBMaksgurS2etg8/H/mrO9OS6Ec8XeKrtmZ6XXb7dyFLwVqKlZ7ISO/+BVwhpbjRYrbTITGQokBQ5X7k/NZ5bp3RnqWy4EKwU+ryKvrDyp7bZZQ4QlKUJCR8c/61W3KV0Pqbfxdq28mPbTnqT7uPqosW5pv7R6MhSAEDsRzj5zmtA+ntret1sX9wNjiu2Tzj2qkrS71Iq3FFuSwvak+dnc5Hwe35NarbbgzcbI1KiDKR6V8eR3qXFAdx/Ur/OPZjY5A75H/APEYqtTsiWXlKJRntT+W2IscFPqxUpECUxVKSSrI5plc2lqhpcQOx5Bq0PqYNToyMjakjpUWHVbFDvmnkO8syFqS24CM4zmoF2wRrjMDivSrFOWbO1bkLLfcc8VWV4Trb8hM0V3k6WxviUdyxpQ3HQZCl4PeoJnXMeTdPsgMEHBPvUTenpzsMoZWR8VULTCkRrn1XgSVeQKDRd8myep6rzcUY5VV7l81zqFq324r4UoghPPmstk3SI3AadSlCncZ+Sa6/Udx1x6ONyigAkpqjtyiQUpTwntmvV1fJu4947KFFPFR7lgiXCbMUpSGspz+AKsNsiypI2ISFObdxSK4WuKowY/Vw2CkK2juTU3bn24BkO4Vv6StuPek2I3oTT49TBOTHc422T1ytgAhxAzz4xUtaX3C3JUhf6iOefNQejIcyWJC1MnqKJUpavY+K7XgyLUooUn0K7lI4zXn429iSfvawoV27P1KtqZhT08E4HPOKdWyOhlnJo3z1sqI71xddKEbRTFal9CU2XdXi8rT7MdImhtxQHao+fcVKkBTYOE0gILiuaQ7FyfTUltaIdRTAysjIUlvUdIuQlslLn7h70hqMHEKUMYFIi29ZV6Bk1KQ46m3FNuAgnmvC2lOhGbvHjKBawdyBcThRHtSKnnLUp5aylJOPaoiSwplZSoHHg1Y13K/ozF5nj7sU/mOpwoqOhU0QiSKTSz2pFEIKBGaFCiEFChQohBRgZoqUkYohABilCiFHRCClJHmiHJpSOCPzXDOqNnUsNiASg7jg0z1CptaiArmubMoNJ780wnLLqio+aqXU/JufQ8SxRhisRg00hCyRxT5hPrB781FdRQe296fsPhBTu8mvTCQUOu9SZfZcdi7nMIbzgYqMtZkRlutL9TYOQfipsb5bTDLeAnknJqKvW6DGS+hQUkHasVEvf4/zLG9QoFv0IuS4W3uq2eQMjFH1kvNdVDm1QFR0S4IfYB29jUROfdiSlhteW1cgVItWzqJW5orXmOwZetA3h1jWFsCW94cc2HHjI716lYnFURO5XGK8daDu6E6mgB8pQOoPUfevT0q6tt21KkKH7fFOU18fYma8nk/MQVOxHd2kAoWrcffGapkqQ2+tbbwODTv+pl9lahz+a42uOmTJ9WATxzTMp5GHSMOeFktpyr3FQ4+mLUYPSEJKjjt4FalOiORIaCwjt5FK0888404qWgEKOAKJ2eeb9bVNKMdlKkqzg8dqu/0+tDbzAc9O9PHI71qz2mbbIQ+4tlPVxnt2rMNSWeZpi7JlIkH7Vwf8uEpwCCfUk/7581BdaaxvUsPG4K5zmsto/Ut14ls6djIkyiV9ThKE9z+Kh7ZfolwuAddeIUOzauCD7VRtTSZzlyTMVIVKhhAKUDu2PxQs7tuud4iFxPK1JSQnOd3ggUmcty3XqaVP0/jJSRb/sJrUCY+/ICzH6bJ7KI8U5mstrZW5n15711vTyYNtaa2H0pzkCqrB1AxcJ7URrKik4UmrNfUw7DTER6i4rtzDiSrc4r9pxTKVLactzoWCuS6CMmo7W05cN4pZaysDKRWc3HXb8ZS2nWcPDsB70ETgOpTLhbREuDzaz+qhw5T7e1WO13SZbbOlLS05WcjI7VWp0l+ZLcmOf8AUVgqHip2StSbIw+0lCgCArHikbqmY6mr8dn01KWLcTJizzXpq1JdwJChjcOxrUNN3u2RLOu1LWht5Cc5/wC6sSaurUaQ0CP1D2ArtBYcN561yWpAcH6eDXrGpKkkyPzXkBfWtSHc9D6fuseVb32YhSqTk7RXe2l9+QqLPAQvHb3rKvp9cJlv1cWnklEdQ9JUO/zWl3yHNantzUkqac5Ch4pwTMERxIjM298F7j1cH3FSMiLGWtLrI3tlPqxUVcY8q6MxvuE7UBQG4VNWyI9bQttQC2VDgnxXZyQMuK2+pXQSMJ8VXbowW0FakAAfFXJqO4qQ6Iw9JqO1BYpciApDidqD/cK4R1PdZAYFvUw+/wB1YkT3BjO301XZ0PewXo6NqU85qauFgMG9ux1lW3cCCR3p7LZS82IrSDwMHjvVU5KNN/jIuTQCNAa6j3RLkabGMme4ouNo2JT4AFW/S1iFwfVI4Wyg4Ax3+KhNAaPWreX3i2lSuEea1rS9uYtMnopUeks+fBrldBsff1PWV5VcXG4A/nGsCI3FWUhlKeOQE4pVzs8WfGWVNpPHPFXByC0t042+qoq6W52FudSr0HuKsxWANCYZsy17PkY9zz/qe1OWyUsJH6ROR8VWlqJVk1vs+xsXlC+Afce1Zjq3TQs+/jKOcVC3GkR5Wu8gwBPqUtcsNHGOafRpCCgKX2qJlJStHfnxXaybXng26r00k45dzUYrGkisS8WHodULUE7QKZXCY29eNjWAn3FInrTDi4inx4qtWlmY5PW84Cfb4qBV2CZb3ZBQrWo3L/HKG2FkEblVUr064pzYo+gHI4qUjPq+4S2TzXfUVvT9vubHGM5qXFYI/crfPUNk45dPqU49qTSyO4pFXM+cwUk9qVREcUQiKFKwKTRCChQpSe1EISe9KoqUKIQCgO9ClCiEGKMCgnv2zT1mCtxG7Brwzhfcmpx7L24oNxlQOSMU4dZLZIPiuWKgKLYdiXFeTdgLwsEi3Y6g8VJBxU3adPS56A8hOGx5PmijRTKfS2nua1CxRVQbZu6ZWEjOMd8CkcpjT0JceNsryu5QJyv6bF27f1Ejk1SL1OMhCkNqUEqIyCatt6cly0vuTGloUsk/txz7VEaf0pcLytSW452dt6hgCpMYbHI+5J5e4lfjU6EaWhptEMha/nNQ90cT1jsO7xWiXLQFys8Pfs67GPUR3T+R7VQJsB1D5Cm/OanHTkmVlhL4yivucbSpLcpCl8YIIPsa3fRt6TcmRFkLyUpxz5rFXIm9tkNpIdUoJH5NbRo/6d3C2BqS7LSsuIB2gYxXGtVXBJ9zx8BFDIV2Za47SGDsTjaafotrypDTsdzsQTimr1pUhJbcd2q/NXDTltTGigOK3bh3NOA79ShIIOjH0GSJbZjLSCoJ5V800jL+2nBtamylPZPHNVLV9+OnzITGWUkYyvA7nwP/AHWVx7+/eL2yVTXWUNLLhcBO4JHJ5+e1KWZXE6Amgw/BG5BZa2t+poWt9XzIF5kBiUhlsnb00gHakeT+fas01RrG4X12BCUoSZEd1aEKaVgLB5HHb25/NQ+srq6ic8oDqmSsqAVyeTwKPTVsVbGHJLpzNdTtKVJx0Qe4yf7scfGaW2SpZjLoqnyrRQoDD2f4j+JcXmXEofKo72SUFfb/ADVr0RcosXUkf7uC2tx04adaPoCj5x4qvB1tbJYlJbcBPAPdJ8KHzTiE8u3xZC46ENuYwhwD+4HPb57VADogiW9lZsrZHPRmvC7ybndHIz0YoQ35I4I/NMIzFvi3ZyVGYAf/ALiB2oafuTzlqefcSEvYAb3f3Gm4kKSlRdUhDqjnA81dq2xufLbq/jsZR9Gcb2hyRKSssh1vuT5/FZr9T7QktsvJjpaeB7pHcVoipkd9w5kbFdikGkT2WJsBanGg6EDse+K9SPUwCLKDcgtvkFJG0keKew5bjaFQY6C604fUrGeKe6r0VNZmKlwYbyoqvUUgciodi6GE4iOy1tWkercMEUQ3GElpSbsTHc/YRjPNXtaJMt2AmO2ZElgBSwkcAVW7PaxPu7ReVtYWrctXj8VvunodvLLCYDKELSMKcHmuandwrBBC2WpMtgF8gAccpq9XZQascVBWAyeSpRxtPtSbk2Etxfso4MpgZWkdlCs9+pNymTn7fGL6YsZK+osHso9gMefn81HbZ8a7j3jsP97eKvqXFrU9tktNW6NKaVI3bSlPOfwallqflOdOIvchIwSaxLStxELU3TlJUyy5lKS5xk+CK1zct/T7zlpWlMsnOUnI+ahoyDYdGWPlvDphoHqJI+5MuOpREPTQBIaHqCfNMrZqAXRtyC4NpPAJ70jT7Ephhx2QtLy1J5ptGgCM+iY2AUqV6h7U3M9OMGxxZN0cizW07yCUqI71WNUWRnTqZL629wQrIOOcVf704l0ty4qSh5vkj3pvcUNX/TM0SEAvhBAz+K8lA3uT1ZFlf+pmYt3hTDDc5pYSwQM8U6j6hmLmtPNqC2k4zVd1NFctGkA08CFAY5HzTzQkphqKEzFpIUABmuga9Twzs52x7m3225MSojbu71gDirCWU3G2rSUDIHBrI4LqozySh4Bk89+9aBp/U0VgBhTgKuOK7PErtwiPWZ111Odo5xWN/UHUX9TWGGyeD6vivVl3gx7pZ3S2EqJHBryl9TdMPWmdIkM5Lf7lDHalr0LDqXPibkrf8zM/uCiholI5oWVh6Q4gjKOe9SMC3uXBACE5HmpNqGICQFcKHikyetCaUVDn8jnQkkuOhmOOod3HmnFvdjttLOEg+9Vy6XElG3dz2pimYUp9RUBUbU6Xv3GaPJhrTxHQliaUgzi4CMVJvyvuWw0ap8adjO1Wc1IW6UFSMKUcd6iKkdx9L0tUqfRnO7xeioqCcVF4FaCbYJ8QrRyBVKuUURpCkDgZ7VZ41/MaPuYfzfjGxbDYv+pjGh4oUKblBCpJpVJNEIVGnvRAUoDmiEMUdAUBRCCujaSpQAHekjsacReHAcZryx4jckpr+RwsexbcVJ3qHani5SYrQSRwPNKalko2hJGBUXcpTZUUqFVLWtYdGfRMXDow6uVfuRs2eXZJ6SSU12bJUOaTGUykqPFdypCv2GmcdgDqUPl6Hsr573JDT7iGrm2pzGK9EaXixp0NkthIGBnFeaozS3HkpbBKieMVvv07dft9rQp7OMea5lYxuYMPqVvj8sUIyHoyX1TaITbRSttsjvjaO9ROn2YreA2lP4Ap3Pm/1NxYSrODzTNoogpJyARTSVhABFb8h7TsmWebEYfhKC0ggisY1tpaKZHViBKSf3ADg1abpq11tJjIScqPHxVauN0LCmg4c7zzmusgb3DHy3x25LKIq0Ox5TLhbCkNOpUoDyAa2y5XeXIgwRbUdNJA3LPiqXJaTjc2P384q3aVnMy20RXk7VtcH5FVWfj6UES/8b5H57SLB/ckBAm3HDiVhKUJG5Z81Z4k5uNbmmlqy4hON3vSJDsdq1KbQQgHmsp1heZCIObROQFoVnbnk/FeHa+jii/c9Vpi5he1utRf1CtFxuig41gkHOwn93fFZg8uRbJIZnW2SHAfVtT4z/8AvNav9PbhLuzi5F2wVJxx/bVmLbc64qRJSl3PCQBwBT643Ibf3Eh5n4fwqHQ9TzJdH5c27NyYDbiA04FNp7lJB4zVsuE5CIzeXlPL5W6v/uWe9WLXViaa1Q4uzJSGHANyEnA34wcf71XZ2npLsVLCXEtEEkoc4JFL2MAQh+pfYNbujZNZ2XnC0rb+zVPfAccdWUtAn9qRwSB+f9qm5UFqQmLNhMkzY4wtOf8AqI7gj5HP/wCFQIgvxIzLUiOVpaOElCu4zn+amo5de2mOraAndwcY+SahYjexLPHXknG0S9MSZN0soU20GZKQekkKyFDwar8FMuUyZN2L0dTaijbjnPvT8uT2WYzw/WlhIBbRjKvnip+K5NkKSLlBWpCfV27n5q3q/wBBufO87j+4fj63K0WGrfulFDj7R9W6rJBQpUBuWqMpIdGUpPBIqc0l0Loy/IkMshttW1tC0/3fika2vEeCw2mSgFKlBtBbOCn2I/8AVK25wrs+PUmxvHNkVlwZAtzJ76nFyI5S0kYCR3x+KxHW78aRqhbiMJ4wrjBzWtzXZmY71vfLx6gQ4jsQD5qA+qtuhIZZ2wU/en1b20eokd84p4GVpGpnBuRRERDh5Dy1YCvzW6aAt6YNvaZekrVKWkKODWCMdJ3UMFpxXSR1U78jBSPNejYEqHKbcNgbCnGWwnq54Jx2rs5LfcZrFriomPLWVKbKCAPYd68/auvDM+SXpDu17lIyfGePirRqnVktsf0mYjMnaFqUVekZ8D34qtOxmHFJKktqUeMFINVmRfyPHXU2vhvEGtPn5fkR6jayz2n2WG3kNLSlZyn92R5rUdKapttlZQhhDpiLVt4ST0yfB+PmsavlqfgRJ9ztMkR0NjLjOOCMgen/ANGhpF65KhKV946gSuVJAzlIPf4qJV4D5EMfe0ZD/s8hDvX/AG/5nom+THnnIy4KuiASXCOxFJdYntoR0H0r38gfNVKVq2ZDt8JEVlmSh4BMh5zvx3ASOx+akLTDmSZTjnXcSx+5sDuB81Y1XLZ0JjM/xluH+TjrfUkHHry87lKU/pDC0+9MYsy8pdcX0kpYP9p81LJYkQJ6HG3+sl3AUD4qVuCRKLbrA2p4CkfNTyslFvtoXq5DTT7nRbSrCkg8moHWukF2KyNu21xS1A4IqyXhTdj1ExL3q+3ePTWg/wBqvBqxXl5hVvP3GCgjdzVObL/3PH6mkFOMMMWAf+9zMPp/Fvt/urTclRajM9xjvWuyNMs28mSXD2yar1iukRqB1LcgF5Sv7RUlq/USYdvjMvrBdeIGB701QlotLP6iWXbQaQtUuenrslbPRQSR25NI1ZpyPdYygW0r3JOeO9MdE25P9NS+fbOTVjjZdWEZPpIp3W5VKxU7Exr/AIUatT5CWtrajjgdqretbKsslccDeE1v+pbOHYqlhPcVjmpXlNlba/xzUJrCgkCWBzLMhlVjM403pz+pTgHSVY7k+alNX6UTbohW2PR2/FS+mgqJL62MpzngUX1BvYegdFtClEnwKoTe7W6Jm1x8dKqN66MyhDTjThGOBUtA9frT4pcVkPpJI5z5qwWq2hKOQMU27iSYeM2+vUndMzgmOpDp2+mqlqcJM1Sk4qSmOCN+04PaoWc26968HHzU2IOLbMr/ANQWGyr41G9SMP5pNK2kdxzRHvVpMJCoqOixRCEBijFCjFEIKNNFSkiiEMVIMKaabysimCRk0uU3tY35pbIP46lz4ZFNu2G9SQRILrawygniqlevuFKUEpOQfFWrT81DIWlaQc0m5OMkrWUgA0gjcG9TXZNPz0f7alXtKlKaw7uBHHNTDScD0kGmcuTHDCy3wah2Lo4yvnJTU4Vm7Eqflrx1Fdnc0bSMuK3dkokKSnPYqrakXeEbamOypG/GMg15cE1MhQUknd/tVgsd0ltSGkpeUcnGCakR2XoxW/Erv29fU3ZjLLK3EnHmocSlyX1qydg4rqhbosvUUckI81CMS1MRFOLHnOaa31uUPAluIi7myylzryXEtoA4J7n8DzVedR/VB1WSoqbX+zzjwaVq24tP/apKgClvJz8k1XbdfERrrFRE/UXvAJHIxnzVeL3L7HqbA+JxUx+Lj8iPf9zVbVY3rjHZy2pHjNP/APhtNsuP3LTxCk/uGe9TULUbEOC2y0hCnXMD08812ZiPzJe+Skhv9xNWGlcdzHt8mO+h0ZH6mlocsZS2FJfcTtCsdqzSZoVhxTJbnPF84Ktp4J+a1u9PNux0NrbQgbtqQe+Kql7fcakBi2MpHHKhXrQkHIyGn3CTYoe1phAbaHIT5rna9aylQ+tHgL9SsFe2u0+5NxoT6pTCVuNpyG1f3GpDTd0Mi0x33YgR1/2ISj9o+aNTgMfCFbXkoW+N8tQC1J3Y2VlWuUNvajeRAyWjtTsKirCgOcE1fn4MG0SbjcZ0/ql0ZSzuwEHzWVOdSVLMvJS0pwqKfOM+KhtqDjr3LLAzXx2A3+P2JNwLchmEPuVLSpOSAe4qMu98kFlEEuJ25whCEhKlnxuI71ItIW8VNOrcKMbtyjyM+1NJFngPpWuGFuT2vUFH3FKV4rctvNDmefq+LjQO5pv00iXB2zh+a0gSG/S2vHJFX1mI6iDtcUTIc5+BVU+mT8m4acS3IIYdbHryOVGrFa1yW7pPE2QgQENpLKgeSonkc+1WAH1MeWJO4HLe7EZJa2LCTvWkHG4/FZ1qG42+9Xq2SULPRjyNr6F8FJT4Iq7wrfIuurEux7nm1NI3SGtvJV7A12uFgjx0rRCYaajvuKW8QjJ3H+7+aVsxFewWH6j1HkXpqakDoyMs1rfus9DjEVMeO6olt7wU1NwLH/TVypS/+dfx6QtIwB5xXeTeIdusjbQkNMtx2g2Tn9oz34ptctUR4dgQ8l9mQqQNjaEqBznuc0tk3WrcFQdSbFx62oNjzM9V/wBJL8mfdbG2stcdUJxx+RT223K1x7Il63LDEVY3JbJwVGpG5fauiPEbUl5yQra4wRuCkGq7rqwRbVbmHooDCGx0ugM4IJ4x7GnrSwQ6kXja6nyVW31ImctF3Spy4YW7n0j4/NRpQPuNsdWAhA/j3FS2m7auTFBe3IbUcJB7q9qrr1xhxNXONqMhuEU7HFJTuVkew8DxVSqliZ9EutSlFYjW+p11jICItvtgOxDxS9IB/c4nPpwfbgmu2n/+YkFEbx6NvamF1db1JdGBEadQ1HRsR1sFW0Enx+f9aklIkWfT6jHjrNwlDa2AMlIzgqP/AIqRv9QkSq2LbMjWx/6+pIWi9BzUTbbLbTkGIvYpahneryoVsxSpdyZk2x9CmFo9QH9px2NYDp2OuFayVNkuZJUCOxrTPp1cQXUrkuqDBTtUnPxxXum347OK+ot5PB/eYnzWtpgNy3PTosiI+hSkty2VZBHmoi8XotR2HLduddzlxI8VXrnH/od3MmXKS8h0lTSQfHzTJ24y5FxD1qj7YyuHT3ANW0+fSWj6hjXeWpm5xztVwVEdjUleLQ5JjKYZmFQUn0ZOeKaw5cBaVNSuiH/H5p+24wuS09HeSXGh+0HIrnEb3PQdgOO+o/0DpNVvdSlw70bM7fmpC9aSF1uzcl1JCGv2g9q5Wy+POSzKbAShHChVli6gXcJKERWSU9iQK6JwncOzuvQ4qo6U+gZSDUjp5bqpyw6fOR+KjA5L++Uxtwg85Ip+pbkTLoAJSKJyWm5JS8wUewxWPa/sGG1LPdIyMVYZmuo9vyqasIA/txkn8DzUUjUEPWEV4wV7ynhSSMFP5FRl19bjdeJdx+QKdSpabS0phTagNyfepNmwRpbi3HWwfbNVV0O2q9OMuqISo5FT7+pERI5ClADbwrNUOVhsrbX7mtw/Ji2riToiUnW8WPAnfpJSlQPIFRrFzShGAai9R3L7+4LdKyoeCa4sPNqhlrpjeTnqeQPankpVaxyiy+QyvmIr9TtJkiXKAH7UmpODJj5DLuMnsTUEhIZyRUUh5yRc0gK24Pk1Fx2fxl18/BB8g2TLDd4OFqUyOM9qhnEKQrChir1b4rf2qS6vccc1DXyAhIUtsjHimcfJ2eBlJ5fwXxociv1K2PNCjPBNFVhMjCFHRCjohDAzTiJHU+vA7DvS4UQvDJ7eKlGo6owzjjuKWuvCdD3Lnx3irMkhmH4zg7CSy2SaYyQVo2+K7TZi3lEZwkGuQOU8mk1dnOjNHbi146bqHYjaOnaoYPNLuUVchnCFY9wKPGDXQOnGMUwMf7BlSvl+ili9SqmE4HyhedtLetgUg7TzVhUyHHeBya17QOh4kq373mEuKUMkqFe+DiLfuscggjc88MNKjEg8kGrnoS0qu80OKJDbagcDya0LU+hoSJoS2yhvJxx5q16T0kxbYgMZAx3Pua6q7Pc8WZHCr/HOa2g1CEdRByMVUdTMSUuw2o6AqKF7nQg4V3/9Zq33ZCmpBUe/+1RDLbkpS3B+1Pk+K9XBeH5SHxb2/ODUNmZ7dblGDrqihvaCQhCxnaM/NRLktTCC5uS20eRtwM1F6gmvvXwCbC+3bcdAKkDlQ3cnnjOKsEhi3OJLqYyg0P2pWd3b3qvNYr1NlVlNllh6K/zHdmm3OAhqbDbWsqAcDfclPvt9q1uJrNMjTLEjrIadcUA4lRxt5xWHvOzrsh1yES3tVguqOMccAY84pFrj3GItCXFsusng5OQR7EGvVbmv8hFsrGXMArZT/wA6m16hurbAaUp9DigncOe9VqNfmXt4ceSJLv7UpPaqRqWNcboiO1bULS620P0ivOR2BSfIpzb7PH0zAZfmtSHrk8n1KwVBsnxVhVYLF2Jj83DbEsNbS4xmGEuqfuS96x+xJ81KJflIbQltKE5HBPAAqAs6bh9vGTIaCg4lTq31/wBqfA/NVzVWoH1TnYsRwrQnGCPipYlC105/zYYJSVLOVbVZqLiONtPMpkKASoY5qENyUiQ67PSvd/arFTptX9SkwVFz/ls9RRHt371yegZKzJ6YjSHXGV7PBA8VLQG4ZCpJkICXAFHB8VGNr6t9YhO7Ho605A74x70ZYg/dzYa7etDW3lR/0VkdhUVtorGzH8HBszWKIRsfzLVbL+/aEuSGmkOspUEtIVkBeeSf4qaRrNN5UzClQlR0rWEqcSoKBBPt3qgybg61IZiz2i223ygAelX81I2AxXdRQnULWsLWn9MHlKs9x7ikDlOX/H1NbV4LGXG/yj8gOzNsbjRG4rjVsAjt+Eg+fmqtYtUOKmy4lwYdDkV3pqSBwr2/zU6t1pcl1thSA2RwoH38VGT7l/w8y/Gf6BCAXyrcP1fb/FWgmDI0ZxjWePcb9Mu7bKmBKZLH2quyT5UB8iqPB023dNUTLXcXVW6BFXjpNEBS/Yg/NXW1vqvzLr7U9tiShoOYbIA98Z98UzjNWm8PNyNh+6DmXnG1EE4GBn3FcK7nQxHqc4el2dOFExE12QqQooR1yCptI7YqtfXONNtWnor6lpXGlLBbKDuIUOSFe1aPqS3w3jCjIldXLW9GDy2vwD+azKX/AMS3i+qtU+3PQIbbSt6pSMJUO3pPYmu6nA5U7Eyq3ajvU5JjpnSVMgZKAs+PbzVxbFog2xq43Evypr6MK6AGEH/7E9j71C2/SV3sOrIaFNqVGW+Nj7YylQz2rUteOM2i+MJLDKYaGEyAlKACpwjnik7Mcsepo8PzYqTVmyZWLLcYFthGcq3NuKdUGmAkkqcUecc/6mtd0TBbuTbrS4TTN2eYPSUv1JRkePaqpYYsG4wEXSXEbiRI7SnGWPZWP3Yph9GtYOyNXrdf3PJeUQV5xsT2BA+K9VYwXtuzIc/zVuR+Nf4rLlYNLW9wS2rglIcaUdwJ5UrPNQuqdFTW3gqxdKNbEq3qWkkrA/FWY21iPqEyVylr6rhKmwv09/FNtQruEG/vIjpc/oywNjij+7PcH2xUwpQHepWv5HJev4mclZT5mgnLuG5Ui7q2x04CBgFVPLZamrLFEaOtT6HM7yTzU3f7c69OgKgOAQFtZe2nkL9q4Xizu2Nt92Moup2B1QX3SKliUyzUul7wL31IKiiM76gtR7VY7b1NO2tC5W2Q52UQeSacQL+uZAc+/KBGSTsVnk1T5cV28Xh37SctEJsAjJ43UQmlWq7RpbC1NJ6ThThTZPepWwa9tNphL3qy636SlCST/pWcQbW9bErlyJ6VKx/gVCQStcvqs7lJSSdwGeKSyMk1tpZpvEeFTLr+S3fvqa1qH6qsNJAgRS8pSSouk4Ske35rlZPqQiZZ5L81BS42PUhIJOPcVmTj0NEaUw6kqDg/ahIBCvBFNrO89CCFsqAeKSCMZBB8EUp+6sPcvT4PE0K1H/eG9fpMjUxlytwSpe5tKe6EZ7fnFX/6fMJhXSQ7BWSw8cocUP3Jyc5+fis91YOldIjkcNITNQCecBtY4Un/AGP81q30qgbn48N7kpysEHv2zXkAlwf5jZK10uv0sidfQJapyJiE4bScnjxVHv0xDkRaN3KR716Q1rYku25aEIJJSR2rylqu2TLddn2ZClBtRykGrR+lmCxAbb9iRDjq3FYAOKkGFlDYOfHmm8ZgrISBT2fEU3GJTwR7VXlt9TYVVFBz1AmSlXpURXNm3kv9ZseoGoGG+r7shfg1aodwbbQASn+a4ylPU7j2pkn/ACfUl7aqUpOw4AFP50Y/ZEqGeKRaXS8MoAx71I3JKhEKefVSyNpxLu6pWxW++pnr4w4ofNc6czW1JeVuHmm1XynYnya1eLkGEKUBntRUpHevU8KNnUlLc90QMjtUoqW0ts5OTjtUA8stsgimn3SiODVTcvJp9A8dcMegJHEt1PVOBgA00XLA7dq4yXfQonvUSwouv7R2r2idbkGRlabiPuTQnIPB4p2weonI7VFfZK3hXIxUsyQ21z4r18hHqQLiLcCHGo/tEcvT2kgZAOTW+2G7xLTaQyp5pt5SQAgqAV/isi0C0h95bh/cThIoX+Shu+vS4iusrduCzyM48fFenyiB1FcTwa22MGPQk9rbUgLpDT+xQOdw7j4prpP6nJttwEW5Fx6Kv+9XdB/9VTFPfeOK+4G5ZOSCcE1A3dTS5qGQAhGQFqA5AzUFbsW5Ey4y8equj4lA1/5m4a8vbTRS61gpX2xVckzZMSzh1Cg2ZJ2gE8kZ5x+KaSGhNYhhpwKZSEgKJ4AHzTLVE92bOYix9q40MpCSk/uOPUR/k1PkW7AUSr8JgtXa1p60dCVG+vvLylwZY35UCMgc9x7Gn6VdWOsbgU7eMU/1C0GNNykuMONh0J6BWQc8+f4NQGh4zr6FMO7lJUrAA5Ipcd17P1Lhga8v4wN8hHNkeWhx2OVqShCioDPHPn/SpUOdVPHcHv2zTKfa37dL3vkNtIz6lcbh+P8AxXB7ULyGVNxmGG0K4USjdn557V4K8zsSdLBjrxsPqOzcHY1wiobcPUcOxB8Jya0ZpTsdDSXEmY6shAAT2+ayvTP3d2ubLbgSGEr6gdWn9pHtWy2ixKktgs3E/c4yVDsirDGr4L3Mf5nKGTaOJ6EYX+1yVQ1OPzFMp7ltHke1ZtLtbzd0ZktKIazyFDIxWn3u3XN9TkeM/wDcpYQVqc7DjxVXj3Bpm1ld5iORAXClKlDhQ96Z3KbUrcyPHu8GY2w2CqPySKd6AfbmWiXA2KS60oJAVyce1SkqztRiqfa5LaEvJ/YOd6fekyX4tjTHkRG2m3wrc4kc7vhXuaXsylQ6lzheDvya/l9L9b+42RZE6emJXyqVITw4o5DQzyAP/Nc4c5564z4y3A8SlOAlPO0E/wDqp3UEpt/po/6krYlbhxnpjGQn81l15ekz9WJRYlOtSHAlsdMlBBxz28dzSKlr2IJ6motFXi6a2rQFtj/kzTF3RhS0NzG+o0EbFNqHA+QfBp/p2ZFt9xUYnTfhvpDa23MB1sE8lCvOPb2qjMxr0xHCpbiJqc7FupJWUY/7gfHsaR9ygOfo9ZaU8qw2Qnjvz7VGFKN13HbLVyaiti639TVbxdImm5gGXnGCQreMkfya6m32TVk1Sru5JiNuN9NDiHSj8cearbGrYcmDHYd6LToASpK+Qfam/wBQr05BiWy5WtvqQ0qId9Pp3Y4UTVvW3Jdz5zl0ft7Wr/iWrS8S0WOeuGWn0BwhCFLWcLPvXRdpjWfVC2oc0phvcLCPUCVHJVk9vxXKz3b/AIpsdt3QVBtg7i+pBAV8++KkojltZExhDSH21gttc4KFe/vUkVjLVFiu+n7wzcYUn+pWmQQtDyRjYAB6SPcVYn74jVllZgx0qK2F71PDgqPYgfFSNgXMdgw4cgoHQWCEHwMd8VGWuyGHfZgQoJQpxSg6jhJ5zx7UTkcOWpUFEGOt1talEKAP7k+9Yj9X25j+uFB+aFQl+lnH9oHvWt/Uy3MPSbTcEylQ2lgIedKzg7T3A8ZFUaRpexsNPXqdOelp622K2lW7f/8AXFE6J20/pCQ/e2HnbjIXakNpIC1EJWccjHkVHwLfDsevb5LteBDjgrajbsYOOQPjNXtu+9a0C6PWp6LBtwAU0RhRGe4H/iqjZrdAdv0rUOoFiJClrU42lZxuT7fNcndzQLDdEyNFR7nLY6XSknfzkpCjxz7Ur6gzrjONvftEZBt0hACyVYBWPP8AimGmb9a4SmbZZ21SIsoq3EglATVj1DPYiNNafbIfbcIf3gft+QfeuzzIqwNm32xTk5K+iThKs5G/2rnYZL14llU9txps5RsdGCUduan5EqHbG49tWoOw5CEuK38bSPzRw7lFk9ZTiAlpDSktqA/cB2ohKbqbRdudZkx2klmOyN7fTPYe1UyPZYSYvQZ6zSU8lQ7GtInT5EjTjstuO4QzkK2p5wfes/lXRT1ucjtOIbW/6BjkjNE6JRtTTJkCS5Gifqs8J6h5ODXSZeo8S3tsJ6iHWkhK2wdgV8jHmm17iy7Vco7b60raA3pcUeFY96iHDFuMhbypKS7ypQUMA/Aqssr/AC7E2+JlsKd1tskajrT8z72ZKWhp0lONqSv9qfJPvVmud+asTjMeBATKuBQOqXv2oJ57e+Mfis6bhuPyR0gQc90mp2yWudcZy2oiCpaRhThycfNcdEB3JMbIvav4/sn3HMlUzUl1610cUktp9DTYASn4HtW5fSQssojkuqS7HSUlJPfPk1nMa02+wthNyubKXyQVJ/cr/FWe2vLS225ZVAJWQrqKOCvHx7VDz/IEehLIYimh15aZvZno+3ONXNgpXhQPBrFvrBoVUlwvMoO5tWRjuRWo6XWtLDC+ElQG4A9jVkvsJmXFJcSCcd8VasOazAY1gxcjZ7AM8fDTphoCnm1JPuRUZdI+W1NpOfmtl+qUeNb4Clg4KjtSAO5rIkAyU7kck5OB3qpsU1toz6Hi5CZdO0GpUzYXi4XCQPIxXH7NaHgFHKR5q0PyC2vpbDux3qJkPdFwFQ4NexYxiT4tVfctOl3E9NACe3epa4SQXAkpyKibLNjtRcgp3YoMTW5c3aFA0qwPIy+pdPjC7nC8RWyyVAYJqquDCiPar/coSnY52j8VR5sdUZ4pV5q0wn5LozB/qTEFV3NRoRtRp4NFRgU9MxO0tYMYgHnFQ0dR34NSa+U4pktrB4FIuh3NPi5KvWCT6hS2itBIFNbU0W5BKwM1KMp9I3DmjLHrymurW2tQszKeYb+J2eVtRkCjt0Vye/00g4z4FDbkc1L6flGA8XGwN4ztz74qN6Sq7jmL5Gq+0ITJV1v+g28oU70n3AQlIGSAe+fzUM3OQ9w2UOe+01yceNyuu2XLKu5UfeuMayFyYf6ZlEjuMn0kfNKgf/dLwu+/8S9f+Y6W2xIBK0g45wRTGJa4zNxW8FFbRHpQvnFcrnNuFujrL8ZpxO7BcTyBUfHvipSfSNi+2O/+KkVH47HqKW5WP8gRx+Qlm/rKovWj7Wy0eAntiuS45lxVORFoSpJypK1Y/wAVGpsxlR+sSTI7lGe9Rqbu7BfU0pJ2dik8UBeXSw+YUEtaNAyaS2lu4MC5EuIJHnKQTWjmz2htlpxllKdyc7m+MGs70i5HmXcLubqPtdvCSfNXjowmIbz8KYoMg8pJyPxTtVQZNMJms/OsqyOdTGNI0KO9Kk/eBTgUNqOqdwFRtqsrEm4SEL6bjbKSpKAO1WSE23NgKU0AVKGAfauUKBGttseVF5kOD9RzOT+KlFSqNASufNyLWLFj3JDRFjYlyl/ep6LTLZO1I/dUvZLRNkagXFt60phLB3qJwWsc5+RStN3BmBCVcZjLqYyUbXFKT2+a7ab1Gi5X0nTiOtg/qEDhKT3Jryz/AIHh2ZEtRDDn1LNLsqYFpX/S2XHpIG9XUPL23nGPGazO4Jm6mQwifEECEV/qpcHKR8VpN+1AzBjGeJK3kI4SGRklXtis9tQueopyIZZkx5c90uKaWjhCCe4PbGKSwLLWLCyP59NaIpXUZauYbbjMi1BtCWwGAgD9rY8/6VTY8Flx9mQ/cmChLoUttROVAHJAFbbc9JtofbiWuOh6Szg9VR5UR5z7VF3HT0WKpyRc24bMhpPo6IBCl+fFT24xduQMcwPNpRQKrVJ16mR6snyUokLiuKbMhwrCUHCsn/0MVFaeeLEJam2U/cuA73+7nJwQD49uKv0fS931dGlzGLW1G+xc6ZeUemmQDn9gPc8c/moRFolWZch6XEVFEc5ytGBnsPzzml3U1LxIl3j3V51ovVuh9H6jplxmDEG+SqM4RjYvkkHwRTZm4xbW0XQHXScpS2lrKFA9wc9gariZMibPdfd9IBGzd/vVngyGZDH6qgMelZHtS7LwltXcMjYXr+JX7Jp9epJKwZyYTTOC4NpKjk8Af/vFafAlwoRe07dWS8z0hsCkgpPkHH8VSIcNy3T1ybVJbfS+nC0nJ2kK448Zz5rS9PQhLLl1ldN+S22GUq8I8kfmreg/gJ898qpXKZWjGNqG5aaamJmobcEz9NhKU5SpPbbnxXKx6LvbykS1TYy3Nq3kMoJBPnBV89qko1sg6jvKX58Z5v7L/wDrrPpWfC/xVwVeLfYEh58oTsbPoJxuFSFgPcQSsudLK9Z52ppMhchFpLLjiA2Ap9KihI7nA71Lalv8OHpqIwt8G4KeLiW2zhSkpBzk+Aap0D6iIt0qepTa21Hd0MrHAPbgdu/mqvqBUhME3BghwS0pQ4tPZrHcfycnNK35IUaQ9y/8X4ZrX55C/jNDVqa26iatsefEdbioO0DhwFXnPtSNXam0rYVw7ZsSt5DvVLaEZ2fNU+yFTUKMprJUlYLgSccE96fawhQZ1gh6xnwCwuI4IroQclaQTtV8jv8A5rmLc1hIaSfqDxlGGEaka3J+5X925To8NDTTFmktBbjjw2nGazf6o6iTc7pEtUdnpwYBO1z+1zPG4H2qvao1Y/rW/wAKJb0KjxEJDLTf/dz3Nanclaf0pZrbZJ7Lcq5utk7SnJTn39uadmYklohwPacZfgREhMdJGSOCT3NaNp92A5ZQ8ylpxxtSdyFn9pz4z4rMPpM9c3bjcbbeE9CG22rLKU7QBjuDXKRquNFbYWHPs7ShZSXSM71Dx+aISc1gi5RdZTpc23OJiJ2paJH6YSRnirDoS4wLgldvnRwppahhSTgoPxXCLfpWp4SX1NLdtJbS2tDo5KAeFY7j4pnJsrcLUCm9NbVIUgGO2+5tAUR2J/NEJYrY2007MagSUj9UoLDn96c1HK0PZJF1kyI8dEaannpZ4CvIAprpy0vKkS0y3lG6IySkq4CxyQKkJkpqdIjyHFuRJaBteIHBx5ohIfVmjodytC0PxACDjeR2NZTD+lCWLikPzQGV5A9PNbbf7igaakolyMsEgoezg1l18v6n0KXa1FaGWsbx71G6BhoxrFyWoYMO4+tP0sbQHkRpKVZGUkp4z8mqj9TNPan05h5b/TtrmEj7Ve1PPgjg1YdB/UsiIYLsV52WslKCkZzzWr6s083qTRARN3IUWwRnulXcf4pGxUT/AF7M0GPn5Fn43dIf+08vxIDbTKHZbhLrp9I7k1pdgQhNsY8FlRGP9aj/APgW5xrs05OW07FCNyFt+Dn296b6hvibW8mGhnpoznjur81FVvmGPqXGU9X7Vq1PZ9fzN40JdOuhLalDakYqx6r1NGt8T9V5KAOMk15vVr8Wu2JVAyqQRgDtiqvM1Ddb6sv3J4lP9qB2FOvkBR1M1ieHextWHUuP1OvL11nx0NOZa2nAzxnPJqtwJUWBKaKXQtxHfP8AtUdOnuBIWTuARt/HvVYZkNzbmG2iUjyaQKm0lprK7lwUWr2Zo93ER1LT7I2lf9mO34qBuFtMl3oFOFY3YqxWG3GdaHkOoUFN8tL+a7SsNRGnJDYElB25zyoVAGIMtmqS5dGZrIK7e4Wtyse1Sel5AVOTvOAe1Sl6saZEkEqHv/mkxLU3EWlYVjFTFgy/3KpKbKrvf4iaMEITbt3B9NZhqBYVMUmrO5ezHhFndxjFUqc913ysUxh1kHZlT+pMpGQVqdmNqUntSaNJ8VZTFxQotooxR1zQnoOyjQMCUilge1JTShXZ5h12jZLiQDgk4zXEc0/gwXnHm/QQCc5rwxGtGSVcw3JPqWDTmiUEOzZDvVdIIQnwn5+TULICo7rwCcLZyFlJxkZxWnWZRat+w8eDURf9OsS4777SCH9pIKf7vgilL6ARtZo/FeVKMUtPuZbMfFydXEbWuMhwY9R3A1CtWeXbJbiwne233WO1WwMMBIUWQhfv5Bp5p6Ku8zHYaAro7crOPOeKgrc/6KJbZePV/wDPvbsejKk3dnY2VoXhWc81HzXX7vN6mwblDukVsLujbSkBLzCdyfPvTpyxwmXEIjspTxxgU3XTo71M9meS+ReCnYmf6V0n1hvk5yvCUjPY1bpdrj2xpi2l7qLWrKvxVqgabdhtfdSCA1jhIqvuW8SL0C4FZHq3UyOpSsxY9x1GcbtpSy2kJaA5+amtPQ4q3mktqC2nVEnPPPtVXvKHZF1aibTscIGfiphgN2+U3bYaVBI56m7ndUdq/IhUSbHsFVgdvqaO49HjQHGpCUKj7dpSU5H+KrrE2320S49nQzH+6BQ7004wcduO3eomHepqnZMZ5wK2j0+jJI/9030TCNxvslsOiK00CtfWSf1D8HwaqKMLIpbkDL63yGFahVgdmKtCY7zjUVI6kpC9qUdya0S2PttTHlFX28hLewoPGc9wKqkPT8q3Xr+qxiyVM7tpT6ioH2pjc72t8O3NJL0dlQbXsT6kk+4/irsATNblhv11XanBLcdDaDhKig5IB+KzzVNv1BqS7oVaFKcjhQIU4rYjPtnzV4u+jBPhxTcpqkyXAlYbb9PTCuRuz3PxVkcnRYM1lp3pksBIjhCeEgcZI9812cjDXUdWnNMxosI9SdCaSVkqIS4vblQAHas5vk6e/a4ri4a0y5LKXdm/PTB7BX+9XzUEuRcpRjqTtkKWVKWoHAHuap+rXHmjLkW95KYzSUp3qH71Acn8ZrhAPue67GrO1OpntydK2mlS4T5dLoQ4rd2Hb08YxSlREW9tQ6oSlSsguEAkfince4uT2WZCQHGcetPkr9hUo25bZ0Rbb0Vzq7eCseaXfGVjLfH83kU733/zGOnoKZ0hMP7oxm3wSiSgj0qBBzzwfxViv5k2NnbH++mwEklcllHIOO5SnuPxURYYrUpmPb4A6EkulIcV2b5yT/irBrC6mxNQbNCWUtNthSVq/uOT5/NSMVpTf0IlVXbn363+Rla0XrZSnpzLE1Lkh47Ww6jnb7CnF+urtwgbEvbyl1YU7gELx5HkDPj4qCdW68t11xLaHM5SW0hPPk8V1s7iP6ZJjNpVuSsHB5Cc/NV1+QXHXU2fivDriOWc7J/8SpXUzhLS8lKTHGN5Hf5FaRpZltt5mFMWFRn44Ljajxk8p/BqvXGD19OXjpYEhtoOjnulJyoD5xz/ABUHpnWLDATFlW8vrWQA+l0hWfHHtXOJtTaj1JRfXh5JrtY/n6mw2e1MrnIEVtl5pCi2veshST4yM4xQ15bJLmiGYtwmoZTHlAqSz+0p9jUHZXy68tTLqEvBXqbS6AsmpnUE5TEtvTqIDrr922POPKOQnJ7j/FTYLewRKv8AVFP+lvPY9akRoCwQLtrCJcrXbg1CSpKFKUOCof3AfNdtSv2FX1Cul5vDzbbUNewozlRKeMAfxStd61d+ny3dO2iM2iWlCSh/uAlQ/dj3ql6F0xK1RLclv5eSFb3gsZDn5+asZj5omkdWQtR365yoDT6FFrahBHBTjFK1PbIsfQy0JDSVqkJeR1E5G74FPX49p+nFuZ6JbZfntkoCjkp5wf4qB1TebQ4/a2Zan5S207jtHBJORROS/wCjIiXrAzH+7MVx5vY8pHnPYiuWqXo9gdjwXjiVFOQtKsqeSeR+c1yhpfuVvhOR1iAAoBLRTncnwanJMqM7JbYnxkvvMoDTyykZI8c/GaISmyYtzgwHL8XlyA6fWhrJLSieP/8AtS0afLRbkSJ5bU3IHSdPcpz2zUNqWQ5ZGFt2uc4590SwGBycnt/FUifc7tZ7JMFyYeS2pOwFXIznxRCaVblt3uzO2+SAYsZw4OP3ClWzR8SLFlNJUgx1Ddu+D4qmaO1qPsjhkJbCACpfFTmm9Vm4t3BthvIUkhCvHNE6Pc6fTHSsGDqeY+3h1oD9MkcJOea1mdIAhPMlST6c7aoH0zbmNSZTNyQG2kDcCPOavrsGI86maXTsCdoSDwaRqw+FhsJ3LLIzhagRRrQlGW+qRElPrG1DQIA/FYLqSZ/ULk6t3A2KwK9RybbHmRHY0cYK8givOOv9EXeBeHlxI5XHUSRg4xU9w/Hqe/GWKLdt3Kg6vIJ7gdsVycuGAEhWwipiHYpwCdzK1K/7QM0w1Bpu57wpNvlD8NnmkkAY6moyWspr5+ocGZ9ylaCQUgU3dsJ3GRGd2eaibWl2LJcakpU0ocFKxgirVFudtZjobfWpSj3xQ4as6WeMayrLQG7qLsc26IaDBlKQknHbvUvaYs56cTOdU42nlI967xpNrf6aWThXvipV9HRYU6F8pHalee21qX1WOtdfPlvUrtwuSkvqHc0wcuLiuK5TV75Cie+abnvVxXUoUdT5zleQuextN1udHXVuD1KOPauNHRVKAB6lczljtjEUae9FRpFdnmLHajAJOByaIdqlLOwlasqrw78BsxjFxmybBWsjtikjkYoCpG7dNsnZ2FRqFhQyKirvDx7N8U+KNx1b0BcpIV2rSrdEipioWFJCvFZe2ooVuT3FTMG7PhSGySR8GoMqh7SCp9TvjM2rG5Cxd7l7alp+4DQVnJ7Crna7OuTHJ7gjislt0kruzCleT2Nblp2b04aeBnFNoulAMQtcFyyyiyvpo3Kua3VLW2yTlSEef58VNQ9Kw7PAcERCUFIzx3P5PmrDMvIDi0I79uKirrJV9ktQVgK8ULWq9gT3dm3XqFc9CUsNrfW6VKBUDxXGbPZYbT1RhwdqdsEIcWCeTzUrYrAzc5P3MnHRjnJHuaLLBWpYyKik3NxWHPmql2ZhKdzaQASTxUC8rE1BGDuRwRUR9TdRSFurYtu1ptCunhP+Kd2VYSzFblKBfKMGvFF63ryWS5WI+K/F5JtPNKdacfCA6DtQQO9RdzDka4GRjKSeceK6p9VwbYSc4ORTuQhMsyWQMuAcA1MBqKliY6tM5DKnXWQhTik7ckZ5q62fT8eL0nrq+RLdR1C2TgIyOxFVDQkaDAb6t0Wd6HQpKR4xzzU3fLzEmpkOyA6kbSesRg59hmuMwUbMkpoe9wlY2Y+iuGXPNujpCIqOCtB52+9dFXK0WufGtrKWmGlub1DbytX/AHK96pOjb9Ehl9T0taJLzhCWyOFJ8DPg1MajfssmGJ80YdYIUnPBCh25Fea7FsG1MlysK7EbhaNSfultevOoGZSpmyBtUp7Aypf/AG7T4Pb+Kioumopvrs6TPkKU36WY/HPyT7Uds1QmTCZkNOBxtQBUCjbtqN1Fd2VXNtbBB6YO878HGOMVJFZNJnqcQ4J7SmFJUpPI/ePcfFY5q5oTZ7kCE6sNqcILaTjirBPvjN5cYYXcn48VGQst8OLVn9oPj81S9eOxLbNaRbluH3cCskfk0Qj3TiZFvm/05EcOvM5SgjsDjvTqPa7lqJ4okfolgkKKeMH/AM1X7Fc3nL00zZ3tz7qQHHl/61YBOuf9aMCzr3NLVhbwGdx880Ts72jRzkHUBluXHotoH7FK4We2TU7rG03O5NwPt22ZS0ZypBHGeMnzioaDDVC1LIjXvfJjObS2pZITk5yCR81f5EKLbZlqcaZWFKTgbXPSf8mvFic1KxjEyTjWi0DepmJtcnD6Uoe6jKSpW5pSeB3PNMrXFdbjBO5SOskOukYKtvf/AGrX/wCowp+o7hCQ2BhpLe5SgclQOQKoOrLQmwrat9ubS69KaVglJygdu+ef8VX2YrKOu5sMHz9V7kWjifqU6+3xuQRbrMyluK4na5JWdzix5x4A/wBad6fgx2Vpbs8T9UFJW6vBUoj/AGHxTQabn/cMsGKtklPdadoSnySamFXe12ZrpWlH3s4cLeUf00n+O/4qIk8eKx+lVNnzXdn6/wD5JP8AphtU3+o2uIoXF1zK2lp3IJ7lScePirXbWtQXm9RJiH2kvtRiFhxoAJUCeB7DGKqOlNQXY3lmVPfSthKwVNqQAkj2+K0DUOqURoy37JE3GYjMpauTGA4UARweOfwalw/9jsyt/UAHwLxr6/n+JVfqlo57UF6s09K0OTnUdGQEcg4/aa0zSmnGtO2foRwOqls5Hbeuo22x0XPTpRbh0n0lKuqOCAPY/Ip/sdkWOV9tJcjTOmRHcXz6vmrKYqQ+v7PAuabFKuysymnCylts5G08nP4NC+t6YgvpVObS2WmwAoo8Dmmrd7tNu0ddGJSFvXiOlKtiQVuIXn92PbvzTrSkOHrC2oTcUZBQQoqPKsjFcDD1PXA+zEWG4s3q5h6K6EspSEMIKsA4/wDJrlfdVRIsiUovla0p2q28EkcYqv8A0ts7Njv06NdgUzY7q2mkPH9ozwoD3xitE1Pom13tjrMxUNy28Ph5PAWoeFe+aQ/fr8nxkSxfxrJWHJ9jczG0yJN0ui5MxhyNACR0SsYJV5NMdSO3C6PO2Jl9h2O8oDOeSP8A3VynzOhEESWy1ubUchRx/FVSVLgR21ONM9JxIUUrHJTVjKzUj06YtMNHTmOvJQ3+5JXwcU7tl2sVukJctLp+2IO5s+D8VUrndZUyKkymitDh9TqT4p5Y4cG4OdFtYBAyRt/aPelb8j4vqXXi/EjOBJbWppf001Ki6XqY9LmNtNAFIZUoAkVbbj9SNOW8faoZlPqbPKkIJST8HOKwaJp6NLmqcj4LyPUlK+yh8fNcr5HKWkzWHnVMIPTWhXGxfj+D/wCKgOYT0st0/Ta17a07H9T0Vp7XunpcWTJ64iupGS0/hCh8/I+RWWa6+oU29yiixsNmGlRSH1pB6ivgVTU25d/086thO6fDV1ACeXGz3H5zioy1SlMS2GnFFKWxgj2NeXyGZdSbH8RRRfy319TTvpJeFC9vR7s2Fq7hRTgoV5Br0ZAssOcx1FsDBA7jvWE6BsqrjqBa2mcxHcObyf3g85/zXpSAhEeGhPbCQKlxASCdRH9RsqMoU7P3MI+pn0js8+c5LDS2ninlTZxn815sl2JNl1JJjPL6jbLm1JV7V7m1OsLzzwaxvV/08stzkuznnHmpKxyptQAz74813IYVj/mKeMb5WHIepl0JLL5SmO2NoAJOO1KvF2ClKCUpHG3ipS4PQbLFXEiJJeHpLiqo77hcdUok81Bi4/M8ml55jzHwViqk9n3ELO5ZV70g96VmknvVmOphSdnZhUVHRV2ciKUntSaUntRCdY7fUcCfeppLC2G8pBqMtpCXsmpqRcGwNpPaq/MdvQmw/TmPWUaxvchZqXXFbCnA8muXR6DfNPX5TS15HemUp3qHak8YpZCRLm+utwd9xmuWkLwVAVK22Q2FHKkg+OahHImVlWO9R8xKmuxOfg00HLdbmftwkrJciXNu6MovcdveCe/FbnY1OPW5txB5KeK8vabQl29MFwk+rOTXqHSkxtq3oQcHsKbrPWpQ5ScX2PuEyytUwdUHGeTQ1OkMxQEq71POqYcSVAp34qi6mmLW64AvcgdqkisrF2lqY2rQTnHvVu0bPKrY8+4vCCnlNZvcpweWUJ5OcCrbY4UyBYHnpbKm28bhmobTWRxf7jOMtobnUOxOd5t1tcb6qWSJL7mVc5xzSL5GQw5Hea4UMc0kT25SW3EEEDxUrOSl6EQoc+Pio8apKwfj9SbOybrmHzDsQo7SUByWhI6u0YNQRcX/AFdB3LQtZ4UD5pyua7amUrWN4T+5PuK5JltXS3GZFaW24heEDHmmpXyetq5Eu6hhlgOHI5+R5qD1zKmyZilSFKSwCU4KdoC/b545qQi3n7WWweUytu10I74Pmoe935Op4j1qKGillzrNyFKO5AHBOPOaUyyvHRl/+n0u/cfJWOh7lQmXFq3guuq9X9oHcmrSi/W2+2xiO/a5n6icrUhZQlZxziq0YVviDqBtT7o/+R7nB+E9hUdOvL6XA864diPShGcZpKpyv+nuajNx0vP/AFWuI9Af+5rulLrH0xp2WywpJgJWXi4+nKtv/aee49q4XW66dvlhE19oNNuHKghPTcJB7cciqNZDdJbQQ2hD0aS0SqOVYKknPIz3PkVys9utd5hfauSpDCk7krKDwMDg4/PcVOmUw/3lRkfp+p9nHP8AwDHt4uOnJOm5rloaXGW2R+pglaFZ8ZPaqXboZlSJLU0rbQWQUKVySSe9NbzZItthlUWdIeSSEqS4NqSffFTbQBZQtDmTHSnaCc7yO1PqwYbEy11D0MUsGiI5hxLdFnyLdHYcZdLKCp9SsH34qbVreHBLMWzx1pShYS64U+rPxVL0uuXqHWwkXEhPR9SkAYSAOAKulwnWC0MOypEFxaHJAUCnGSofBr1ITGsNu7ag1r9nNedYZB3oUocBPcE+9Xi22+XcJy4mr2ylveRGSwcJShP/AMgUPJ+aq1u1hP1RqBuFY4bUVpaSkqc5Vj3yO1dJD0q5aqXYrxIdgN27CC20oqL5Pz4GP9KJyXLRdls8CU9BbckLV1nZDcpz9ys8JwfIFMdWfcxW2Xw+h68BZ6JwDhOfIq7MJjQEREvrjNKbVhJVkcY7D+Kr0iLHVfnri3H6yHlZSQcJz74PiiEr2n518ulwP3zSXCRhxDrYKePjtXbU1nbltWpqKwhJS8sqKUAIzt8gVJarus2wJYYtPSM2UsKdJGUoRjnP+1J/rt4djRFQ4zDQSrk7clVRvWrAiN4+bbQ6uDvUpUKHcVXiVEmNKQGyE7dmDz2wPNT19cumnnrbZm2gId0SEvPq5DZ8p+Dj/epyPdJz+qGGZKG3S40CcjG057ZFXgwIKmUszCl1G7cpK+eaXpxRW5Yy28h55sugUquv5jC325xnTzzVmuIb34TvcGcDzg44ps/a7tDs5XbnBLkMpJ2OKwCfzUfdWnYrl0YZnvO2+MpK4iFHYDn+1Xk4/wDFWdm4yo2no7sRtqVJU6hCUK4BBPJpzX1M+vuK0TZIiYofjNfcTJSU/dSnBhaz7H2A5AFWO6WmMxHDdthlt5SgT0E8ce9QFgn3O1zZka4NxAtw9RltrO31fANTVqvjbEpUNMv7i5qd3utoB9H59sDxVbj41ldxdj1Hr8hXXSyma3nwGL9brguAuc4hIbcU0kYC08AKPviph++rYt6H5SxFD4IaYCQMD5qVcZt+m7VdlApkIKlOHenhRJzzVQtsuNqK7tOTWT1NmGmx+0U5+3r5c9dxc5NhQIT0J3usC3Xu3gXJhC1ZyhwDBrPL7pBiRd3mY8hSLc2AdgPq+RWhL1DbZtwNvYiS3Fx1FJXswncPFR8KMxLE1HP3Z3kYPb2qaRTF9Uzo0GY1FZjFDDfc+5FNLGuU7Nemw2sICCgknbkn2+atVjskvUFxmR5qWkoaJGcck+9MNRR7hpZEdl1SDFWThaEA7DnzSOVWx7WabwOZWh+Kw6+xO1vhOMS8SHmGHkd0LdAUP8V1vElsWuZGdSl5UjASQeywchX8Vn8/qONlxyXvJzsIVnip7R7LTjYClbghO95wrztHnPtSJq0OU1Veb8jfCR0fuTGlJCrU4kpRvKvQsHsQTzULdYsl3XNwt6GkF4vladpwCk8jv8EU5F+Uh1xdttTK46MhLry1blfwDj+KcadCL1qCLcbghTS+qlKy2cBKRwAB7CujrfKR2EWFVr+vf9iehPowhyBbDGktglvsoe58Vqbq1FHxjOKrunYsRqO2mKE4SnJx5PvVkbIW0R8Va0JxQCYLyd4vyGYDUpOrJgSUoJwo8Csr+okuVEhFLTmFYySDVx+pEtMdzcVftrGdY6k+8ihvJ3Hiocissw/iSYFoStx9mU2Q+48sqdUVKPvXGiCs96LcBTAdV6i64d9p3qGeBSdw7V0LfUb45zTRDLiHRxlOea8G9YxX4m5j+Q6ncjA7UmpP7QuMFXbHY1HLG0kHuK912Bx1FcrEfGbi05UpPak0pNSRSd4oJc480+XCCk5JJqPZUUqyPFP/ALxRTjgVX5QO9ia39PvXwKse5E3JKmThPemEH7lTxKwcCrF9sl85Xk5roG2WGzkJAHvS4s61LhsUs/LfUg5skMI9XGKjI5Vc5QaR6R/cfYVKXGKJh78DtSrDA+0mheODiplYKu/uJWVW23Bf/pk0NOC1QW5StqV90pJ9SvmrtoLULM5QirWUPjkoPxVVmuB+Qtx1zIHAyarjF0Ft1GzJjBRQ2fXt9qMe5i2jOeYwKhWCg7E9DpC1PelRCVVV9YoEdK9pIJFdtNawt10TtbkIU4hOSOxFVXXuoo5fU11klY4xmrAGYs1sDoiUli6Fi+tFfqCHAce/NejLfcmrpamigJLZRgpNeTZ0hZnKfbzgHvVs0vraZHWlhpak54wTSOXjfuAOJ7ltgZRw+rF6M0lESObnIbY9O1ZJSBT5S3C9sPKFjH4qPscjqOFxz/qK5J96knchW8ftBzU+LQaE4k7ivkcwZdvMDU43IIfgqQGwpY9NBlpLMaKlK0NoQBuQOKeJbaeIcSoJHk1ymW1t6O6tp8HjwaZiEd2xlmBeDIw2rqpwlR5FVPWgjW2O85AtzP3b2UApO3Z5KhUvpxwzA5b0Jy+yNwUo8EVB6liPNSHv6ol1vslopyUjJ5OPPFLZP+m9S48H3k8C2t//ALmZaivxW2lqO4d2BuTtwUnyPmpW1aeMluO/dZCXQUhX27auwxxuV4+cU6k6StUl11S5DyMg7VJwrn5HtUppVLaLa62kubW1BtJWkFQ47HH+/tST2KK/8fuamjDufLP7vtSOu+pylzTFeEaOB13cbFIH7ABjj4AFc7Xb1QSTFWtKykhS88qz3NHcYgE9pzZvU0o7geMp81PhCJEZlUaOQhQz1GskD8ilyfx6l0lQNhZ/r1/xK/q2229OmnJyytMhhYTtSfSoK4wR/rms/tlzMRp9tttTilqyhRNaJq9ba7W/bEraeW8tI3Iydm05z8HxS/pnpWKq6Bya2h0ITlIUnIBptL/29PJxMl5LErzc4rUR6G5T2rguzx3EPoU1NUr9T35rhHddvU9huY+r7YHKU/8AaPJ/NXP6tWMTLqJcRraSQk4GArFRulbK2L6hCwoZbVwRwTipq8sPT8v8Snu8a1WSKCfc0DRrtugQlRtPRy7cEJy484P2J/7vmrXLbhQtPTp9wbH30YdREkgAlQHBJ857VI6HgW6zR30Ry2uQ6gqeWe+ME4z7CqRf9MXPUMq4LmzW/sS3uaQ1khKj2H8cc1Hh5TXk7nryOFXjMAsk7XdJ930sm/XliMlhhBc6LS/UrHnmmFwvsmDp164x3G1JU2VoaI3bee2Ke6N0PK/oabZebkp+OkhS46EbEq90k9yKktTaWS9EdUw2OkElBQkenbjHFWMqDMthzLhlM8gSFr9RGcgirxHvsq4txY7cduMsdsDGajNMtw9P2hTd5Yed2HptlA9zwOalps23SG2WIzK2Xx4Jxz8UTkeJmPR7g6TFLjzaD6kHBz7U9jmd/Rn5jj6XHFJy2hDmCn//AHVRddnwypguNhpY/e5z/rXG4XZiZbYzFmjkvk9LaF5BV25H55onZbLhp2FqXT0Ga1MLFwhoL29asJfPcpV7eQDTr6Z31eoUIahpEdpg9MuSPUkr+B7CqVqCJKstgXFj3KOZTiNoTt2qBPHp9+9SOn4sPTUBpo9ZiRtyF5yFnyaICWC3M6pOtnnLotsr6hQl1n9gQCQABV3tH9O0zquc+p/LkkpVtKd3qPfmsr1Rr9+0C3x7EW1S5H/VU4AVJGP3D2yaudquT0fSL90+0Tc7mpxH6Z8f/auAzuppQtcKdbZ9nnpP2srlKkn1JPcEfg1nP030jIt06U9OfU8hK1NI98Zxn4qfh6ripgM3C6TIUVe3CW+ulR3eeBQvFwVd7YlrTbyQt/8AVVIa7EeQK4HB6ElaixV5MpAj20IFiVMdDaX+SWxjJVUTZrCY9xN2fcLiJDhU40ONue4qyWm29Kzxt7ikyNhS4pQyPyKjoMlMa13B0r3tMoUNyuM/NepBKU+5BgSpaLTHcW5JeI6iU56eTUBc9Ild+CbxID0ROFKQ4eK0XRpi3K3qcDfTWBu4Heqvq+KxeBOkfcKQlPpSUnyOK8udKZLQCXAB1M81enT012RarfGQ29kFC2WwSMfjxVPf03MhQBIQ2AytWxTrq9qR+fitH0xomfaboxc0Kadjv+lRWeRmtcn6a6ui70yUIJeiLS2kjI3FJx/rVO17WWcVHU1tbJh0bsbk082RYFtabaVcdRQ0qSP+lHBcx/irxou0Wy67o1rJlvJ54SUf71mFut8W3Qw9cgfuQcdLOFA+2K236AREC/8A3Km1gFokAjhOa78YZtS3F7V4zXdbA3ND+l9nvdsXcBdyoMKUOglSske+PjtWispKGFn4qJcdkPXT0p2tj/WppXMdWParateC6mAzMk5VptI1v+J58+uMtUdDqkHkDivPzkp1/BcNbR9fipSygHuqsSdbPTIFLXt+Wpc+KoHxlyIoSUpyM5oNkur4PFNGoayvJJqQjx1I4Hn3pcy4pDN9aEcRHg26EKPer9bbE1Mhhe1OSO9Zz9q6qahSuEZrVdKvoZi9Nbg55GaXt61LfCPIMCPUgpNvMcLb29qqc5vpvq9q1W5IaUFujaTjBrMr0U/drSnwaZwmJJEpP1PSnxq49yMo096KjT3qzmIi096PPNJFKHJryyhvclqtes/gY5Q+UpxnFNpIU8QEqPzzSZB2skimrUlSTn/zSTKhPU09F14r053HpT0G+fURVisUduTFUVgIx3JqrqmBQ2qAFScWY83F2t9v3GlrVOtS78fcgbv1JBy3Rgs9d8lOeeaYpgQUyVmMjKCPJqNbuPXdUNq3FE8ACnLjE9pG5BQhSudp8V4CEdbjLW1W/kq71Gj6HbVIU/CUEL58d/g1XTGmXGWp97K3FnJJqRXeXHHi0+2lSkHBI81IfcFllDvTxu7U0GdBqUT4+PlWfIPQkWuG4wnMgYSRTZpbbT7akkDChSrlNkTFlCckDnAqIdK+sAc5FT1A77lX5CxOJVB1Npsc0bEZOQpIFXGKouxMJwoYrG9N3ZaVNpcB4rR7ZLd+3W8wogEdqalBJoNKbiKCQfORXO0g/YdjkrORTWz3d195bTqP1PBPY1KRnhIYeS6301IVjKexohOMKE7FuKX4qdxXwQPINV/6jS7mm4yWFlxLUdCFEJOMlWeCfP4qZu92mWhKXI8dLyRzk+Kr0l246oeExCSqKHPWgJ4ScYAJ/wA0rlkhOpe+AStsg8yPXW5B2ueiQzGb+3Uh1KiHCDwoZz2qP1FDucPV7kizhxMV4oKUp5SpJA4I/wAirNAtkuRcunCgNKU0cuuOoO1Iz/FaHEtdrSlTgjfrMpAT6jgfOKVxqy5J+pfeaz0oRa+W2B31KVGs/wB9GLrpXFeUnYUuDOffA713XbIrBShDReDY/TUCU4PuR2/zXfUcNz+r2xbc0KT1dxSPz2pxNfSiczHCFtIdJGT2J8U3VjKnvuZ3O83kZf4j8R/UrdxtinWSChRUeyvNVtmZd9OXRuVGcUpP7HEryQUn496vd6iy2WiqI6pt9rnKecVBanWXLCl+SgmUUgnA4JqZq1YaI6lXVc9TclOjH7okz2S+l0PMjLiR3T/inNlDqlsvyGEBTPPoGKhdGsGVpSKtkLQ4FL3g/wB2FHkfFOzOkOJd/pj6d7AKnGFp5P8ABrgrULxA6no3Ozcye5e2tQSpgMCJbozJcSE9RGSrb578dqf3e5IsjSIkSA7JddKMtNrwceT/AKVQrlPfbsrdzSoR3ekCrYcFPvRfTe8Olp25gqWkOqSXnFDHt3NeUqrpH4jUkay3IbR2xmnxpcuYpiU0huNAdOxXUUCoY+fFVy7zSjUK2Icx0w2h+o225uQT8mpa3ahtkx122NqakSpII4z01HGe/YGiYtUW1WxtBbS44jK3dh5Jr2jq3qR3Y9lJHyKRv+ZEXWA5do33C0IaaZ5TgdiOxxVdvDMdMOOVykOyHMn090kVNSXW7g6t6KtxWcoLYOMfmqfc7O/BmSLg8gqQnxng/Ar3II3uV3aucpqE28+203jqqI5V+Pak3B20Wu4ifbZCoi22yBHA3BSscKGexpi6cl6YY4aRt9OT3NVC33WROu+JqCekrhtKfANEJLvT5d5v7Q6inZalApCzhKcc5PwK5aovN3mKlMSHwREwFqQsY59sVzNzSL269LU4obCG0N4BANNo+9stQnYaG4UpZWp5Zyrb3wT7iuN0JJWpdgo+4+j2F1SGJTcpanSgL4bKsD5q2Wm8Xa0wXnWZMl10p6Z8IAPxTK3XZlLshTqwApnpttNfuVyMZx2rrBuLzqXYLTKFbMuK3KxtT71TXX2n1PouF4vCqUHWz/P9zlbcTXCEEJcJyeK2L6fXeNaWkNyy8OgoN7AMhZVzWTsQnoj7bzjKGGzgpcB4UCMgk1YUasuEa6JNujx3Y7JQXHXU7kLPkD/3XKbOD8pP5DF/cYpqA7PqaNrxvUIv8ZbNyWizvKSUsoGCkeU5qd1IlsWUNxEH7dbYbcA7ZPmuFwuyJaYynlJKlgLabSM96a3q5NoLMNKgFOHc4irpTyGxPmVlbVsUb2J1VLZsOn0FlQ3NowPnNVHTpZMWUl9XVLqupt9uaPWE7qhttsgRtpCxVO/rKrZbHHIxBUDgbvIrs8Szaq1QzGnQYLbnSaTgkBWK1zTN2hXm2sMtSEqO0ZGe9eRNRIcuD7c8uKUs9xmtR+gQki6OPOBwtBIHOcUjkWmojQlxhYwvqYs3YEv2svppYrlqSPcwzueTw6hP7XD4Kh7ir9p6xRrYhAjtpbTjG1IxSIMZKZrkjduStXY+KnnM9Vo9k0ytan8tRN8u0J8PLqKcIQrG3k0+bAUyrtyKS6G3BtHfFJQCgHH7RUkU6mH/AFk04mUCsjtzWBTLV0M7lZr0Z9a7+3ChPbiBxjFeb7jeA8ydoBUaQuUl5rvGWKMUn7nNDISPBrrHca38kZFQbl22ApPBNdIL3UfTlWU1E1WhuO05m3AEsUlIW3ltIz3FdbQ/L6wRjgHtRsPNpaAJGal7SEhW/AHnNLMdCXlSB25gx88XExVlZxVEuR/5pZz3qxX66AFSAok9uKqjqiolR81YYdRUbMyP6lz673FafURQHFChT0ysUORS09+KQntS0HCq4fU91jbATq9HLjRAoRLeAklQ5p224kN9+aH3CQkhJHNVDMSTPoeNVX8ak/xK/co+18bQSM1MpJ/pbqGgd6gBn2FdEMocySB+adRnG221oJBBGBXC2xqSVYwRi2/cd23YYTLsWO2jppwc980ylvrmYbSAF5ypVM4iJQm7WULLRPKRVhVZXWSl5DYWg/uSlXIqIsAe42p5V61oSGhWlhqSN6E9Mq3KUadakZZesiDHSkrSokbRzj2p6/bJSUlTbSlJ+DkinOnbG+lKnpY27s4Qe4/NTVozt3E8vJx8WhgAO5n1vtb7oUtCCATySK7o08ovEqQd3vWuxLWzhQ2jj4rhIhNDd00gEVaIgWYDIymuOvqZ7AtP2ywpSTV6sg2RMdgKVGih0EKSPTVscs0ddm/TTsWU9xUOTkjHGyNyfAwDmEgHWpW4ymOsvprRuPbFS+UoRsUMpUOce9Y3cYsuPqRLcJ1zO/Jwa1CyXYOPsxpEdRdIwVCpqrBaocRbJxzj2GtvqOVTorFtkMSXQknIBcGakdMwlWjTxigNux5yisLAqvaxjtSIzzbQwU5zxTzTz7remobalqXs/vz+34qSLg67EZ6us79kjIet0taw6PWoE+n4qUskl56wBDjfWeQkfqZ5PHmntt/5x1UO7rLjOdzYI5PxT3pW+2JKmELKN3rZ3dx7CuAanSSx2ZW0/aTA0tS9slCgCgjkfNKkQpV0DjSSXHWVZQT/AGgUSnWHbyt5hsssL42nx7GpWZ1pDAYhxcKPKnmskqrs5IltMxENK5kRSykkOFIPIHamF3YhzLc9FS6pDhTlCFp707ur+pbY1GgxZDjCHljf6QTt7+afTL3pxhthu9Q5EeSogdVpG7OfOKISkzosy26WjohqJcaGSpPGOc4qH0FIly9RvSrstIQWy2lS8JyrxWqPxorhdissl8A+gjgkfiq9ftHIXE2oWlkOK9JKsEH2rk6JXNVwZFxls27cW8rBUM4BTmg40LTG+yZyiIhfIzwV9iR8Vwi2OdZJLLrhUtlBKy+tXpSrnHycdwBQk2uZHmOOpdafaBKVjyCoZ81WZT8m4/U3XgcUVUfKV2T9yfsyjBebnJSVbSMY8UvXWrrrHtrzNsaMdoBL33mSdw4/Txjg5/0qNj3P7G2FtC+q/wCGE/uJ9j7ChYU3CdLSxcnGzGfP67BGUFHt8VBTY1Z3vqWnksSrMQVkfkBHVlRqG5wLcvrIjxnV5WQkJUs+5o37eiXeJKYVxVL6SsdAEnKvxV4+wdENLVmDIYgY2reWMYI4J9v5rhYLdZbDf3pEi6xXZMgbkto9R3fBHFXKMGGxPm99DUOUcdiU+XYY8R3dfrqlL6PWIqfUsD22iqLCvTL+p5EuFHdjhZ25Cd3GeCR4q+2jR4st6mXzUkxCIyVKdShR3LcyScAeai/p+3HnX65z/wClqcZBU42htW3jOea9SCIuOmXLvPVMYaQClIQvjGT7gVAXnTUqIGwoL6ygShsjP84rbrfHkotE2/ORXFFSShqK2jt7E1B6Y05ORZJ17uQaakrXlkygccnxXD6npNhhr3M807CRCsHWcTiZIJGD+4IBx/AzXFQXCkCQ0UrStHTcQpezIzn91ONXpkWy/OyFPIdaPClMqCgnPfjwM1x6iZ8NxtIT1O4/+w96qHBDE/U+jUMr0rXrTAbkmu9GSptCCptkjZ0lL3Fs+QfcfNXi0RYkSCHGtmwp3KBOdvHNY/co0qDGbuMNlZbaPTkoIOAM+k/juM+/5pcW+3PUj6oglKhQsY6DXbHz5UfzQaARzB6nF8oUf9u6nn9f3PRcCcw3YIExjoLfdaKm1E8AZOBz5qPjR1pDkuUd8lZPc1nNt05K/pjQMtCYiV4T1FnA+ce9XWLLU6iS3IQ6h2MkDcR6XR23A01Rkr0hlD5XwrqrZIOzvZH8SF1TdG48VaXf4rMNUXrcygMq49gatWu5SUxSVnZ7ZrObfH+9DhUdxzxnxTbuFG5n8XGbIfgIUK/SmnEkEKQk/tNX+x/ViTalJDcLDeMK2q5/is2dhLQ4raRgGkpZKlBBOPc1AzK3uWVeO1X4/c3u3fXdDEZPXhyFObz6Ukft8HPvW0/TL6o23WKFslh2LIbwUpfxlafcYNePY1lQGW33ZDSUk+lGCScVoWgmXYN3EjqlDqkFLZB8+KhbK4+pZ0+BFqkt0dT2NHb3q3JIKfiu0tSWozijwAk1jf0S+pMi9NTYN7CRKirwHE//ACpyQDjwfer3q/UsaLb3UocBOOeadRww2Jm78R6LPjYTzh9dLmZl3TGCspB3EVkUlxDYPIq260n/ANUvUqQO2doqlPQXXHlbiQkntSTHkxJmnrrNNCqg2TIicoqdz4p/a3RjbTs2ZbhwEnGO4pAtzkd5KfHivRZSuovXj212cyPcsVniLkOJOVHjirM+6IcXbj1YpGjYQWhAWQa6axYSzu2k/ik0HOzU0eQTjYZsHvUqcp0uvKV4rjmhSTVyo0NT5q7F2LGFQoqOuzzFJ7UYok9qMUTo6MeNoy3nPiot5t8uegHFSLTxAwcU5SpCQSrvVbcCp3Np42xMioID2IySXG2cEnOKjzIeWo7M8e1T6W0voIHaiTDQ0CQAKhV133LC/HtK/gZL6WkJaZHV4X5z5p3c9QssghODVUky+gCEKwrtkVFF0yCSs81F+3DPznr9wUq+I+5fbHqJmQ7g4q6xFofby32rz5927CmJU2SE55raNFTg/ERuOcirirRHUw2bzFhDGWthlpLCwchWOKjvt9jpVjKT71InkcdqQ4n9NWO9SAaiZbcjX4/TPURjHnAq1251h63oG9IO3FVuM8F72nAB4ooCujJU2onBPFL5OMLwAY5g5xxCSBvchn7M0nUMiSEgNnsccVN2q0BLC5znp2g7DjvTl8x0oc66gn2NO4cptdqTEKto7BXuKguR6KeNXuN4tteXlF8jQBlTlTWZ/wBxEjgpkgZII71F6cuyYUlNpl+rrLxn/tqf/prkO7uSEJ6je3BNRUu0NsXAT9hLmdyfimsd2esM40YjnVV1XslR2I8lCQb8GFLKmWBuB7ZqXlS2C63lG9ShnJNNkvofbS+4jCiMEimMtCXnGW23Ubt2UkHmpopJtL8FSVt/ZLDrg9KgeBXO2XC52hZjx3AWHTlSCAT/AAfFQ0ee+u7JZkcBI2pwO3zXaPIbj35aX3gN+OVHzmiE6aqlmffYEll55oRiOqkKyTjx+KcX2xi6xhOlOoXtOU7cZwO1PP6lpSJNeM989RR4SjCgVGukK4txIJTHhJkokr2IWVcpHtiubneJ1vU5W5UN23LnNPPJmhOOmAQAB/8AamOom/v4cFcdl4PqXu555B96fap1LF0fDhMi2NyJT6sdJS9v5P4qt3PUV2vMQSHg1Fisnc10RsCfg45NcZgo2ZJVU9rBEGyY110t54NQpA2LYG1Se2F8H/YiqU5ekoU3HxgpV6zzk/Jp5eruuVfwt4uKW82nc4s8uLA5/wBP9qi2IRemub2tzaiefzVSyguS3qfQabHFCpWNEaBEtkCI1LYDgUkOFWBk9/iuF7vzVmaZQG2/3bFAcZ9/nt/vVHkahvbCWrV+nH529VKMLWCeCVf+qsLNhMyS064+ZriSAnq8px75rjUhO3Mkq8k+WDXjJoj2TNM+ntwg6oeukXepH3DAQlB4BHbj3IpzE05pWz3OLBkPzn58RW8htjKTnkDOaqltQq23BhqXJSy4+FNNob/clJBBVx+0exqY0R9x/wAROW6cp2WvaQxMVyTjwo0xjXhRwMp/NeKtvJyEOyB3LbrXSkjVbMSQlr7fDgCQo4/T+aY2eFpv6fXJ2PPmS3ZD7fpQ2zuT/wD5VPauSmxy7UT9y+t0FCg2o7QfBIpGorIzNsTcya4zFk7gWOooEnnkVYzGyevMiMx9NpT1tkL9Sd4cSMFJ8CsHeu10XBcRe7i++6SBGS4eAnyQK3uX9rE0TIaUpmY4I/8A0GTx88+9VW0aegazhLH2DkQNtYacHqIV71FcpZCFj/jL66MlbLR1MWLe4YdAU2rvnzUdIji2Smm2SdjgKkD/ALfj8Vttk+l0tlqTIn9JYYJ2pByFe34qX1f9Nm7tpNEWzNRm7wHUvbyOCACCnd471XV0WaJ1Njk+VwwyhW2f5/iYylx63wizMSG3ZqC0htfO5KuCop/7R3/iho3SMJq6uuxS9OaY9K1oGEbvbPmtt0XpePao4haghMz7iRtSrbvKUHwSac6ssDVp0+2zpqMiGtDwUpDSODmpK8ZivvW4ll+bx0sJ48mX0ZksK2Sr3/zUrfBiJUehGCDwM91ec/mrE029EgOIcWpxK+EZTitEix3Y9l6shAemAZIxzVV1hIWYbQaaUZLvG0D9tSJicWDExXJ/UXy0NUF7Mx3WkF+cpLA5cJzx4FNrTpqWxBIYb6ivKR3rT7HpZYm9SVuWpQ81YxpmQ3ObVCQNmfUD2pt0DjRlBiZTYz81nmK4lUa4KbcaUjBwpKhyKJUVOCrqAZ7V6k1N9J7Zqh1qSSpp9Awst8bvzWAa4sbNj1PKtsQnpMFIOTnBxzSjpwEv8XJXKYjXcqzc6al4Q0+tpPIB8VoOmZao0FUiSy8W0H0Lz5qnS7e4txEiKtJcQANo8irZAu7bNlXGkW1/7cgFxe/JB9wKWu0QOMvPGh6Xb5Cf6nOIm5MWa8z47zkcpb3oWg7T355/muugZt5u4LE6dMdjqztClk4NOrncoqNJrgwpLMh2YQhLaD6kjyTU39OmWbHHcFx3BQUFISeK8c2VND3Pd1FTW/K3YAlXv1rXbJakuDzz+ahJCkIwo5xVt17dGZ849IgnOTiqfIG5GO9PVJyTbjuZK7Oem4pWetyXtCw72A9s05uFsEkggAEVEWhWFhIzmrky4hqNuX3pCwENoTbYTpZj8rIytDht+dxIx2qO1HcfunCMg5rjcrjucUlv3qJXlRJJ5p3Hx+P5tMv5fzAtU49XoRFJNGKI09MtE0dIBpQohDpQ7UmjTRCdEeKkW2gtHyajE96kWFK2Dmk8v1NH+nm/yMDHrDXTRgdqZT5IaWQc4NOBKSlO1QAFQ16cS7+00gi7M12RaEr/ABnC4OBScg8UxjvpGceaQ4f08E5pqElKvSeaaVBrUz9t7c+UO5J6hSAcZNX3QFwVHCG1q/FZ+/uwCe4NWCwvkOIUk47UzWwUalPl0NcxYTdY7wcbChzmh1srweKh9Oy+rGSCcnFShGVmmJTep3MRCj1ARmkoaStRBHIpSFEnAOBSQoNu7RyTXIRlcAtLK0qRvSfiu0NxRjt7AC32x7U8JUUqBRkAUi3qQham22yN3OMcV2EaNfcC6K3OZZKcAV0lpcaSESEYbVwFmpAtKASsN7Fg85oXdblwiFkBKQn2rwd76kqKhUlj3KmG5Ee4FCl7oxHKaYs2qNFvqZJcWdwOwKPCTVhtyVOyFR30jCRwod6aasxGjhgNBWBu3HgjFeidDc8VqXYKPuUeXeH4+plvow+G8p27sDdUHqy2XCRZkXmS7kl7YtKVnKM9jUjZ0NylOOlO0k78fmn916T1plNPZ+36ZOM45HI/1AqrOSxcbm8p8JSuM2vZEpEFhxKUdR5Yxg5UrO35q+uPXSLpCTMiuFl1BCw6OTx5BqsWmN//ABSstpcBV6yDkgeDVseL1506/bIi9n/xgD/tGPFdWwm0SOzDrTBc6+pV7pNn3yTZ33n3Zc18BJcUM/xVy1Ul6NHYtLzDkdlkJUlwHlwkd6faUtjGlLCl3UMphuS3ywj+4+2KzG4Xu6ydYqdlPOPddYQlDh42E8CnLqzYuhM34vMTEv5OOvX/ABJuREEmI4WkKX0hlK8ZII+a7aXhvT3yW1NoSAC6Vqxt/jzWqu2SNGhwm23GYqXAlS0lWcDyfmqjqiRalalfftiXnWglCVLZQMFY4P8AFJnHsCzTVeZxHv1vQ/mU2dYnZl5XKmRpKICGz9sthsrB2nncR2JyT/NaBCiwothYMdlpuY+3lnf6jkjgmrVa5bcOPCZmPxY7LwKw0D6lH5rq7AiNXVc6SGgypI6anCAkY9qY/bctE+pTDznwq61r+RPuZ9Z9HORoomXV2T986dy1KTuwr5NXHSWyyzV3CevchsEoUU8FR4H+9douo4lzkSxOkJJZ9KG0oISfmu14kMv26Cz1WUo35wk/4zXBiAPy3Pb/AKiLY7UKmtjUdTLqq73FhtbS94O7cTnP4pC9PSLgl1xC+oWlBGCrJyo4wKY3i5RLXNjvOSMJSnYlLY5Uasv0uusOJb3nJrgK1SVKAXztCuQa8eRutpp5UjZmepUMfylwtWjRGtAjqcSXVcOccEeRTKyz22parXb4jkZhtRSpw8FeO9SVz1VbrWShE1t2TJ9aE79wT/6FZWrVFwd1wtXW2xG+QlI5Vk8k1D4y6+5S1s64AmpT2nZLb0L0xY5UP1Ar1OGuc1Um1tN22zqH3CkblOqGcUxjXe3Xe5Q2l9RBa9XP9xqWtE7N2m/f9LqFW1sA84q2kXuNbPClR7cX5DyBNcVhS104v8j7SF1HMKVjCTjuaRqN5pmO5tQXw0oLWlPcUG58e+x44iM4bbwTu8UTkYmQGLKqY9w4U4ye1RVltiZrSJj5ClE8V219dWDBEJBQXFKACUVIWpceFYGFHgnjGfNRC5C3DfcYOLaKxaR1O7ENn7sI2jI807ujKo7SftkgqPHaubzqGUtLRypWDTifObZayrGQM17Vw3qRvU1et/c7RVCBEDjqhuI5rzF9aLhFY1k49CDanX2sugD+7JAJ/itg1FqpPQcbUoDA7CvOVzxI1TJdlFbwU5vKsZ48UvknS9y48ErNd+J1HenDbJTLglBTE4n0eEmpJ63SEocSnlvG1R+KK3wFXSSlmDEUpSlYTx/rV2uVsk2IMIX05DKkgOA9kKH/AIqrIJ7E31ZrrAqc9mR30503CU4865Bb3BQCFKGfFNfqTDVCkbmVFKT3x5padUrgvkoICc8J9hVf1PqE3Y4PY1Jj1WGwMfUzPmMyoI1SnX9SuKO4kkkmk0on2pNXUxYM7Q3Ay7uOKeTbmpaNjZ4xUYaSSRURqUnceHkLhV8QPUMnOSeTSfFCiqWIwj2pNGTxRUQnMd6WDSB3pXiiEVRppI80oHFEItPvThp4gAZGKag0ea8OgYRrFyWofamOHlpKe/NRUtxPOadqTmoa4xns5STj4pEV6Pc1DZnyV7XsxJUFr4p8xCUsZHioeM24h0E571aYKglrkHJr2ykjqK1XAMBYJGTIRCcGu1rjqbbWrcMIGcE810uLwHYZApDTgLJPbiottqWHx18zL7pC4DhBVn5q7bk43ZrFLJcvsnzlWE54zVjlazabY2hwFeOAPNPI/wCMyuTjkWnXqX564IbcHqFd2VdR9LgVnFYu/qd958KzhFaxo4mXakvAkqxnnzUVuWtQ20no8VZc3FZakuZb54oNKSlSSkDI81HOTOg2A5we3NPLcQU7xyDUtVq2ryWJ5WK+M5rf3DmS1qXhIz+PNJYlJcV03kqQo8Z96duYCStKATn2o2drq0qU3t+ali0aOssMz0FnO496z/X8v+q3CRFaf2oZO0lPGSO+fjx/BrQbzebdZEl2Y4hKfGeSawS6zzLusyVGfX03nFKSoccE9iKUyGJGgZf+EqVXNti7/iTNqRHgZEp9wfphKSlO7djxTe7R5d3HSBMaGk5Ce6l/Kv8A1UlYgmXCSpSCVYAIxnBHelyprUJhRRtKk8KOQdp+fn4qsBYNse5uDXW1IDnS/wAQaRsyrW4oZW849gbQOwBzmrrYJcWFEluux235ENS0oOBlSScp5rKLhebm9JiSLK+844nlQaSfT8K96tOj9QOKuDkbUihFS+kbVqb2pznPOO2c96nVGDBmMrrcmp6HppU9Dr+5E3RM3VWso7s07NzmEoH7UJFWPUGkRP1TBXaVJUmLjrKIwBirvaNPwbdd3rhIShxhKdyMf5poLvHvCJjlvc6DZy2EAcnFWwnztgQSD7lY1rGXqS6R7db5PMdHqcQTjPtTyyWWJbYzdnMxpyc8cqBOCBXGzW+fCcmSozY9ORk1TPs5twucmbJWsOJOAtPj8V5ssFalmklFLXOET2Ze4emYdi1GJMyV1Gc/poUdwB9qkPqK1Ku7EFDI3JQ4FbU9gKa2LTDl+0y2iRJd6pezknkp8U7usly32VECItLslB2rUk9hUGPlLfvj9RnLwHxAOZ9xm9CYtMUPSElS1oCcJpFtdZLIZLStxOd2aQtao0JP3R64IytJOeKZzZQnIactoLSUkcU1EIz17IBbYQ2vK2nAuk27VIVbz0mHAMc5PGah9aOuNtJWTlZ4AHvUdZ31QbYluakkuH0kD3o1OiTtkujaLkt+W4es6eMq7D2Fd5mpUW2bIewVvqHpT4qjXhhwOoKQrdvG3FS4shlRC+uRhxsALB5xS1toq6lv4zxrZpJ+hOv/ABpe1vOSmJBYcPGE+K0j6X65TMuyWr3KSiUsjpuOcBR9vzWTOW4wm+q68FNE4AQOVH2p9ZCt2cztYB9SSgq8EH/alfnbe5fDxlfH4iujPT8rUMS13d2G9ufelAcDnipOa2uIgItrZb66PHGKojN+tF5mR5QARcmEhLjKxhQI+KubN2eU+29IThrG1IxjFWCsGGxMhkUPQ5VxqZ/pzQ13Go5NwuL63kknphRJxmtCbiri25770DagZSKl1SnkJQptOEKPt4qL1AV/aqcWchQNJHD3b8u4+PJ/4hUR0JQbVqabdtVfaRm/+WZOFH2p9rPUH9NeLa1gZTnmi0+9Ft8p58oSkq5zjmsx+q10VdbmsRiSAnaMV4x6rK7jv1GM2+q7HXXsCQOr9Xpw5scBJ7YNVzTGslW6Q45IaCyvg5SFcfzVfvMGYwrdKbUkDtmosZHinbAHGjE8G18ZvkSbjYvqXEZmFSmUthScZSnbXDU/1EF4lCNHCQ0nufJrGkKUam7Ra3pGHWxnFLMioupd0ZN2ReLANkS4yXUuNFzxioreF521Ix2g/blp7OI4IqvWxxRkrSs5AOMV4otKAyfyeAMhlP2ZIUKeyGcMhQHFN0R1rbK0jKRTiXqwmdyfF3UHWtiN80VKKcHHmknippWwUk9qM0kjjvRCFQoURohEUB3oUBxRCLFHRJo6IQwaOk0YPNEIsUCgKGKIUdeWQNJqb3qO1M4qjpBziu7YwBQ5o8V5CBRJGyHucTnIaSsc4piphYVhI9NS8VnrObVftpzJjpQ2cAAAVXu4DaE2OJiu1QZ/cqsthYBxUOoEPnd3FWptpT61YHAqJusNTTm4dqlrf6iGXjHXNRGyB6Sa0z6carZhwVRpCxvSOx81mDKXFrS2gFSlHAAq1MaWWIwWSoOAdxxRbQtw4tFlzGxf8iiaG9eG7jM2pWMZzVutSlhgBI9OKxTTrb8S5pYc3Yz3NbVGeMK2B3aDxUV1q4SBEhjY7eWsa209SSUVlkg8Gm0iQ709iAc/FU6Tqd5c9LaElKSeat9rkoW2gqI3Y809U/yIGlPk1ft7DWp3Mo109NVdRGntltKcqbJ7KB81U4rRIW0kchW4D4Nb1qK2M3pbDchkLS2rcCDgj+aqmqtOwoCQ7Gj4e2kBKeM/GKWsrcE6mhws7HNaBjo+tTPU2++Si/Etkt5lhXrc2qKUnA7nFIslgZchI3vFTqhvO09yfn2rXNOpcdbWHYSoiemjYgpIGMc9+9TEWJFjb3Om2MJOR0wa8AO1XUaZ8anOK2d9ddzOW0N2yM2X5bESOj1Iawd7qh/2gd+fJ4pV3IvMJT6mtr7p3bT/AGkDA/yKuE63Qbm62ubHDgQcgjgiugsUFaSWTtx2SpZFQPQ4+paYvlsW0lSwA9ARGnp7iNMxmJSeo6AWyf8A6jtXHSDLDFzeQGQEhw7Rj3qTYZRHbSlW1ZQMYT2pozJYtjrsx5OFZyE1ZY6kVgGYfyz1vlOavUtiLGwia4pa1hDgyUJPBP4rkdNwY8N2QpHSCsjChVfsN9luXFdweCukrhKPYU+l6h/qHWbdzsJ4+KlZQ44mIV2NWwdfYk5BkW+3wOiHQp9YwjanGOKqEmEiK2tppsKccPKx3NSN3dtkOyNPrko624DGam7dbIjkJqWiQHVuJ7Z7UouOMdG+P3LL90cq1Tf63KmiB1IxYEXCdpyv5xVXhLQhlSWW1B5kkKSRW0ItPQj78p2gZ4qmXBi1tSF7H0dRZypIIqDx5uJJtjfmDjcVFIAP9SjRIzd8kH7mPscQfbiut30q64hpDYIRuBBxmrJHdbkP9K1tpSocKUeKvVrtSjEQ3MCVOKHpOKtJQTH5OmnZJ9G0qa8/NQiHxDbuUOcQh1JTtIH762025i0XANOIK1Pn81nv1QEJq7ufYx0oWlIStWOScZpLMUaBmn/TV1gdkX1qZqq4NTnFRVjDjfLZHt5qyWCEOql9ayFJSVIHyO1UtNqdduSXUL2urJIHjA96u0CdEtEDht5yZtxkkFIOPApKzQGlmkwXdmZrh69R1btQKja6gRkYWkJS06cZwv8APxxXoi0sG4MsSFD9HAVXmK0QhFDl2e3JRGBeWojlZ8f5NW/Q/wBZ58OL9ku3maB2U0oBQH4Pep8dwD/UqvNUNeg+2J6H9T0ay63I3NpwAnio7UaEiEUZB4qv6R1LFvUIS4ahlz9wJ5SfY+xqUuK1vtkZ5NWKkMNiYuytq24uNGUW5NbW1JQPFV+yaVcuFy6i0ZTnjIrQ49ncekBKkkpJyeKtkKDEs8UvPhIPcCvU8TEfqpoVpnT7i20jqpRvHivOS46kkhScEd69M/VbWDckrYaI9sCsOlsIWpbhSOTmorB1uPYdg3wb7lbjxS44hKe5Nabo2IG9rZRgEeRVEbBZeDrY5TzV+0tfWHmglSMLRVdkEkdTaeGSuuzv3GsiO41epDbfAWnkVWoER4akdbIyndkirnFX9xfHH1j0gECohaXf66/IS2Q2BjNRI+gY9lYoZlYfRk3dW47UZKAQVBNJgtti3kkc1WX5b0q5IYBOD3qxy0/bQeCRxQiHYE5kZCPW9mugNStS8fcLx2zXGlLOVEnuaRmrodCfM7G5MSIRNJoZoV2eIKSqjoiaIRNChQohDSaUKQOKUDmiEVQohR0Qik9qVSE96VRCKyaUmkUaTzXCNie624sDHDK1tK3IBNdX1PPjGzCfejac2t8YpBuHBQE+rt2qoddEz6JjXK1Q79zmSiO0UnANREpfX3Dg0q5olKCl4wO9RMR93kKGSKlrTre4jlZP5fHrqXDQttYKnZMgDck7Ug+KtUmey26GkkfmqRaJrjTRSnGDTrcp10EklRPepK6SH+QmUOVmgp8AWXVq2JlbZDSRvT2IqQdnvfbiOv8AYKk9FRsQNznIx3NdLqmMCr0gVCXqybOLD1HK6cjCp51HoymznozKtyylJ/1qJlaxXGcAjkqxxknAptqOGZFwWUqOEcfmqte2HER9zYPHtTAtG+Kzi+OKIb7Rsy/Wz6huNzEmUkBv3q8s3SHfG25G5OB2wawK0xnHhvdHHirralvQoStp2jwKkWz8uMWv8eDUb1GptDSW1sAoIwB4po8W0bk7hzxWbWLUUt5S2EnkHGc1ZSuQhKVvLyfOKY0JSFm3vclJqXYzBcb9Q74xUUl9yWyrktqSeR2pL93cektMN+rPBFSz1tCUJdUdmRggV2eZGsPqTyhZJA5FQeq3JKmWnWsqTuG4D2qxNQUMSgW8lC++aOXaVuKUG07kGiEj/uuhCbW1n9vIFUu5aheiLeaQoArORk9qt+oGnLTaOsplSkjCeB58VlN5QqdMWSSFJ7kDgUtc+jqXPjcYMjWEbi2Zb0hTi5Ly3PVkDdwPxWh6E1I+zFlxUblrxlHPas40/bXJFw+3ZcC1KSSAfJAzirbpGKY2o4DwXsAWAtGe4JpY2FW6MvasJLafyT1PQWnZLh0wov7lOqHmqevRb7t6blpB6WCV1Z7tqONboYiMNha1jgJ5JqUtk2QLGCpvC1jt7VYr6mNsGmMqVr04oaiSuOrDY/cBWiwo6G5SDIISE+9VPSkedGvTry1EsrOcAZq16nX14qXIuQtJ5FdkcZ666MJTU4BOxHOT7V551re4t01Q65GBAdSMccKUO5FaP9Wb1IRpVhpSsLdcCMH+7gk/+KxCeyiShGFbZCfUlY4war8l9twM1/gsb46TevZMcJdegyy5HajuE+HU5/OKeW6I/LuhSpnLpT1AgeU+4/8A3FMIqlusr6xAfb758/Iqx2CwStUI+zYeWy+lJUiSnOWx5Bxzg+1KAbOpoOXFTZv13qQ2rrwXLcuyQAlxBOXnknIUc/tH4ptonTz0V1i5rfQ0hCwQFHlR9gPNaNY/ovcGlLRKkAtp4QsJ5UPxWm2v6a2+NEYQ7GDq2hgLX/67VOK3I4LK58vFWwZF7bb6A+pR/o5Y3f8AiS6TUbww8cBP9uSc/wC1be3a1LeT6eKGm7E1b2sMtJRn2FS064x7e2oqIKgOc05QPjT8jMz5O5czI3SOoS4bURkrKRuAzWH/AFQ1utpxyO2rChwAK0KZq+PKDrfVTu7d+1ec/qRIQ/fnFNqzXhMkWWcBF7sFqafkf3K5MkuSnlOOqJJPmmboG057V0zXN0bgRTLeopQdODChttOLKPTzVksltZi5WUjKqjdPWpLrhWSc+KtKWPtFpK8H2FUtzdkT6h42gFBYwnALDTqihvx7UlgJeKk/54qwh5l9jCkJ3kVBgBmSSkAJpfcsyN+/UgnIJj3YOBAzng091C6DG255xyKfXItpG5RHbvVYukoOqCRyKfxlZmDGZfzeTVj0tUp7MjyeaSaM96KrT1Pn8TQoyMUk0A7hBSTQPeirsIKFFkUdEIKNPfmioUQjh9LSSnoqKgQM5HmudJFGK4BqdY7MOjTRUK7ORYoxScijFEJ2bcxx4ro0hsr3kc03TR5xUT0q/uP43kLaOh6jyTh5vYBUezDTGUpZbCsjsRXdpe2nIkApIOKVbHYdL6l7j+YqtG7h+UiIqD1V44GalGUKT60jOOcU32pCiR5py0pW3GeKksJSvQieHXVmZLFpedJ6uiKiqjL3odT3GKr+o72oTFll9QGexqEggtKcdQCCT3oXOzGQ0HlOHce2KrFrVX5TWab4OKjZj+1rVPU86TlI9/NHItReQpCU53DIp9bY7MSCxHZG5wj1YqSgnoP73EHAHGRXGfR6lhVjB6wLJVIFpXvRHHDmcc1bJlieatwSkFRx7VwiMgXtD6iAjcCa01t2HIjpRhIzxk09iHkSTMr+oFahAi+phttDlqlr3JUCVeam3r5JcO1KSU+ce1XjUOnG32N7YSVeKeaS0k2uEVSWhvPnFT5GSKdAj3M9hYJyQWB0BILSsJuUn7nH6vgHxV8VbxIgAOnbxmmNosAg3paWs9I4OKmNUpXGbYS3xk4OPalMbMeyziR1LHO8bTTVyU96nWFaY/2yRtyrGM12stoSic4h8ZQe1SllQgW9twgkpHmmcq8IamAZAGcVazOgbjbXEaAxYZTLwbTuQQNx9xxXlSPJW5JkRicgq3nHxxWpfW66PTrgwwy6Szs3hAPdWSKzONZn4k8uNKK0q9JPkZ71X22KxM1/jsS2qtePYPZlg0/blNykSlI6bbWF7vPxTiREakXUpbeUxIewtvaf2q9qfOFuBbEl59Ehwp4bbOST4z7VCWeK9Ivgmy3OEZUSOAnFI7JOyZqyiKorUb3Ng+m9mXLfU5cnFPvI77/FagxGj9UtKASkDzWQaI1ZEburwaeGFBIVn3FaJMuKXGA8w5lxXHFWmK5NezMH56lUyiKxoSxR+hGfUhAGDxwKirvluSUtkkLFRtrmvFSluAlQ4yaYarvJioS4e4rwM5C/CLnxThOW5Kz9P2+7W0t3Jlt5I5AX4OO4Pg1lkzStpjz3EKS4tKT6QVcAfNSVx1nIEQ7M4xWbTdYKMla1hW/2oc1Wt/YjeLbmYdelHRmmXTTFvesChb0sNSUkLQpacgkdwfOCKun0vtkePGKCmOlwnKuknANec16zuSgoBza14STVp+mX1CfiT+nKdyknv7V5HBW5D6jv/VW1Gpz23c9axYadvIzmujxixU4dIGPmqjC11EVCSrqpJKc5JrMPqF9QnR1BCKlqHkHimPnQD3KZfF5LEjXqba7cmEhXSUOfmsj+qF8kR46lNKwnOCfiqTpf6hqcZK7i6EKz2z2qM1frFi9gx46t+e9VFt9jPoepocDx60EM2u5Cyb3IZBLalEqPfNQEl9yQ6XHlZUa73AhtAJ7UxbXvGRVljlANiU/lse/5SPqDzQFKUkjxSabGjKMgqdGPYc5UYYSTTxN4K1DcSfzULRZFRNQjexLCryuTVoK3QlrF3Q2gAKGcUylXYHkH/FQGfmiz81GMVN7jln6hynXjuPZc9bwxkimJOe9A0k96YVQo0JTW3vc3JzuA96NB2qB74pNCukbkYOjudpL/AF3i4UpST4AwKbq7UKI96ANdQZix2YVChQrs5OY70sEGkUKITpQpKTzSqIQA4pQ7UmjBwKIRQo6IGhmiEMUoc0mjzxRCLHahSUmjohDBxSgRjmk0KIRWeOK6IVxiuaAVKCRTyTBdjIQtwelXaonKnoxnGays/In1FJymMUjzTm2SDJSphxH7fNN48hIThQ3U/tEtiO64pSN2arbKmG5usHyNNhVQ3clLa8zDKi40VOeCRmky5jso7EoCU5yTjFG5f2m2FJ6GSexxUS3MclurUlOBSvHcvzaq9CObvO+2aGw8gd6jIep5bTqStZU2PANNrplSFbjUB9wA5s+abo2o6me8ky3NqwdTZbHrFl5hKXCkke5q8WzV8NqMQSkK8fNebm8pTuBIrsLpKaQdrpIHvUrcbDtpTnFehSKvRnpKBfWH5CnQpJz7U4u0lM7BBSAntXnuw6pfY4UVAk8nvVma1c4lv94UamQ1odiJWY+VcuidzfLNg20JKwOPes1+pN3/AKUwoMqSZLnpRz29zUHafqHsBaWFZxjtVX1XMXeLgZIcUoYCUpI4H4ouvGtKYx47xDmzlaOpXk3KRPmETVkvJ5Cj5FOzOdA+3bjo7Z6gzn+aaybXMZcakKZUkJPc8cU8Y3uS3EJySQMADk0ix33NRRyT8PX/AKj+3W9MlSC6ogHkknAFROsrohhr+nWlwKTn9RxPn+auesNOXxcWAqEwoQftx10IwDv8ZHmoO1aPkyHcuxFNtIG5SljaP9a8KVU7Pc7Zab6ylf4j0TIDTtqly4D8pDqmnI+ClaVYNadoK9yLjCLSipTrJCHPz71HQrKtLDzERuNH38HD+4kfirx9PLAza2lYSFuLVuWoDivQyTWd/UVy/H0vRsnZH3J2HLcjsBK0k+3FQ+oYcm7FKEghBqR1TfI1sISopGaqUjXbCWztcGfinUxq7NWamTtzb8fdMlJOkt0MNrWlIHJNZlr+xR4MMvMD1JXt7VY3tf7kKSEqVx2qk6mu8q6gdTCGwc7R5/NeTUlRJHsx7FyLsvjv0JU2ypTRzSbS+Y04KBruhI9QFNGQlMvB715Hox47VlaX1y9q+2SEurCcdgqu/W60AEnNQEW1uvtdQf8AT96m2mFM25SVdxwDSR4/RmjpLsCWHWpVpin09QsIzyeK5afQ4qSVKSQasduYS8FggZzXJxhMWQdh4VU3Ma1EBiMHFpPUaX9wJYAzimNpBW+kEkg+K73aE7OcAazgf61KWe3/AGiErdHrFd3pdCeCpsuLOOhHlwhobihQxmoA9zUtdZu8dNJyKhz+afxgwT8pkfMW12Xk1eoMmioUPFMSpgoqFETiiEGeKTQoqIQ6LNDxRZohCJoqFCiEFChSSaIRIoUVGKIQ096XXOlI80QiqFChRCGDijFJo80Qis0dFQFEIY4pQpNHmiEXQpIOaOiEUlRScjvTl+Y9IQlLiiQntTXNAGvJUE7M9rYygqD0YvNDrdFQUe1Ek5NLdaDjRFL371Lnw4UsST3HTNwbkqCVBOPip9v7JqJ+mcKxyKpLTBbPkUl+a42COorHbFI/GGmurzWqHJx3JG6vJKilHINQ7MUKeyRk0bbxcGSSTTy3kFw+9e1HHqJO63NyMe9FPQxgdqj1R+SBT9asKxmjbwTzTHw6GxKoeSDXcG9SJADSiO1PY6wpP4pEyOVKygDFNw50SUnv2qBhLGm3RJ+pKQCN6ifBru9MCJCUjzTGAobic96cCH1ZSHPY8VER33LKtm4jhJqUoriZJJOPNWH6axozlx6r+zck8ZFQMhATDwOeKjbfcnoDqlNE1ItRtrIWVXksxsLJ5H0RN71HeokKOlKlAZ7c1W52poYtrigpIITnk1k94vMmcP1nDtHjNVxx959XSLq+nntnioDg8R2e5Fi+Q5n8V6lvg3yQ/MccGNhXkfitd0zfGEwQVLSDt55rCIrqYzeQrin0aU6teULUE48GvNtJfUukKGrg0sH1Cuv310UGlnYPaqkOKczVZIz3pqTVvjrwrCzAZ7cr2MUFYNJecStspxzSSeDXBEV94lSMgCo8hgOpaeHosP5j1GymyArHeoMtuqnjGRg1bILJKyh0c0ty1JS6HduQDmlltCmXluC14BH1JDTDUtexC9wa8Z7VbblHQIWxPimVqdaU2lDScKHejuDj/UG0ZTSLHbTTUViujW9yLgs9Baye1RN1kpVMS3n5qcbUVIVkc1WFxHHL8ePSB5qasbiGUxQKq+tyzWlKS0SvGPmud5mISClvg4xSJTwjxwE8fFQDrinFkqOaaxqNnkZQea8r8afBX7hKJUolR5pNChVlMYTvuCizQzRc0TkBNETRUKIQUVA0knmiEGcUVChRCChQos84ohCKuaLvnNA96KiESmjFIoweaIRdAHHaiFHRCK5BGaVXP+aNJOaIRdChQohDB5pVIowaIRQo6SDRiiEMHFGD70VCiEUKMUilDtRCK7V1bVXGjB5ryy8hqSVWtUwZY4Wjegq81ByWFuKO0GptLuE4p1b22lbt+OaRNRTuamrOryiKydSuw2FJG0g5p0yw404V7Tz4qwJQwhZKQmkynG9uAQCa8gMT6jbvRVWfykZknvRFWBQUcE0aGy5wKdY8UmWx6xkZGpybkJUspKhmmk1sLcBTS5cVTLmRmgs4Zye1IE7O5qlr+NPjP1DYcDYA81JxJeeCexqqLfUqSNucA1YLc0XcBIJNebE17k2JkFm4rLOVdWHn4qvqPqP5qfQhSIQC+OKr6/3q/NMYnSmVH6iQvco+5wkHKCKiHllpZI96nuiVpJAzUZIjfq7VCvNlgZpPjYb1UjYjIS1vEI7Ad6uFnSlMUFQ8VEw7alKeoU11lTxGbKQQD2xULHl0sssdfgBa0+44l4UvAPNN8GudvdU+4ARyak5kQtt7sGm6rx0hme8h4wkG+v1GTeM81YoKI4Y5IBxVZzXVD7iRwc16uo+QyDxnlmwdqRsSVkR0qkJLR5zUm002Wz1OBiq01LWlXJroqesggZxSxwzv3L6r9R1BSSvcl7dhucdhIGatZipEUuK5OM1nkOYpp8KUTz7VZBqDc0EqVjjtUN2KwPUf8d52l6zzOoakdNSyRjNRJ6f3C159Vd7hc0uMqwRmoDrqJODipacUkbaIeT84ivqvsTtOkdZzAztFNVUW6iJzViqhRoTGW2m1y7fcFCiPak5r1I4eTRUKFEIKKhSSeaIQyaTQoUQgoUKFEID2Nc6WTwaRRCCgaLzRE0QiaFFmjohDT3pQpFKHaiEVQohR0Qhp70uudKSRiiEVQoA57UKIQUodqTQBxRCLo6QD70oGiEOhQzQohDzR5pNCiEXS0LUnsa5A8UeRXNToJB2J03qOSVUWc8k80gUYo0BAsT9xWa6MubDzXKhQRsaM9V2NWwZfcfOKS6kAgU3fh72SEVzQog96fx5IDeFd6SsoI7WafC8sjjjd7jC2WXqklXerNaLSmPlShTK1y22nySRjNSMy8BGNpHPtS1lVhOpdYebh11/IT3FXp1DLe0e3iqun1L/Nd50wvnJJ5NNQceadop4JxMy/lPJDIyRYnoSz2u3odbySM47VHXq3bZA6Yzz4pvFua2E4p/CuCX3gp3HHvSj4zqSRNDjeZxr0WtujESmzHhnxxVYaty5ri1knBPFWm8S23AEjz7VxiuNsxyAB2zQlbgT1kZePa+i3QnGz2zoubnFDjsKfXd5sNBI4IFRq5yxnYBimjrqnVblmmK8YhuRlNmeZVqTTUInPek0KFOzMwwcUVChRCCjz7mioq5qGyIZORRURNEDXYQyaI0YIJpcjphw9EqKPdXeub71PQXY3OVChRV2eYM0RNDIoj3ohATRUKFEIKFCkk4NEIrIrme5oGhRCCh4oZos0QiT3oGge9FRCFQzQoUQh0KA7UKIRWaMUgUoc0QiqFFRiiENJxmlAg0igODRCdKFEDmjohBRg4oqFEIrIo80ijBxRCKzR0gGlUQh0KKjohDHFHkUmhRCKFHSKGaIRdDJpOaGaIRQUR2pRWVfuJNc80quandmH5zQos4oZrs5Do0qKexpNDNEPUUVZOTmj3nGMnFIoVzU7sxRIxSc0KInFdnIeaFJzQJohDzR0ijzRCHmi/mioUQgoUWaGaIQUKFETRCHRZoZpNEIKFChRCChQpKqIQKOKTQoUQgoUWaI0Qh0t5lTStrmM4zxXLNBSiTya53uegV49+4RoUKKuzzP/2Q==
