##Online health care, "first year of the boom" or "flash in the PAN" ?

Wechat, CAIJINGELAW

Function introduction, e-law of Finance and economics is the original content brand derived from CAIJING magazine. We focus on the rule of law, governance and ethics in the Internet industry.

China's epidemic situation gradually improved, online medical institutions in the end can withstand the "post-epidemic era" challenge?
By Zhu Tao, staff editor

China's epidemic situation gradually improved, online medical institutions in the end can withstand the "post-epidemic era" challenge?

By Zhu Tao, staff editor

Blank space

At the beginning of 2020, a new outbreak of pneumonia pushed the medical industry to the forefront.

In hospitals in Hubei and across the country, tens of thousands of medical staff are fighting to save lives in the "anti-epidemic" front line, while outside the hospital, a war against more people "epidemic" is also quietly starting.

After the outbreak, all over the country's offline diagnostic and treatment channels were almost completely cut off. In addition to new pneumonia confirmed patients, the vast number of "stay-at-home" how to meet the needs of diagnosis and treatment? At this time, online medical treatment ushered in the "heaven-sent stage. ".

Data from the multi-party online medical platform shows that the online consultation volume has surged in the past two months, and the market performance of many online medical concept stocks has been "higher and higher. ".

The personage inside course of study asserts, 2020 will become Internet medical"erupt first year". But some people also think that the behavior of diagnosis and treatment has certain particularity, "on-line seeing a doctor" can never replace "go to the hospital to see a doctor" , the on-line medical treatment is only "a flash in the PAN" in the special period after all..

Now that the domestic epidemic situation is gradually improving, can online medical institutions withstand the challenges of the "post-epidemic era" ?

Behind the surge in traffic

During the epidemic, the major online medical platforms have ushered in a "bumper harvest" of traffic.

"At present, the website has a million visitors every day, and the cumulative online exposure of the epidemic page is nearly 116 million, " said Lu Shifeng, president of 39 health. com. As of 20 p.m. on Feb. 10, Ali's page had 11.16 million visitors and more than 1.04 million online visits, according to the company. As of 17:00 pm on February 25, the online free clinic launched by the platform has accumulated more than 1.5 million users, of which 60% are new users, said Tan Wanneng, the chief executive of chunyu doctor.

Many platforms have easily achieved "double performance" .

"after the platform was launched, the consultation volume doubled in the first three days, " Zhang Songqi, director of the General Hospital of the micro-medical Internet, told reporters. "As of 9:00 on February 25, the platform had received more than 116 million visitors, and 41,196 doctors had been consulted online, providing a total of 1,437,100 medical consultation services. "

In addition, Dingxiangyuan said its online consultation users increased 215.32% month-on-month, consultation volume increased 134.91% month-on-month. Tan Wanneng also said that during the spring Doctor Free Clinic, the daily average consultation volume increased nearly 100% .

From the actual consultation situation, will attract users to the online platform of the biggest "hero" or new pneumonia. According to Ali health data, the most sought-after department is the aspiration division, which focuses on the prevention and treatment of new pneumonia and related diseases. Dingxiangyuan also said that the online consultation questions focused on "whether to determine whether the cold symptoms of new pneumonia, the correct way to wear masks, and low-heat treatment, " which accounted for 51.3% .

For other patients suffering from other diseases and can not offline medical treatment, online medical platform also solve its "urgent" . "nearly 300 million people in China are suffering from chronic diseases, such as heart and cerebrovascular disease diseases, liver diseases and diseases of the immune system, " Lu told reporters. "Most of these patients can not go to hospitals during the epidemic period, so the number of chronic diseases consulted on the 39 health network is relatively large. "

During the Spring Festival in 2020, the daily activity of independent APPS in the online consultation sector peaked at 6.712 million, with the largest increase of nearly 1.6 million, or 31.28 percent, according to analysys. Analysys analyst Chen Qiaoshan believes that the epidemic prompted more users to voluntarily or semi-voluntarily began to understand and access online health care. "Not only has the free consultation campaign greatly increased the overall size and penetration rate of Internet medical users, but it has also successfully 'stepped out of the circle' and reached healthy people, which has generated new traffic for the Internet medical field. "

Source: Analysys Institute

But she also said companies should pay more attention to how to retain users, especially younger users, while harvesting traffic. "quality of service for young users will be the new test for online healthcare companies, and those that do well in this area will be the real winners during the outbreak. "

"The medical profession has certain special attributes that require coverage of the whole closed loop of pre-consultation diversion, in-consultation consultation consultation, post-consultation prescription, online payment and drug delivery. Each of these links will affect the retention and stickiness of the users,"said Zhang.

In Lu Shifeng's view, the biggest role of the epidemic is to make "the application of the medical internet has been popularized, " but the core of online medical treatment is still "medical treatment. " "In the future, what institutions should do is to optimize their products, upgrade their technical capabilities, accelerate the construction of accurate traffic entrance and upgrade their service operation system. "

Li Tiantian, founder and chairman of Clove Garden, acknowledged that the outbreak had "helped enterprises to complete a good user education, " but he did not think it heralded "the turning point of the industry has arrived. " It is to suggest all walks of life to the profession "maintains the reasonable anticipation" . "At this stage, it's more important to see who can polish the product and understand the needs of the users, " Li said.

The Frost Sullivan report predicts that China's online medical market will reach 100 billion yuan by 2020, and the 2026 market will reach 200 billion yuan, 2026 growth rate of about 14.23% .

Data Source: Frost Sullivan, Image Source: China Industry Information Network

The doctor fight

In fact, the road to traffic harvesting for online health-care providers is not as smooth as it seems. With the rapid increase of on-line consultation, the shortage of medical resources becomes the biggest obstacle, and the most important and precious resource is doctor.

Zhang Songqi revealed that in order to meet the surging demand for services, the number of online doctors on Weiyi's new Crownpneumonia real-time platform increased tenfold in 10 days: "On the first day (January 23) , we gathered the first group of 1,500 doctors, but it turned out to be far from enough, and by February 4, the number had become 18,000. "

The surge in demand caught the microteam off guard: "We found that waiting times were significantly lengthened, servers were stretched, and the first responders, infections, and physicians were overwhelmed. There was a time when the operations team was very anxious to see more and more patients lined up backstage."

To ease the anxiety of waiting users, micromed has encouraged the 1,500 doctors who are already online to introduce the doctors around them to move in, widening the "search" through layers of fission to find more doctors. Later, even greater changes appeared in Foshan, Tianjin, Heilongjiang, Hebei and Wuhan Health and Health Committees sent messages encouraging doctors to serve patients online, and on the local official website online "micro-medical new crown pneumonia real-time rescue platform, " which helps micro-medical in a short period of time to recruit a large number of doctors.

"since then, the growth rate of doctors has remained around 2,000 per day, with a peak of more than 7,000 in one day, " Zhang said.

Li Tiantian also said that the epidemic not only "education" of the user, but also "education" of the supply side. "On the Clove Garden Forum, we saw a lot of doctors who didn't know about online services and started to write messages like, 'this is my first online consultation, what should I pay attention to? ' More doctors are beginning to realize the value of Internet medicine. "

Still, the number of doctors who actually participate in online care remains small compared to the base of the physician population. According to Li, Dingxiang Garden has more than 2 million doctor users, but only 15,000 doctors, "less than 1 percent, " actually participate in online consultations.

How to further improve the medical care, especially the ability to tap the resources of doctors? Ali Health said it should "accelerate and enhance the speed of qualification and training" before doctors go online. Tan Wanneng, director of chunyu doctor, said: "To ease the contradiction between supply and demand of medical resources, on the one hand to increase supply, on the other hand to improve efficiency. ". "artificial intelligence, as an innovative technology, will be an important direction in improving the undersupply of healthcare. "

In the view of analysys analyst Chen Qiaoshan, through this epidemic, online medical enterprises have proved to the government and society their complementary significance to the real medical system. "But as with offline health care, the number and reserve of doctors determines the platform's capacity, and how to transform, cultivate and make this new wave of traffic into its own paying customers will be the focus. "

"according to the 2019 China Internet Hospital Development Research Report, more than 80 percent of hospitals plan to complete the construction of Internet hospitals within two years, " Chen explained further. "The ability to collaborate with hospitals will become an important opportunity for online medical enterprises. New or deeper modes of collaboration and symbiosis will be created, and enterprises that seize this opportunity will have the opportunity to become giants. "

Expect more policy dividends

Every step in the development of the online health care industry since its birth has been closely linked to national policies.

According to incomplete statistics from Dongxing Securities, from 2016 to 2019, the State Council and health departments issued more than a dozen policy documents on "strengthening the construction of online medical care. ". The policy can be divided into two categories: one focuses on "planning" : aiming at the problems of unbalanced medical resources and low efficiency of medical process, online medical treatment is proposed to improve the efficiency of medical resources allocation; The other focuses on "trial" : to support the construction of online medical care from three levels: decentralization, standardization and supervision.

Source: Dongxing Securities

Online medicine is also being encouraged in this new outbreak of pneumonia. On February 3, the General Office of the COVID-19 issued a notice on strengthening the information-based support for the prevention and control of pneumonia, calling for giving full play to the unique advantages of Internet hospitals and Internet diagnosis and treatment, encourage the development of some common diseases, chronic diseases and drug distribution services, reduce the risk of cross-infection in other patients offline.

Photograph: National Institutes of Health

On February 7, the General Office of the National Health Commission issued a notice on Internet consultation services in epidemic prevention and control, again making full use of the advantages of "Internet plus medical care" , and from the Scientific Organization, effective development, implementation of supervision and other aspects of specific guidance.

Then, on February 26, the Wuhan Health Insurance Bureau opened the payment system for the micro-medical Internet General Hospital, which became the first platform-based internet-based hospital in Wuhan to be covered by the payment system. When Medicare is connected, the drug costs are reimbursed by Medicare, and the patient pays only for his or her own expenses.

In addition to Wuhan, a number of provinces and cities, such as Zhejiang, Tianjin, Jiangsu and Shanghai, temporarily included Internet diagnosis and treatment in their health insurance coverage during the epidemic.

Guangfa securities analyst Yang Linlin that the Internet health care policy has been from the trial period to the normative development period. At present, the Internet Medical Service has begun to be included in the payment system of medical security, and the online implementation of some common diseases, chronic diseases and drug distribution services has also been encouraged by the state, which indicates that the future "policy is expected to continue to fall. ".

Dongxing Securities analyst Wang Jianhui predicted that the new pneumonia epidemic may promote the introduction of online health-related policies and landing. "China's online medical care has crossed the 1.0 era represented by online registration, is now in the 2.0 era represented by online hospitals, the future will be represented by the three-medicine linkage 3.0 era. "In the era of 3.0, we will set up a three-tiered system of medical care, medicine and medical insurance, and build a medical service system centered on individual health. "

At present, the industry's expectation for future policy reform is mainly focused on two aspects: one is to relax the restrictions on the first consultation of some diseases, the other is to further improve the payment policy of Internet medical insurance, and solve the problems of online medical insurance payment and drug purchase.

Li suggested that, in the process of promoting the transformation of the medical industry through the Internet and new technologies, "Internet first-aid" should be actively explored under the premise of ensuring safety and quality.

Ali also revealed that he hopes the policy side can further fully play the coordinating role of the Internet medical platform, allowing the Internet medical first consultation. "The Internet medical platform and the Internet hospital can both avoid the risk of cross-infection in physical space and divert the pressure from the physical hospital if they can provide first-visit patient services. "

Micro-medicine said it looked forward to further improving its health insurance payment policy, establishing a cost-sharing mechanism, and improving its internet-based medical treatment charging policy so that people can pay for medical insurance and purchase medicines online without leaving their homes, enjoy the one-stop health care service experience.

Li Tiantian said that although some local governments have already introduced policies to include internet-based diagnosis and treatment in health insurance, the problem of seeking medical treatment in other places has not been solved. "At the moment, patients in Shanghai can only be reimbursed through the online Internet platform of their local hospital, which can be anywhere. If you can't solve the problem in another place, you limit the advantages of the Internet."

"consideration could be given to using the Internet as an entry point for grading medical services to enable rapid screening and scientific distribution of demand for medical services. At the same time, in areas such as family doctors and health management that need continuous and dynamic services, we also hope to give more consideration to social institutions such as Internet medical companies,"Tan suggested.

Past hot articles

—— Disbanding Internet governance --

Search for CAIJINGELAW or long press to identify the Qr Code

Go to "discover"-"take a look" browse "friends watching"

Sent

####Send it to take a look

Sending

A scan of wechat
Pay attention to the account


-------------
title: Online health care, "first year of the boom" or "flash in the PAN" ?
source: cai-jing-za-zhi-/-cai-jing-shi-yi-ren
authors: _
editors: _
proofreader: _
photographer: _
translator: _
via: https://github.com/2019ncovmemory/nCovMemory
link: https://mp.weixin.qq.com/s/lCofiHZnZtSWwAT8d8xfug
archive: http://archive.today/CAyHT
snapshot: https://github.com/2019ncovmemory/nCovMemory/blob/master/archive/jpg/2585.jpg
lead: Whether online medical institutions can withstand the challenges of the "post-epidemic era" .
cover: data:image/jpeg;base64,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
