##Diary of the outbreak | Day forty-eight of the siege of Wuhan

Plantifulsoul

Introduction to behindmylife

2020.3.10

The resumption of work in Wuhan was not unexpectedly delayed, order was gradually restored in Hubei Province, but Wuhan had to wait a little longer. Today there are still new additions. The overall situation is still positive and positive, with the growth rate approaching single digits, but we must not drop the ball at critical moments, it's the end of the road, and no one wants to start over. Have Colleagues wechat comfort me a little patience, victory in sight, "good things, " I and swallowed the sky monkey like, immediately go back, what good things, let you go.

Roadblocks have been lifted, blockades have been lifted and normal production and life has been restored. People can go out and buy food in the town, but only locally for the time being. Permits and green health codes are still needed to get in and out of the outer areas. So Comfort Oneself, Wuhan is also soon, perhaps in a few days, the management of the residential area will be relaxed, although it can not flow across provinces, at least go for a walk on the road (to be honest, people are almost shut silly, looking forward to from Xi'an to go to the field to turn around outside the community to go downstairs for a breath of air, I just want to go out a door) .

These days, I can not sit at home, sign up for group purchase volunteers, responsible for docking delivery vehicles, sorting by building and unit, write the house number, and put it at the door of each unit, to avoid residents crowded to take things, increase the risk of infection. Yesterday, when we arrived at the Chen Ji noodle set meal, the weather was not good. The group informed each building to send out a volunteer. I saw that our building did not respond for half a day, so I changed my clothes to help. At ordinary times, the vegetable meat I bought can be left on the ground at will, and it is covered with two layers of supermarket plastic bags, flour only a thin plastic bag, which contains boiled cooked noodles and spices, as well as glutinous rice chicken and bean skin, directly stuffed in oil paper bags, it may rain at any time, put on the ground unsanitary, also afraid of stray cats to eat.

I struggled to find a place to put noodles: Electric car seats, fitness equipment, newspaper boxes, Park Stone Bench, one by one photo group, let everyone as soon as possible claim package. There are elderly people in our building with poor eyesight and unfamiliar credit on Wechat. I asked several times where I could get noodles, thinking that the three hot and dry noodles he bought had been falsely claimed by others. I told the property that I really didn't want to waste any more masks changing clothes and going downstairs, please have the staff bring it to the old man's door.

Thanks to the first batch of logistics super staff back to work, working overtime to produce fresh video, sorting and distribution in the wind and rain, to facilitate the lives of the masses of Wuhan. I used to complain that I couldn't get the boxes of horses. These days, the boxes of horses don't need to set an alarm bell to get the order. They are open for purchase from morning till night. The delivery is timely. The goods are more and more complete. In spring, the season of broad beans, fragrant toons, bamboo shoots, and all kinds of green and fresh leafy vegetables, and plenty of bean products to put you in the mood. When you can buy flowers, Taobao has done to help flower farmers activities, many friends are in wechat flowers photos, recommended reliable shops, see my heart itching.

The property has launched a treat for men-like a haircut in just two days. Shut in the home fast two months, the hair of the gay men such as chicken nest, Liu long poke eye, a resident volunteered to give other people a haircut, there is demand in the group sign up to take a number, first at home wash good hair, wait until the property to shout down the stairs. The enthusiastic barber is not a professional barber, but the home tool is complete, the craft is also good, look at the group sent back to the picture, get the residents praise, said the master good workmanship, do things quickly, finishing the whole person has a lot of spirit. I asked my father if he wanted to register for a haircut. My father struggled and struggled and failed to register for a haircut. He kept looking for a barber near his work unit. He cut his hair for many years for fear that he would not get a good haircut. He was glad that he had specially asked his teacher to cut his hair years ago, ten days and a half months so far. Not Too messy.

The other day I wrote that I wanted to dye my hair, but I couldn't wait for the barber shop to open again. I found a shop in Wuhan that can do hair on Taobao and bought Amore 5br. This morning I rushed to the bathroom to dye my hair. For the first time in my life I dyed my hair and ended up with a brilliant failure. Before I dyed my hair, I worried that I would dye it too much, fingers are more purple than hair, when washing the pool is full of purple, blow-dry silly eyes, do not know that I also dyed black. Later thought or blame me did not heat, too lazy to take a hair dryer blow, wait half an hour to run to flush, friends said either heating + 30 minutes, or room temperature + 1 hour, I time is too short to color.

Before dyeing, my mother advised me to think twice about all kinds of colors, don't adjust the colors that are too exaggerated. Now it's also a mistake. The more I dye, the deeper the dye, in fact, you can see the ends of my hair are Fuchsia under the light, but there's no difference inside. I also have a deep understanding of my modeling techniques, in the future, go to the store honestly, or the barber color dye is reliable.

The cats in the community began to cry in the late night, raucous, in the evening, they could hear very clearly, a dozen stray cats, for the time being, found two female cats, one with three flowers, one with a fat orange, none of them had been sterilized, this would involve carrying several more nests, I'm afraid the food waste in our community could not be kept alive, there used to be a kind aunt feeding cat food, these days into cat food BIBIMBAP, Rice more and more, mixed cat food less and less. Cats are carnivores, have no interest in rice, not a bite to eat, I fed a few ham sausage won't last long, AH, the cat is still fat, Chubby cute. The other day it was raining and I think I was hungry. I went downstairs to feed my cat. I saw five orange cats jumping out of a garbage can. They were squatting neatly on the lid of the garbage can and licking their tongues. I went inside to see what was in the garbage can, it turned out that some residents threw out several bags of food waste, cat eggshells, chicken bones turned out to gnaw all clean. Suddenly think, heather is not to open, Hey, closed at home missed the Cherry Blossom, unsealed the door welcome street heather fragrance.

After reading the Xinxiang Times'commentary about the need to send students home to class, the widespread closure of public schools has exacerbated the educational injustice that not every family has the resources to study online; it has triggered other dangers, such as children not being fed, clothed or warm, the lack of adult supervision has led to safety accidents; the breakdown of public services in urban areas has forced parents to stay at home in order to care for their children; they can not afford Nannies, drivers, carers, cashiers and other service workers, taking time off not only means less income and worse household conditions, but also makes it harder for companies to replace or rotate their employees.

A few days ago, the domestic news also reported that the entire family of three children watched the live broadcast on a mobile phone. The second daughter was worried that she could not use her mobile phone for exams, and she drank medicine to commit suicide. In the comments, quite a few people took "having a smart phone" for granted, wondering why all five members of the family are not equipped with a cell phone, "unscientific. ". After the outbreak, some netizens may see a different view of society, the folded inside of which is unfolded, many things that they consider to be essential to life are regarded as unattainable luxuries by another group. "There are many poor people in the world, but when the others question why you are so poor, you have no way to explain. "

Feel sacrificed, "They have abandoned us here, infecting each other, "We are blocked here. . Now when I go running in the fields, I see members of the army.It looks like West and East Berlin. " It is strikingly similar to Wuhan in January. Reading the reports from Italy or Iran at this time, the more I read, the more I feel I am saying "my own voice. " The report is "Hubei in January. " It is nothing but sad. I understand that the medical institutions in the early days of Fengcheng were paralyzed, material stress, everyone's self-fear of the pain, they have not recovered, and to see the same tragedy repeated.

Recommend a small book, very thin, read quickly, gunstad's "Adolf, " the novel is a tragic ending of love, the male protagonist (I think) is a bad guy swinging, I like the psychological description, "I'm used to keeping what I feel in my heart and forming lonely ideas that I can carry out on my own, treating others' opinions, concerns, help and even the presence of others as a constraint, an obstacle... if I want to talk to others, it's just a matter of routine; to lighten the conversation, I spout jokes, which makes it less boring and helps me hide my true thoughts... I'm tired of the old relationships around me, and I find it difficult to hold back new ones. " There are many parts of the heroine Soliloquy, always feel someone in the chest installed a large speaker, loud broadcast my psychological activities.

Fei Xiaotong wrote why do Chinese people not live happily and die unhappily, "when I heard people say 'Chinese New Year' , I suddenly realized that our ancient culture seems to have a deep-rooted 'transition psychology' . In everyday language, life is "to live" . During the festive season, most of the hope like a light boat has been over a million mountains and generally light and do not miss to spend our life... life is a responsibility, is a need not have the obligation of rights. Every festival, every year, we can not help but congratulate ourselves, as if the expedition team captured a city. Why else would I eat New Year's Eve dinner instead of New Year's lunch? Is Not our pride in the end of a business, so that New Year's Eve is worthy of our feast? The New Year seems to be the beginning of another heavy task for us."

"Live" is not passive, but passive. When the year comes, it will be celebrated; when the festival comes, it will be celebrated; when a child is born, it will raise a child; when the official transport comes, it will be an official. Neither actively seek, but not passively avoid, everything is accepted. If it comes well, so it is; if it does not come well, so it is. Even in life, even in death. I often say that to understand the characteristics of Chinese culture, we must learn from plants, plants, anywhere, anywhere; plants, whenever, Spring and autumn. The Chinese people say, is to accept everything, no matter when, more no matter what life. We don't need a fake heaven to be good people in this world. We can prepare our own burial grounds, we can choose our own burial grounds, and we can watch our children enter the world, leaving us with no place to live, no place to live, no place to live, no place to live, no place to live, no place to live, no place to live, no place to live, no place to Dante's Inferno, no place to live, no place to live, as the years passed, I passed away, and my sons passed on. "

Today he (uh, that's him) came to Wuhan in person. The comments all said that we should be assured that the situation is very good and spring is coming. Let's quote a sentence from the article by the way, who is not the withering wild tree, shaking in the cold wind, waiting for the return of spring. Of course, Spring Thunder will move after all, spring light will come after all, but spring will come or go, unless we can create our spring, this spring is their own, can be retained, can be retained.

The sweet sister will return to China at the end of this month. This node will fly back from Tokyo. It must be isolated for half a month. I said if I could postpone my return to China until the end of this period, my sister said the apartment she rented will expire at the end of this month, the landlord had already signed a contract with another girl and could not find a suitable place to live in the near future. Sister had missed the only graduation ceremony, not in time for the Cherry blossom season, and now have to focus on isolation, also quite upset, said to quickly dye a bright hair, change the mood (I quickly Amway Orange, do not know sister will dye) .

In CRIOLLO's chocolate box, her favorites are Jasmine tea and Vanilla caramels: "Jasmine comes in slowly, hidden in the soft, sticky teeth of Ganna Churie, with its tea scent and the unique aftertaste of Jasmine left in the mouth... it's true that jasmine desserts are both delicate and bitter, and can not be overpowered by other flavors. " I am also very interested in the sweet tea flavor, either can't taste the tea flavor, or artificial traces heavy, like master Kang Jasmine tea, drink to the end only full mouth saccharin flavor.

The shape of the Vanilla Caramel is a bright red heart. I was attracted by the one in the box at the first sight. Sure enough, the red heart is also the most classic work in the shop. The Chef has won awards for it, and has also made public recipes and ingredients, quite daring to imitate it, the confidence to borrow boldly, i don't think anyone else can make a recipe that's as good as the store's: "Milk chocolate wrapped in caramel sauce, moist and soft, in just four words: honey, the best way to eat it is to stick it in your mouth, bite down hard, crack the thin shell, and the flavors of Vanilla and cocoa pop and swim around. ".

I hope my sister will start her own handmade brand as soon as possible and develop all kinds of lovely desserts. My sister says she wants to tell stories with taste and introduce people. A dessert is an unforgettable experience, a vivid person, besides chocolate, there's so much to try, isn't she the star of the morning show, charming from the inside out, with stars in her eyes, forever full of life, Oh, youth!

2020.3.10

The resumption of work in Wuhan was not unexpectedly delayed, order was gradually restored in Hubei Province, but Wuhan had to wait a little longer. Today there are still new additions. The overall situation is still positive and positive, with the growth rate approaching single digits, but we must not drop the ball at critical moments, it's the end of the road, and no one wants to start over. Have Colleagues wechat comfort me a little patience, victory in sight, "good things, " I and swallowed the sky monkey like, immediately go back, what good things, let you go.

Roadblocks have been lifted, blockades have been lifted and normal production and life has been restored. People can go out and buy food in the town, but only locally for the time being. Permits and green health codes are still needed to get in and out of the outer areas. So Comfort Oneself, Wuhan is also soon, perhaps in a few days, the management of the residential area will be relaxed, although it can not flow across provinces, at least go for a walk on the road (to be honest, people are almost shut silly, looking forward to from Xi'an to go to the field to turn around outside the community to go downstairs for a breath of air, I just want to go out a door) .

These days, I can not sit at home, sign up for group purchase volunteers, responsible for docking delivery vehicles, sorting by building and unit, write the house number, and put it at the door of each unit, to avoid residents crowded to take things, increase the risk of infection. Yesterday, when we arrived at the Chen Ji noodle set meal, the weather was not good. The group informed each building to send out a volunteer. I saw that our building did not respond for half a day, so I changed my clothes to help. At ordinary times, the vegetable meat I bought can be left on the ground at will, and it is covered with two layers of supermarket plastic bags, flour only a thin plastic bag, which contains boiled cooked noodles and spices, as well as glutinous rice chicken and bean skin, directly stuffed in oil paper bags, it may rain at any time, put on the ground unsanitary, also afraid of stray cats to eat.

I struggled to find a place to put noodles: Electric car seats, fitness equipment, newspaper boxes, Park Stone Bench, one by one photo group, let everyone as soon as possible claim package. There are elderly people in our building with poor eyesight and unfamiliar credit on Wechat. I asked several times where I could get noodles, thinking that the three hot and dry noodles he bought had been falsely claimed by others. I told the property that I really didn't want to waste any more masks changing clothes and going downstairs, please have the staff bring it to the old man's door.

Thanks to the first batch of logistics super staff back to work, working overtime to produce fresh video, sorting and distribution in the wind and rain, to facilitate the lives of the masses of Wuhan. I used to complain that I couldn't get the boxes of horses. These days, the boxes of horses don't need to set an alarm bell to get the order. They are open for purchase from morning till night. The delivery is timely. The goods are more and more complete. In spring, the season of broad beans, fragrant toons, bamboo shoots, and all kinds of green and fresh leafy vegetables, and plenty of bean products to put you in the mood. When you can buy flowers, Taobao has done to help flower farmers activities, many friends are in wechat flowers photos, recommended reliable shops, see my heart itching.

The property has launched a treat for men-like a haircut in just two days. Shut in the home fast two months, the hair of the gay men such as chicken nest, Liu long poke eye, a resident volunteered to give other people a haircut, there is demand in the group sign up to take a number, first at home wash good hair, wait until the property to shout down the stairs. The enthusiastic barber is not a professional barber, but the home tool is complete, the craft is also good, look at the group sent back to the picture, get the residents praise, said the master good workmanship, do things quickly, finishing the whole person has a lot of spirit. I asked my father if he wanted to register for a haircut. My father struggled and struggled and failed to register for a haircut. He kept looking for a barber near his work unit. He cut his hair for many years for fear that he would not get a good haircut. He was glad that he had specially asked his teacher to cut his hair years ago, ten days and a half months so far. Not Too messy.

The other day I wrote that I wanted to dye my hair, but I couldn't wait for the barber shop to open again. I found a shop in Wuhan that can do hair on Taobao and bought Amore 5br. This morning I rushed to the bathroom to dye my hair. For the first time in my life I dyed my hair and ended up with a brilliant failure. Before I dyed my hair, I worried that I would dye it too much, fingers are more purple than hair, when washing the pool is full of purple, blow-dry silly eyes, do not know that I also dyed black. Later thought or blame me did not heat, too lazy to take a hair dryer blow, wait half an hour to run to flush, friends said either heating + 30 minutes, or room temperature + 1 hour, I time is too short to color.

Before dyeing, my mother advised me to think twice about all kinds of colors, don't adjust the colors that are too exaggerated. Now it's also a mistake. The more I dye, the deeper the dye, in fact, you can see the ends of my hair are Fuchsia under the light, but there's no difference inside. I also have a deep understanding of my modeling techniques, in the future, go to the store honestly, or the barber color dye is reliable.

The cats in the community began to cry in the late night, raucous, in the evening, they could hear very clearly, a dozen stray cats, for the time being, found two female cats, one with three flowers, one with a fat orange, none of them had been sterilized, this would involve carrying several more nests, I'm afraid the food waste in our community could not be kept alive, there used to be a kind aunt feeding cat food, these days into cat food BIBIMBAP, Rice more and more, mixed cat food less and less. Cats are carnivores, have no interest in rice, not a bite to eat, I fed a few ham sausage won't last long, AH, the cat is still fat, Chubby cute. The other day it was raining and I think I was hungry. I went downstairs to feed my cat. I saw five orange cats jumping out of a garbage can. They were squatting neatly on the lid of the garbage can and licking their tongues. I went inside to see what was in the garbage can, it turned out that some residents threw out several bags of food waste, cat eggshells, chicken bones turned out to gnaw all clean. Suddenly think, heather is not to open, Hey, closed at home missed the Cherry Blossom, unsealed the door welcome street heather fragrance.

After reading the Xinxiang Times'commentary about the need to send students home to class, the widespread closure of public schools has exacerbated the educational injustice that not every family has the resources to study online; it has triggered other dangers, such as children not being fed, clothed or warm, the lack of adult supervision has led to safety accidents; the breakdown of public services in urban areas has forced parents to stay at home in order to care for their children; they can not afford Nannies, drivers, carers, cashiers and other service workers, taking time off not only means less income and worse household conditions, but also makes it harder for companies to replace or rotate their employees.

A few days ago, the domestic news also reported that the entire family of three children watched the live broadcast on a mobile phone. The second daughter was worried that she could not use her mobile phone for exams, and she drank medicine to commit suicide. In the comments, quite a few people took "having a smart phone" for granted, wondering why all five members of the family are not equipped with a cell phone, "unscientific. ". After the outbreak, some netizens may see a different view of society, the folded inside of which is unfolded, many things that they consider to be essential to life are regarded as unattainable luxuries by another group. "There are many poor people in the world, but when the others question why you are so poor, you have no way to explain. "

Feel sacrificed, "They have abandoned us here, infecting each other, "We are blocked here. . Now when I go running in the fields, I see members of the army.It looks like West and East Berlin. " It is strikingly similar to Wuhan in January. Reading the reports from Italy or Iran at this time, the more I read, the more I feel I am saying "my own voice. " The report is "Hubei in January. " It is nothing but sad. I understand that the medical institutions in the early days of Fengcheng were paralyzed, material stress, everyone's self-fear of the pain, they have not recovered, and to see the same tragedy repeated.

Recommend a small book, very thin, read quickly, gunstad's "Adolf, " the novel is a tragic ending of love, the male protagonist (I think) is a bad guy swinging, I like the psychological description, "I'm used to keeping what I feel in my heart and forming lonely ideas that I can carry out on my own, treating others' opinions, concerns, help and even the presence of others as a constraint, an obstacle... if I want to talk to others, it's just a matter of routine; to lighten the conversation, I spout jokes, which makes it less boring and helps me hide my true thoughts... I'm tired of the old relationships around me, and I find it difficult to hold back new ones. " There are many parts of the heroine Soliloquy, always feel someone in the chest installed a large speaker, loud broadcast my psychological activities.

Fei Xiaotong wrote why do Chinese people not live happily and die unhappily, "when I heard people say 'Chinese New Year' , I suddenly realized that our ancient culture seems to have a deep-rooted 'transition psychology' . In everyday language, life is "to live" . During the festive season, most of the hope like a light boat has been over a million mountains and generally light and do not miss to spend our life... life is a responsibility, is a need not have the obligation of rights. Every festival, every year, we can not help but congratulate ourselves, as if the expedition team captured a city. Why else would I eat New Year's Eve dinner instead of New Year's lunch? Is Not our pride in the end of a business, so that New Year's Eve is worthy of our feast? The New Year seems to be the beginning of another heavy task for us."

"Live" is not passive, but passive. When the year comes, it will be celebrated; when the festival comes, it will be celebrated; when a child is born, it will raise a child; when the official transport comes, it will be an official. Neither actively seek, but not passively avoid, everything is accepted. If it comes well, so it is; if it does not come well, so it is. Even in life, even in death. I often say that to understand the characteristics of Chinese culture, we must learn from plants, plants, anywhere, anywhere; plants, whenever, Spring and autumn. The Chinese people say, is to accept everything, no matter when, more no matter what life. We don't need a fake heaven to be good people in this world. We can prepare our own burial grounds, we can choose our own burial grounds, and we can watch our children enter the world, leaving us with no place to live, no place to live, no place to live, no place to live, no place to live, no place to live, no place to live, no place to live, no place to Dante's Inferno, no place to live, no place to live, as the years passed, I passed away, and my sons passed on. "

Today he (uh, that's him) came to Wuhan in person. The comments all said that we should be assured that the situation is very good and spring is coming. Let's quote a sentence from the article by the way, who is not the withering wild tree, shaking in the cold wind, waiting for the return of spring. Of course, Spring Thunder will move after all, spring light will come after all, but spring will come or go, unless we can create our spring, this spring is their own, can be retained, can be retained.

The sweet sister will return to China at the end of this month. This node will fly back from Tokyo. It must be isolated for half a month. I said if I could postpone my return to China until the end of this period, my sister said the apartment she rented will expire at the end of this month, the landlord had already signed a contract with another girl and could not find a suitable place to live in the near future. Sister had missed the only graduation ceremony, not in time for the Cherry blossom season, and now have to focus on isolation, also quite upset, said to quickly dye a bright hair, change the mood (I quickly Amway Orange, do not know sister will dye) .

In CRIOLLO's chocolate box, her favorites are Jasmine tea and Vanilla caramels: "Jasmine comes in slowly, hidden in the soft, sticky teeth of Ganna Churie, with its tea scent and the unique aftertaste of Jasmine left in the mouth... it's true that jasmine desserts are both delicate and bitter, and can not be overpowered by other flavors. " I am also very interested in the sweet tea flavor, either can't taste the tea flavor, or artificial traces heavy, like master Kang Jasmine tea, drink to the end only full mouth saccharin flavor.

The shape of the Vanilla Caramel is a bright red heart. I was attracted by the one in the box at the first sight. Sure enough, the red heart is also the most classic work in the shop. The Chef has won awards for it, and has also made public recipes and ingredients, quite daring to imitate it, the confidence to borrow boldly, i don't think anyone else can make a recipe that's as good as the store's: "Milk chocolate wrapped in caramel sauce, moist and soft, in just four words: honey, the best way to eat it is to stick it in your mouth, bite down hard, crack the thin shell, and the flavors of Vanilla and cocoa pop and swim around. ".

I hope my sister will start her own handmade brand as soon as possible and develop all kinds of lovely desserts. My sister says she wants to tell stories with taste and introduce people. A dessert is an unforgettable experience, a vivid person, besides chocolate, there's so much to try, isn't she the star of the morning show, charming from the inside out, with stars in her eyes, forever full of life, Oh, youth!

The resumption of work in Wuhan was not unexpectedly delayed, order was gradually restored in Hubei Province, but Wuhan had to wait a little longer. Today there are still new additions. The overall situation is still positive and positive, with the growth rate approaching single digits, but we must not drop the ball at critical moments, it's the end of the road, and no one wants to start over. Have Colleagues wechat comfort me a little patience, victory in sight, "good things, " I and swallowed the sky monkey like, immediately go back, what good things, let you go.

Roadblocks have been lifted, blockades have been lifted and normal production and life has been restored. People can go out and buy food in the town, but only locally for the time being. Permits and green health codes are still needed to get in and out of the outer areas. So Comfort Oneself, Wuhan is also soon, perhaps in a few days, the management of the residential area will be relaxed, although it can not flow across provinces, at least go for a walk on the road (to be honest, people are almost shut silly, looking forward to from Xi'an to go to the field to turn around outside the community to go downstairs for a breath of air, I just want to go out a door) .

These days, I can not sit at home, sign up for group purchase volunteers, responsible for docking delivery vehicles, sorting by building and unit, write the house number, and put it at the door of each unit, to avoid residents crowded to take things, increase the risk of infection. Yesterday, when we arrived at the Chen Ji noodle set meal, the weather was not good. The group informed each building to send out a volunteer. I saw that our building did not respond for half a day, so I changed my clothes to help. At ordinary times, the vegetable meat I bought can be left on the ground at will, and it is covered with two layers of supermarket plastic bags, flour only a thin plastic bag, which contains boiled cooked noodles and spices, as well as glutinous rice chicken and bean skin, directly stuffed in oil paper bags, it may rain at any time, put on the ground unsanitary, also afraid of stray cats to eat.

I struggled to find a place to put noodles: Electric car seats, fitness equipment, newspaper boxes, Park Stone Bench, one by one photo group, let everyone as soon as possible claim package. There are elderly people in our building with poor eyesight and unfamiliar credit on Wechat. I asked several times where I could get noodles, thinking that the three hot and dry noodles he bought had been falsely claimed by others. I told the property that I really didn't want to waste any more masks changing clothes and going downstairs, please have the staff bring it to the old man's door.

Thanks to the first batch of logistics super staff back to work, working overtime to produce fresh video, sorting and distribution in the wind and rain, to facilitate the lives of the masses of Wuhan. I used to complain that I couldn't get the boxes of horses. These days, the boxes of horses don't need to set an alarm bell to get the order. They are open for purchase from morning till night. The delivery is timely. The goods are more and more complete. In spring, the season of broad beans, fragrant toons, bamboo shoots, and all kinds of green and fresh leafy vegetables, and plenty of bean products to put you in the mood. When you can buy flowers, Taobao has done to help flower farmers activities, many friends are in wechat flowers photos, recommended reliable shops, see my heart itching.

The property has launched a treat for men-like a haircut in just two days. Shut in the home fast two months, the hair of the gay men such as chicken nest, Liu long poke eye, a resident volunteered to give other people a haircut, there is demand in the group sign up to take a number, first at home wash good hair, wait until the property to shout down the stairs. The enthusiastic barber is not a professional barber, but the home tool is complete, the craft is also good, look at the group sent back to the picture, get the residents praise, said the master good workmanship, do things quickly, finishing the whole person has a lot of spirit. I asked my father if he wanted to register for a haircut. My father struggled and struggled and failed to register for a haircut. He kept looking for a barber near his work unit. He cut his hair for many years for fear that he would not get a good haircut. He was glad that he had specially asked his teacher to cut his hair years ago, ten days and a half months so far. Not Too messy.

The other day I wrote that I wanted to dye my hair, but I couldn't wait for the barber shop to open again. I found a shop in Wuhan that can do hair on Taobao and bought Amore 5br. This morning I rushed to the bathroom to dye my hair. For the first time in my life I dyed my hair and ended up with a brilliant failure. Before I dyed my hair, I worried that I would dye it too much, fingers are more purple than hair, when washing the pool is full of purple, blow-dry silly eyes, do not know that I also dyed black. Later thought or blame me did not heat, too lazy to take a hair dryer blow, wait half an hour to run to flush, friends said either heating + 30 minutes, or room temperature + 1 hour, I time is too short to color.

Before dyeing, my mother advised me to think twice about all kinds of colors, don't adjust the colors that are too exaggerated. Now it's also a mistake. The more I dye, the deeper the dye, in fact, you can see the ends of my hair are Fuchsia under the light, but there's no difference inside. I also have a deep understanding of my modeling techniques, in the future, go to the store honestly, or the barber color dye is reliable.

The cats in the community began to cry in the late night, raucous, in the evening, they could hear very clearly, a dozen stray cats, for the time being, found two female cats, one with three flowers, one with a fat orange, none of them had been sterilized, this would involve carrying several more nests, I'm afraid the food waste in our community could not be kept alive, there used to be a kind aunt feeding cat food, these days into cat food BIBIMBAP, Rice more and more, mixed cat food less and less. Cats are carnivores, have no interest in rice, not a bite to eat, I fed a few ham sausage won't last long, AH, the cat is still fat, Chubby cute. The other day it was raining and I think I was hungry. I went downstairs to feed my cat. I saw five orange cats jumping out of a garbage can. They were squatting neatly on the lid of the garbage can and licking their tongues. I went inside to see what was in the garbage can, it turned out that some residents threw out several bags of food waste, cat eggshells, chicken bones turned out to gnaw all clean. Suddenly think, heather is not to open, Hey, closed at home missed the Cherry Blossom, unsealed the door welcome street heather fragrance.

After reading the Xinxiang Times'commentary about the need to send students home to class, the widespread closure of public schools has exacerbated the educational injustice that not every family has the resources to study online; it has triggered other dangers, such as children not being fed, clothed or warm, the lack of adult supervision has led to safety accidents; the breakdown of public services in urban areas has forced parents to stay at home in order to care for their children; they can not afford Nannies, drivers, carers, cashiers and other service workers, taking time off not only means less income and worse household conditions, but also makes it harder for companies to replace or rotate their employees.

A few days ago, the domestic news also reported that the entire family of three children watched the live broadcast on a mobile phone. The second daughter was worried that she could not use her mobile phone for exams, and she drank medicine to commit suicide. In the comments, quite a few people took "having a smart phone" for granted, wondering why all five members of the family are not equipped with a cell phone, "unscientific. ". After the outbreak, some netizens may see a different view of society, the folded inside of which is unfolded, many things that they consider to be essential to life are regarded as unattainable luxuries by another group. "There are many poor people in the world, but when the others question why you are so poor, you have no way to explain. "

Feel sacrificed, "They have abandoned us here, infecting each other, "We are blocked here. . Now when I go running in the fields, I see members of the army.It looks like West and East Berlin. " It is strikingly similar to Wuhan in January. Reading the reports from Italy or Iran at this time, the more I read, the more I feel I am saying "my own voice. " The report is "Hubei in January. " It is nothing but sad. I understand that the medical institutions in the early days of Fengcheng were paralyzed, material stress, everyone's self-fear of the pain, they have not recovered, and to see the same tragedy repeated.

Recommend a small book, very thin, read quickly, gunstad's "Adolf, " the novel is a tragic ending of love, the male protagonist (I think) is a bad guy swinging, I like the psychological description, "I'm used to keeping what I feel in my heart and forming lonely ideas that I can carry out on my own, treating others' opinions, concerns, help and even the presence of others as a constraint, an obstacle... if I want to talk to others, it's just a matter of routine; to lighten the conversation, I spout jokes, which makes it less boring and helps me hide my true thoughts... I'm tired of the old relationships around me, and I find it difficult to hold back new ones. " There are many parts of the heroine Soliloquy, always feel someone in the chest installed a large speaker, loud broadcast my psychological activities.

Fei Xiaotong wrote why do Chinese people not live happily and die unhappily, "when I heard people say 'Chinese New Year' , I suddenly realized that our ancient culture seems to have a deep-rooted 'transition psychology' . In everyday language, life is "to live" . During the festive season, most of the hope like a light boat has been over a million mountains and generally light and do not miss to spend our life... life is a responsibility, is a need not have the obligation of rights. Every festival, every year, we can not help but congratulate ourselves, as if the expedition team captured a city. Why else would I eat New Year's Eve dinner instead of New Year's lunch? Is Not our pride in the end of a business, so that New Year's Eve is worthy of our feast? The New Year seems to be the beginning of another heavy task for us."

"Live" is not passive, but passive. When the year comes, it will be celebrated; when the festival comes, it will be celebrated; when a child is born, it will raise a child; when the official transport comes, it will be an official. Neither actively seek, but not passively avoid, everything is accepted. If it comes well, so it is; if it does not come well, so it is. Even in life, even in death. I often say that to understand the characteristics of Chinese culture, we must learn from plants, plants, anywhere, anywhere; plants, whenever, Spring and autumn. The Chinese people say, is to accept everything, no matter when, more no matter what life. We don't need a fake heaven to be good people in this world. We can prepare our own burial grounds, we can choose our own burial grounds, and we can watch our children enter the world, leaving us with no place to live, no place to live, no place to live, no place to live, no place to live, no place to live, no place to live, no place to live, no place to Dante's Inferno, no place to live, no place to live, as the years passed, I passed away, and my sons passed on. "

Today he (uh, that's him) came to Wuhan in person. The comments all said that we should be assured that the situation is very good and spring is coming. Let's quote a sentence from the article by the way, who is not the withering wild tree, shaking in the cold wind, waiting for the return of spring. Of course, Spring Thunder will move after all, spring light will come after all, but spring will come or go, unless we can create our spring, this spring is their own, can be retained, can be retained.

The sweet sister will return to China at the end of this month. This node will fly back from Tokyo. It must be isolated for half a month. I said if I could postpone my return to China until the end of this period, my sister said the apartment she rented will expire at the end of this month, the landlord had already signed a contract with another girl and could not find a suitable place to live in the near future. Sister had missed the only graduation ceremony, not in time for the Cherry blossom season, and now have to focus on isolation, also quite upset, said to quickly dye a bright hair, change the mood (I quickly Amway Orange, do not know sister will dye) .

In CRIOLLO's chocolate box, her favorites are Jasmine tea and Vanilla caramels: "Jasmine comes in slowly, hidden in the soft, sticky teeth of Ganna Churie, with its tea scent and the unique aftertaste of Jasmine left in the mouth... it's true that jasmine desserts are both delicate and bitter, and can not be overpowered by other flavors. " I am also very interested in the sweet tea flavor, either can't taste the tea flavor, or artificial traces heavy, like master Kang Jasmine tea, drink to the end only full mouth saccharin flavor.

The shape of the Vanilla Caramel is a bright red heart. I was attracted by the one in the box at the first sight. Sure enough, the red heart is also the most classic work in the shop. The Chef has won awards for it, and has also made public recipes and ingredients, quite daring to imitate it, the confidence to borrow boldly, i don't think anyone else can make a recipe that's as good as the store's: "Milk chocolate wrapped in caramel sauce, moist and soft, in just four words: honey, the best way to eat it is to stick it in your mouth, bite down hard, crack the thin shell, and the flavors of Vanilla and cocoa pop and swim around. ".

I hope my sister will start her own handmade brand as soon as possible and develop all kinds of lovely desserts. My sister says she wants to tell stories with taste and introduce people. A dessert is an unforgettable experience, a vivid person, besides chocolate, there's so much to try, isn't she the star of the morning show, charming from the inside out, with stars in her eyes, forever full of life, Oh, youth!

Go to "discover"-"take a look" browse "friends watching"

Sent

####Send it to take a look

Sending

A scan of wechat
Pay attention to the account


-------------
title: Diary of the outbreak | Day forty-eight of the siege of Wuhan
source: PlantifulSoul
authors: _
editors: _
proofreader: _
photographer: _
translator: _
via: https://github.com/2019ncovmemory/nCovMemory
link: https://mp.weixin.qq.com/s/sMoo_KR_VhKcTmQIvTyIuw
archive: http://archive.ph/yMTc4
snapshot: https://github.com/2019ncovmemory/nCovMemory/blob/master/archive/jpg/3228.jpg
lead: Keep recording.
cover: data:image/jpeg;base64,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
