##Online classroom in epidemic period, the temptation and threat behind "give your life for free"

I-CAIJING

CAIJING magazine official Wechat. "CAIJING" magazine, sponsored by the China Securities Market Research Center, was first published in 1998, adhering to the news concept of "independence, exclusiveness and originality" , and is known for authoritative, impartial and professional reporting, it is a must-read publication for policy-makers, researchers and managers in the field of politics and economics.

Without a good enough online experience, users will only be loyal to "free" for a short period of time, after the storm, may be everywhere chicken feather

By Wang Feng, CAIJING correspondent

Editor | Sheryl Rong

"No work, no food. " On the other side of the phone, from time to time came the clacking of the keyboard. Xueba CEO Zhang Kailei has a hoarse voice. Since the second day of the Lunar New Year, he has started the morning meeting at 9 o'clock every day and has 20 video meetings a day. February 3, the company has resumed work online.

This should be the state of most online education companies during the Wuhan Epidemic.

After the outbreak in Wuhan, the Ministry of Education issued a notice, not only to delay the start of primary and secondary school students across the country, training institutions have also cancelled offline courses. The gap between the end of winter vacation and the resumption of school has become the practice site of teaching and training institutions.

Schools aren't starting on time, and online education is the only option for students and parents.

Last summer, Zhang lamented that online education has countless tracks, but each is only 5 cm wide. Most startups are stuck between the education giant and the offline organization. Now, suddenly, the disease has widened the track, and the wind has turned into a storm.

Almost every day since the start of the Lunar New Year, an online education company has announced that it will offer live courses in response to the outbreak. The K12 organization, which is closely related to the class, has extended the free live broadcast class from Wuhan to the whole country.

To satisfy a sudden need is to catch the storm. Xueba Jun was still in the preparatory stage of the big class on-line emergency broadcast class, three months to six months ahead of schedule. "there was a lot of testing and feedback to hear, " Zhang said, adding that even teaching assistants were not yet available. One TA was supposed to have 40 students. Now it's 200.

Even companies that don't have much to do with education are eager to try. Pull the Hook network to do a vocational education, live broadcast tiger teeth also began to rely on the advantages of live broadcast technology, open online education services. The strategy is free.

In response, offline institutions are turning online, too, with the common belief that they are less likely to live and more likely to die if they don't.

What is seen is that online education may be the biggest winner in this epidemic, with everyone taking an irreversible step forward, but the real test will not begin until everyone has made their mark. The opportunity is everyone's, can grasp the opportunity, is individual's good fortune.

Offline Organization: Emergency Survival

On the first day of the Lunar New Year, Lesi education founder and CEO Gong Xusheng held an emergency meeting, determined to transfer all music courses online. "there is no choice, " he told Caijing.

Les Education is an Offline Children's music training company that provides teaching materials and course design services to 2,500 franchise stores. After the outbreak of the disease, all the shops closed down, trapped in the non-rice cooking.

Offline education is a cash-flow business, run by users who pay in advance. Now with no revenue, store rents and personnel costs are hammering away at a company that has been around for less than four years.

"If things don't get back to normal in March, the pre-payment fees for the first few months will be rolled out and many chains will have a hard time keeping up, " a store employee in north China's Hebei Province told Caijing. "The boss thinks the business will go on after the outbreak, but only if your cash flow survives. "

There's already a offline facility down.

On the evening of February 6, Li Chao, founder of the offline IT training organization, called the outbreak "an added insult to the underfunded, overburdened and ever-lossmaking sibling education. ". The company's original financial health was not enough, the original plan is to tighten the belt years ago, years later to fight a turnaround. Now, even the Beijing campus has stopped recruiting students, all employees were dismissed.

Even big, established institutions, such as New Oriental, have suffered. After the outbreak, offline classes were suspended across the board, affecting one million students in winter break classes. "If all classes are suspended and refunded, New Oriental will have to close its doors and the livelihood of its eighty thousand teachers and staff will become an immediate problem, " New Oriental CEO Yu Minhong wrote on his personal account.

Retain existing customers, to the end of the epidemic, has become the offline institutions need to solve the common problem. Their common strategy is to switch from offline to online.

At this point, to the new East, good future led by the education giant launched a wave of online free offensive. Two of their online agencies have started to sync free broadcasts for primary and secondary school students, taking the good future as an example, its Two offline educational institutions, "learn and think excellent" and "learn and think network school" jointly launched a national primary and secondary students free synchronized classes. Xueersiyou.com school is aimed at online education from the very beginning, and has a strong accumulation of online education technology. Xueersipeiyou is the main force of Education Research and development of the Good Future group. The two institutions are often "silly and confused" in the eyes of ordinary users, learn and think related people to the "CAIJING" said that this joint, network school to provide technical support for Peiyou, learn and Sipeiyou is to contribute more professional courseware content. On the other hand, the free online course platform has no revenue, but it can provide resources for both institutions to acquire new customers.

Wang Daoping, an investor in Huachuang capital, told CAIJING that there is indeed a need for emergency response, but the outbreak has further raised the giants'awareness of the transition.

The transition to online is what the education giant has been doing for the past two years. The good future thinks online education is the way to go. In 2018 summer vacation, good future first vigorously promote learning and think net school, sales and marketing costs have been increasing. The financial report showed that future sales and marketing expenses rose 159.4 percent to US $151.7 million from June to August 2018. Most of it was spent on advertising for Xueersi. com.

Large organizations with strong cash flow and risk resistance, but also the need for transformation, small and medium-sized organizations to transfer online more to survive, most of them do not have their own online technical capacity, can only rely on third-party platform. Gong Xusheng emphasizes to"finance and Economics"reporter,"on-line plan is to take emergency

According to the CAIJING reporter, affected by the epidemic, including the good future live cloud, tencent classes, ClassIn and other third-party technology platforms have started to provide free live streaming services to small and medium-sized offline institutions. "demand is strong because no one wants to die, " Zhang told CAIJING. Xueba King also began to provide live broadcast service for small and medium-sized institutions nationwide. There are 100 on the platform so far.

However, for most small and medium-sized institutions, transfer line is very hasty, one is not skilled, the other is not clear.

A teacher at a medium-sized English Training Institution in Beijing told Caijing that after the institution decided to transfer to another line, "Most of the parents cooperated, but some parents worried that the online courses would hurt their eyes and dropped out. " If this kind of customer loss is acceptable, another kind of customer loss is even more worrying, after other educational institutions in the same circuit went online in droves, they launched promotions, some of which were free, and many of their clients chose free courses after comparison. This poses a subtle potential risk -- if the platform delivers as well as the client expects, the client may stay on the platform and pay for it after the outbreak, then the client is lost.

Beijing Mother Chen Xi's child is in fourth grade and will take the KET English test in April this year. Before the end of the winter vacation, she enrolled the child in the online English winter vacation course of Sipeiyou. When the outbreak hit, learning and Sipeiyou the first time decided to turn off-line classes to online teaching. Chen Xi hesitated. Online courses are not as interactive as offline ones, and often teachers explain that kids are typing responses in chat zones: 666, yes, no, and simple response codes that don't allow real time voice interaction. With 20 kids in a class, this level of interaction isn't likely to keep kids productive.

By contrast, Chen Xi has chosen another online organization that focuses on small class interactions. Tuition fees have quadrupled compared with the former, but a class of only eight children, the teacher can see the child, the child can see the teacher, video and audio interaction, classroom group communication, between efficiency and cost, Chen Xi chose efficiency.

ONLINE EDUCATION STARTUPS: A gamble?

The winter of offline education makes online education into summer in an instant. Job To help CEO Hou Jianbin predict user data will rise, but did not expect a blowout. The server just ran out.

On February 4th, the day after the free live course began, the number of people signing up for the course surged to 5m nationwide. The next day, the numbers began to double. The company had to scramble another hundred servers. Ape Tutoring, another homeschooling company, also flocked to one million users in its first few days.

In normal times, to attract such a scale of user traffic, no one billion marketing fees and fine operation, do not think.

For the past two years, online education has been a hot air. The cost of the head office's new investment is staggering. Last summer, it was estimated that the total daily input of head players may exceed 10 million yuan. But the course price is also very touching, ape counseling last summer vacation launched "49 yuan summer system class" , homework to help then follow up the 50 yuan special class courses. To last June, learn and think net school also joined the battlefield, launched "49 yuan summer trial course. ".

One industry insider told Caijing that the three companies burned 2 billion yuan last summer to generate 10 million users.

To put it bluntly, the online education market was in its early stages of word of mouth, with a penetration rate of only about 10% . You have to spend a lot of money on promotion to cultivate the market, so it's very expensive to get customers.

In the case of the preschool, 75% of every user fee paid is a cost. Even online vocational courses, which cost as much as fifty thousand per student, are not cheap. "You need to go through layers of transformation, " an online vocational education told CAIJING. First through the network marketing, offline push, access to user leads, and then sales can follow, each step is the cost.

Now, "in terms of the cost of getting customers in the industry alone, it's cut in half, " Zhang said. One industry source said the surge has saved the industry nearly $100 billion in marketing costs and is the best time for start-ups to raise brand awareness.

Zhang's judgment was more radical. "The value may be no less than that of the SARS period, which gave birth to a JD.com. "

However, the cost of a lower customer, does not mean that the amount of conversion is high. First use free class to attract traffic, and then realize batch conversion, complete harvesting, this is the industry common sense. But drainage is only the first step, and ultimately it depends on how many users are being converted into fees. Everything is so hectic that many companies don't have time to think about it.

"If I think about these issues, the project won't go up, " Hou told CAIJING. There have been many discussions within the company about whether to offer free live streaming, which is paid for and, as is now the case, clearly requires investment of resources and costs, which could hurt performance.

"All throwing money, no income. " Zhang Kailei has also calculated that has been invested in the server and labor costs, or at least 20 million.

One industry insider told Caijing that start-ups are "a bit of a gamble" and that everyone sees an opportunity and wants to take it, but the reality is that neither the brand nor the money will be able to support them in the end.

The reason is simple: As the pool of traffic grows, so does the competition.

Scuffle, a large number of small and medium-sized institutions on-line, the footsteps of the giants are more tight. During the Spring Festival, Open Weibo, the pop-up is the new oriental, good future such leading ads. Most startups don't have the resources or the money.

Last summer vacation, in order to compete for new students, Xueersi school even put advertisements on bus stations and subways, "This kind of hard-and-wide investment is not an efficient place to put it, and training institutions generally will not choose such an occasion, so we can see the future emphasis on online schools, " Ye LE, chief analyst of education industry at Citic Jiantou Securities, told Caijing.

Overall, the epidemic has parents paying particular attention to online education, and while it's true that the cost of getting visitors has fallen, it's a cruel law that the biggest beneficiaries may still be the leaders. In 2019, the cost of acquiring a student at Xueersi was around 1,300 yuan, a third of the cost of a startup. Now because of the epidemic, the brand effect of the giant will be further strengthened.

Many analysts on the "Caijing" analysis, education is still a brand-oriented industry, at the same price, users will actively choose those strong brands. The big guys have an absolute advantage over startups in terms of brand, money, faculty, and size.

After free, how to stay?

Whether it's going online to small and medium sized institutions, educational giants or start ups, they're using free classes to get their users online. Most analysts believe that in the short term, Market penetration of online education will surge.

Suddenly, the industry seems to be ripe with disease. This is a sign that the industry is maturing, but the first thing Hou feels is pressure. Suddenly the customer, the industry all the problems, are exposed to the broad masses of users. It's an opportunity, but it's more of a challenge.

Every day, people post screenshots of education platform outages in industry groups. This period of time, the industry, large and small platform users are surging, downtime has become a daily. Typically, users look at the live feed and suddenly the screen goes black, prompting complaints. In order to ensure smooth operation of the platform, the work of every day to help the R & D team on duty overnight.

Below the line small and medium-sized organization is to have no choice more, can switch between different platform only. To ensure no downtime, Gong has 27 third-party technology platforms on his menu. As long as the user reaction is not stable, immediately change home.

"This is not a normal situation, there should be engineers, there should be a sales system, it is a complete business scenario. ". Since the overlord temporarily opened up their own platform system, background complaints have emerged one after another. When angry, someone in the group called them "profiteers. ".

Zhang believes that the sudden change has left the industry unprepared, not only for technology, teacher matching, staff management, teaching experience, and follow-up services to be improved.

Speaking to Caijing, a teacher at an English institution who has just moved online said it is much harder to teach online than offline. Offline interaction is always online can not be replaced, although many platforms interactive features, but to be familiar with repeatedly, to be able to use flexibly. Most of the time, teachers are less effective.

For Art, music, such as quality education courses, it is more difficult to achieve the same experience with the offline. "students have to command their limbs to produce certain standard movements and outputs, and offline teaching has the effect of demonstration and correction, " Gong said. After the outbreak, he believes that the majority of users will still go back offline, online is just a supplement.

Ye Le explained to the reporter from Caijing that free courses still depend on the quality of the courses and the quality of service, measures include, but are not limited to, the quality of delivery of pre-free courses, the ability to keep up with after-school questions and whether staff are following up on the business of continuing classes.

Most users are there for the free, and without a great experience, users will be loyal to the free. This means that the end of the epidemic, may be the test online education industry or companies can "upgrade" the critical period.

Zhou Daoping told Caijing that the speed of pre-spell, long-term products and services. In the case of data, the final retention rate.

After last summer's K12 spending spree, courses returned to full value, with an average of 30% , as measured by the final retention rate. The ability to convert these users depends on each individual's skill.

The giants have resources and advantages in all areas, but not without weaknesses. New Oriental, good future of the retention rate of 80% , online education is difficult to exceed 20% . Zhou daoping believes that for the giants, online after all is a new business, a lot of experience and existing management needs to be adjusted.

As for startups, Hou said, neither the nature of education nor the competitive nature of the industry market has changed. Follow-up spell is still brand awareness, curriculum quality and service quality.

(this article is an exclusive collaboration between CAIJING and tencent news, which declined to be reprinted.)

Read more about the outbreak in pictures

Editor in chief | Duanhuang@caijing. COM.CN
This is an original article from CAIJING magazine, which can not be reproduced or mirrored without authorization. For reprinting, please leave a message at the end of the article to request and obtain authorization.

Editor in chief | Duanhuang@caijing. COM.CN

This is an original article from CAIJING magazine, which can not be reproduced or mirrored without authorization. For reprinting, please leave a message at the end of the article to request and obtain authorization.

Go to "discover"-"take a look" browse "friends watching"

Sent

####Send it to take a look

Sending

A scan of wechat
Pay attention to the account


-------------
title: Online classroom in epidemic period, the temptation and threat behind "give your life for free"
source: cai-jing-za-zhi-/-cai-jing-shi-yi-ren
authors: _
editors: _
proofreader: _
photographer: _
translator: _
via: https://github.com/2019ncovmemory/nCovMemory
link: https://mp.weixin.qq.com/s/UOBjCdNk6rIiSeeRJutVZw
archive: http://archive.today/nZyMQ
snapshot: https://github.com/2019ncovmemory/nCovMemory/blob/master/archive/jpg/1488.jpg
lead: Without a good enough online experience, users will only be loyal to "free" for a short period of time, after the storm, may be everywhere chicken feather
cover: data:image/jpeg;base64,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
