##26 days after a 29 year old girl from Wuhan was shut down: She didn't want to be a hero, she just didn't want to be trapped by despair

Wechat Bqshenyidu

Features, Beijing Youth Daily, the official public number

Written / Hu Qichen

Editor Ji Wei, Song Jianhua

Volunteers deliver care meals in the rain

In this new outbreak of pneumonia, Xiao Xiong Li has many identities. She was a volunteer driver, a volunteer team leader, a donor, a fund-raiser, a new pneumonia victim because she was infected, and a family member because her parents were infected.

She donated 15,000 yuan to buy a mask for the hospital on the day she returned to Wuhan, and in just four hours she set up a volunteer convoy to deliver supplies to the hospital She has seen doctors beg for a mask and days of sleepless nights; she has seen the despair of 120 calls without a bed; she has seen people cheat and misunderstand her as a volunteer; she has seen kindness come from far and wide.

If she had her choice, she would like to be an ordinary girl living in Wuhan -- A 29-year-old medical cosmetologist with a side job as a video game host.

For now, her father is in the Intensive Care Unit of Tongji Hospital, her mother is quarantined in a hotel, and she herself has just completed a new round of nucleic acid tests and is waiting for the final results.

This is her story, and the story of thousands of volunteers and ordinary people. In this "city of Heroes" , she does not want to be a "hero" , just do not want to be trapped by despair.

Volunteers deliver supplies to the hospital

Four hours to assemble a convoy

On the night of January 23rd, Li's cell phone exploded.

In one minute she received two calls, and within seconds of the new one, another came in. There were hundreds of text messages and wechat messages waiting for her to reply.

The caller was a stranger, mostly young, and invariably worried, "I want to donate, can you help me buy some supplies to the hospital? "

"Add my wechat to say specific requirements. " Li Xiaoxiong quickly hung up the phone, no time to say a word.

Twelve hours ago, around 7:30 on January 23, Li Xiaoxiong boarded the train from Changsha to Wuhan, looking forward to the reunion with his parents and boyfriend. But soon, without a mask, she was reprimanded by the flight attendant. "No one around me has got it yet, so I'm not that nervous, " Li explained.

Two and a half hours later, traffic in Wuhan was closed and the city's buses, subways, ferries and long-distance buses were suspended. Li Xiaoxiong arrived in Wuhan before that.

It wasn't the Wuhan she knew, and she was depressed and nervous about everything: After she left the station, "there were very few people, very desolate, " and almost everyone except herself wore masks; her circle of friends sold masks at high prices, or they're asking for expensive face masks; many hospitals send out requests for supplies that are frequently retweeted on social media.

Zhongnan Hospital of Wuhan University was the First Hospital in Wuhan to send a letter asking for help. It was only 3 kilometers from Li's home and only 8 minutes by car. Li felt that as a nearby resident, he should do something. At 7:41 that night, she posted a friend's circle, "I want to buy a lot (masks) , who has the resources, I am very worried. "

With the help of a friend, she contacted a mask manufacturer near Wuhan and bought fifteen thousand RMB masks herself.

What she did not expect was that many people called to ask her to help buy supplies and donate them to the hospital. There are too many people who want to donate, and too many people who want to raise money and materials. At 10:00, she posted another message on her facebook page. "I'm going to build a fleet of cars to deliver donated supplies to hospitals. I've been contacted by relatives in Wuchang who want to volunteer. "

The phone rang again, and more than 70 volunteer drivers soon joined the group.

Doctors also called her for help, "after work no car, the team can help send? " Li Xiaoxiong realized that the team in addition to send supplies, but also send doctors. She again sent a friend circle, "Wuhan City as long as the medical staff in and out of the car can not, please contact me, 24-hour standby, I am responsible for arranging transport. ".

As the circle of friends continued to be retweeted, Li felt for a moment that "it seemed as if all the hospitals in the city had called me" . She added their Wechat, pulled doctors and volunteer drivers who wanted to ride in cars into a group, let people dock, and shared the group Qr code to friends, let the needy scan the code into the group. After that, her wechat message continued to ring at the rate of seconds.

In the four hours since the "ask for a mask" message was sent, Li has sent 20 messages, received more than 400 phone calls, received more than 100 text messages, added more than 1,000 friends and replied to thousands of wechat messages, three new wechat groups have been flooded.

A friend told her that Zhang Xiaoyan, executive secretary of the charity foundation, was also setting up a volunteer team, and Li added her wechat account.

"She took the initiative to find me, said if I have any needs can be mentioned to her. " Zhang Xiaoyan said. Soon, Zhang Xiaoyan's team of volunteers are also full.

He became the regional leader of the Sun Yuan Team in Wuchang, responsible for the dispatch of the team, as well as a relay station for information between donors and hospitals, medical staff and drivers.

At 11:58 p.m. , Li posted the last message of the night, "We also need a lot of protective clothing and goggles, I can be contacted by a manufacturer who is qualified in medical care, and volunteers are needed in the districts. Please check with your families before you come. This is no joke. "

The goods transported by the volunteers are subject to inspection by the traffic police

Difficulties, misunderstandings and grievances

At first, Li didn't tell her family about the volunteer team until she lost her temper after her mobile phone rang 24 hours a day and she stared at it while eating.

Her parents were afraid of her infection and would not let her go out. They understood her later and told her to "protect herself" .

Zhang Xiaoyan, the 55-member team leader of the Shanyuan team, said she was impressed by Li. "She started the team while she also picked up the driver and donated money. "

On January 26, shortly after the construction of the Thor Mountain Hospital, it was raining and the workers were in urgent need of rain boots, raincoats and hardshells. That afternoon, Zhang Xiaoyan in the circle of friends to release fund-raising information, early in the morning, she received Li Xiaoxiong sent Wechat, "materials I have all collected, these two days will send. "

"It's amazing! " Said Zhang Xiaoyan.

After seeing the information that the thunder God Mountain Hospital urgently needs material, Li Xiaoxiong sends friend circle to advertise at the first time. "I added 3,000 or 4,000 people before this micro-signal. Everyone helped me forward the fund-raising message, and believe me, someone will come to me directly soon, " Li said.

Zhang Chen in Beijing was one of the donors who found the bear. She runs a branded sportswear store in Beijing. That night, she saw in the group of peers retweeted Li Xiaoxiong's circle of friends for material screenshots, immediately added her.

"She told me a lot, and it's absolutely true, and I don't think she would lie, " Zhang Chen said. Li Xiaoxiong asked her, how to buy clothes? Zhang Chen said, I don't want money.

After that, Zhang Chen kept following Li's circle of friends. "I felt that Xiao Xiong worked very hard and even coordinated supplies in the wechat group late at night. Today, he said which hospital needed a car, and tomorrow, which hospital needed supplies, and they interacted with each other. ".

Bian Yaguang, chairman of the Wuhan Residential Group, is also in the wechat group of Shanyuan's motorcade. At that time, he had a classmate in Beijing to donate materials to Wuhan. When the car drove near Wuhan, it was closed to traffic. He asked for help bear, "is she helped me to introduce a person, arranged six cars, docking materials sent to the Hubei Logistics Center, and then distributed to the hospitals. ".

For more than 20 days, Bian Yaguang witnessed many of the drivers in shan-yuan's group withdraw one after another for various reasons, but Li Xiaoxiong has always been there, "It's easy to do a good deed once, but it's hard to do a good deed all the time. I'm quite impressed with little bear. "

"It is difficult, " Li Xiaoxiong does not deny this point. Every stage since the formation of the motorcade has had its difficulties.

Her latest challenge is 50 tons of vegetables.

A hospital told her that meat and vegetables were in short supply and that eating was a problem. Li Xiaoxiong worried, Hubei Province is now every city in short supply, only from the provinces to find a way. It happened that her best friend of ten years had a friend from Yunnan who was willing to donate fifty tons of vegetables.

But the vegetables grow in the greenhouses of Yunnan, and how to transport them to Wuhan has become a thorny problem.

Li Xiaoxiong and several leaders of Shan Yuan's motorcade thought that they might find local truck drivers in Yunnan to pay the freight to bring them here, but so far without success. "Who wants to lose money by not coming to Wuhan to send something back for at least 14 days? " Li Xiaoxiong said.

They also tried to contact local drivers in Wuhan. Drive from Wuhan to Yunnan, do not sleep to run back and forth, also want a four-day, vegetables even if can transport back, also afraid of early rot.

Even if vegetables do get on the highway, they could face problems. "A section of the highway may have seven or eight checkpoints to check the car, you say it is a private donation, traffic control may think you are selling at a high price, to your confiscation. "

Li Xiaoxiong also considered express delivery, but this 50 tons of vegetables, the express delivery fee is almost 10,000, not practical: donated 50 tons of vegetables, the total can not let the donor to pay a logistics fee; let the hospital take the money, not reasonable and no one will; own out, "Many volunteers earn a few thousand yuan a month and don't have that kind of money. "

Even if the vegetables to Wuhan City, but also through a series of procedures. "We also need the quality inspection report. A friend of mine contacted an association to donate tens of thousands of Jin of vegetables, but it got stuck in the inspection report, and the vegetables all rotted away, " Li said.

Bear Lee is still working on it. She's been trying to solve problems since the team was formed.

During the first two days of the convoy, the demand for doctors' cars far exceeded the number of drivers. Li handled the docking of supplies during the day and drove the doctors to and from the hospital every night when he was "not so busy" . He did not return until dawn and did not sleep for two consecutive days.

On the afternoon of January 25, the third day of the formation of the convoy, the Wuhan new pneumonia prevention and Control Headquarters issued a circular. Starting from midnight on January 26, in addition to the licensed transportation vehicles, free transportation vehicles and official vehicles, no motor vehicles in the downtown area.

Due to the lack of protective materials, at this time good luck team other regional teams also have several drivers because of infection have withdrawn.

On the afternoon of the same day, she posted a notice on her friend's circle. "It is a pity that Wuhan Shanyuan motorcade can not pick up and send medical staff today. One reason is because of the ban on motor vehicles, and the other reason is because the owners of caring vehicles do not have enough protective clothing and other equipment. It is very unsafe. "

Zhang Shunshun of auto repair industry is one of the volunteer owners of good luck motorcade, after seeing Li Xiaoxiong's announcement, he still does not want to quit.

"But you can protect others better by protecting yourself. " In consideration of his own safety, he contacted Li Xiaoxiong, hoping to get a protective suit from her, but "for a long time did not get, where she is also very tight supplies, I found my own way out of two sets of protective clothing, and insist on doing a few days. "

Li Xiaoxiong is now busy because of the protective clothing, "others because of me, with me to do things, I always have to ensure the safety of others. ".

After asking around, she bought 20 suits at her own expense from several suit donors for 50 yuan each. At that time, more than 50 people in the car, 20 sets are not enough, she let the owner of protective clothing to transport doctors, no protective clothing to transport supplies.

"When I asked Zhang Shunshun to show me his record of picking up and dropping off the doctor, he said no, so I didn't give him a protective suit, " Li said, "The suits were very tight, they were disposable and we could only use them after we had finished sterilising them with alcohol. "

After the ban on motor vehicles was issued, major hospitals began to set up shuttle buses to solve the problem of the passage of medical staff. The focus of the Li Xiaoxiong team has shifted to the Three Meals a Day of transporting supplies and medical personnel.

At present, Li Xiaoxiong's motorcade has on average more than a dozen people going out every day. Each car has to run at least 100 kilometers every day. A total of more than 20 times of supplies or packed meals are delivered each day. The distances between the three towns in Wuhan are not close, and sometimes it takes 30 kilometers for a trip of supplies. A couple of trips back and forth, and the day's over.

Xiao Xiong Li often goes with his car to deliver supplies to the hospital. "three hundred boxes came in, and we girls carried them, back and forth, more times than I can count. "

She and the volunteers sometimes run into scammers. An out-of-town kind-hearted person contacted them, transfer 7000 yuan, ask them to buy some things sent to a hospital in Wuhan. Soon someone called, claiming that they were the people receiving the hospital, and Li's motorcade delivered the supplies according to the address provided by the man.

"Who would have thought there would be a liar at this time! " Little Bear was somewhat annoyed, "We were so busy that we didn't have time to verify the information, and then the hospital called and said it had not received the supplies. We then contacted the man again and found that he had deleted us and that he had stopped answering his phone. That's when we realized we had been cheated. "

In the end, Li and the person in charge of the trip pooled together 7,000 yuan and gave it back to the donor to apologize to him. The donor takes back the money, but suspects that Xiao Xiong Li is the liar. But it also gave Li Xiaoxiong a reminder, after each receipt of materials, the recipient must show identity cards and medical qualifications, shoot video archive, or sign the official seal of the hospital to receive the materials.

But that doesn't stop the cheaters. On Feb. 17, they caught a swindler who had infiltrated the docking group. "He took a fake work card, pretended to be the head of the hospital, and went around collecting supplies from the donors, " Li said, "someone reported him and kicked him out. "

As for the issue of the passage of the convoy of volunteers after the ban on motor vehicles, it has not yet been resolved.

In the early days, their motorcade volunteered to deliver supplies to the Wuhan Red Cross Society. The Traffic Control Department asked the motorcade driver to affix a logo to the vehicle and a green ribbon to the rearview mirror as a sign of passage.

"later, the Wuhan Red Cross Society was questioned, we no longer have contact with it, " the team now rely on two certificates: The donation unit's certificate and the receipt of the donated hospital. "There are two tickets that don't usually get pulled over, but you can still lose points. Not every driver has these two lists. There are 20 cars out there carrying supplies, and people who don't have a receipt sometimes have problems."

There are also some misunderstandings that make volunteer car owners feel powerless and aggrieved.

The volunteer motorcade is composed by the citizen spontaneously, "refuels the expense is all pays by oneself" . But they are also often misinterpreted as taking money from the government or institutions, "as if we should do this kind of thing, so sometimes they are very rude to us" .

On February 15, Shin Won and another volunteer convoy dispatched 18 vehicles to deliver 350 heaters to some hospitals according to receiving orders. Space was taken up by space heaters, two or three could not fit in a car, and volunteers made many trips back and forth.

At 12:30 that night, a volunteer went to the hospital downstairs, in the wind and rain call the hospital to let him receive the heater. The man in charge said it was too late, no one would pick up, so he hung up.

The volunteers call again, and there's the sound of the phone turning off. "We are afraid of the medical staff working in the middle of the night, sleep cold will be sent overnight, but also said before, " Li said.

"This kind of situation is actually quite many, so I very much understand the people who quit. " At the peak, Li Xiaoxiong's motorcade had more than 1,000 people. Up to now, more than 50 people from the motorcade who often go to the motorcade. "those who can persevere rely on their kindness as children, " Li said.

A sanitation worker eats a snack given out by volunteers

Who can feel kindness

Lee hsiao-hsiung himself has not thought of giving up.

It's not like I didn't wonder about the need to donate. When she was collecting supplies for Thor Mountain Hospital, many people talked to her privately and said, the government will certainly invest the corresponding funds for Thor Mountain Hospital, enough to buy hundreds of clothes and shoes, is it not necessary for people to collect supplies?

Li worries that if the supplies do not reach construction workers soon, they will suffer. "there were a lot of people who weren't seen: People in nursing homes, dialysis patients, pregnant women, people in hard-hit communities, construction workers and so on. We are also concerned about whether they are well protected and have food and drink."

More importantly, she felt that she was a "person who felt kindness" and gained strength from it.

The volunteers were always there to give her a sense of joy. "these post-'80s and'90s generation who don't even bother to wash their dishes at home are now moving boxes, taking responsibility and actively doing things for society, " Li said, "We raise supplies here, and then we actually give them to other people, and we really help them. "

When she was recruiting volunteers, she met a young man in his 20s. She asked him, do you know if your parents know you're volunteering? It's an infection that can kill you.

He said, my parents don't know, my parents would beat me to death if they knew.

She asked him his name. He wouldn't say.

She continued, aren't you afraid to take the virus back with you?

He said, "I didn't come home. ".

She asked. Where do you sleep?

He said, "sleep in the car. ".

He later developed a cough and fever after taking a confirmed patient to the hospital. He told Li Xiaoxiong, he also seems to be infected, need to go to the hospital, the team side is estimated to be very difficult to insist, never appeared in the team group. Later, Li Xiaoxiong also busy, slowly lost contact with him, after all, "secret parents to do volunteers too many people. ".

Not only is the volunteer, she can almost every day feel the social various personages, in own position, is doing the matter which the ability.

When a company donated instant noodles to some hospitals, she sent out a message on facebook thanking the company for donating 10,000 barrels of instant noodles. A group of doctors and nurses commented on the Social Network, "I'm so envious of instant noodles. We haven't eaten all day. ". She was very sad, quickly mobilized a few friends together to find a restaurant, money to ask there for the doctor to cook some hot food. Results one or two "just two or Three Square" fried restaurant owners called, "we do to medical staff, no charge.

Wuhan just began to close traffic that few days, Li Xiaoxiong saw doctors and nurses often busy to 24-hour round-the-clock, there is no place to rest, and can not sleep on the ground. She and the convoy of volunteers went to the small hotels next to the hospital and went door to door, asking if they could give the doctor free accommodation. "I didn't expect our suggestions to be adopted by many hotels, " Li said.

Bian Yaguang Know Li Xiaoxiong in looking for a hotel, contact her, will his hands everywhere director rent apartment all free to share out. After his apartment was full, he set up an industry group and invited all the apartment owners he knew to do something about the epidemic.

Most of the time, Li Xiaoxiong feels that he and the volunteers are surrounded by kindness.

Volunteers help the elderly in the community to run errands, buy medicine, the boss of the drug store to their pockets filled with alcohol and disinfectant, the convoy of cars have no place to disinfect, the owner of the car wash offered to give volunteers car wash disinfection; Volunteers send food to the community, the community will be their own home bacon, specially made goods into catty to give volunteers.

Liyuan hospital has been very short of supplies. On several occasions, when Li brought supplies to the hospital, there were few masks and protective clothing left. When they arrived, the doctors and nurses were so grateful, "we don't know what we're going to do tonight if you don't show up. " Then the doctor opened the box and took out some protective clothing, to Bear Lee and the volunteers.

Another time, at 8:00 pm, he and his two companions went to the Fifth Hospital in Wuhan to deliver supplies. They got out of the car to carry boxes, and two of the hospital's recipients, the doctors who had been busy all day, came to help.

Li Xiaoxiong and his companions are afraid of the doctor tired, but also afraid of damage to their protective clothing, do not let them move, but the doctor moved side told them, "run outside must pay attention to protection and safety. "

When the supplies were finished, the two doctors shoved several sets of the hospital's scarce protective clothing and goggles into them. The more they said no, the more the doctor insisted. Li Xiaoxiong and his companions drove off in a hurry. The doctor chased the car and threw the protective clothing and goggles into their car through the window. She sat in the car, unable to say a word.

Motorcade volunteers deliver supplies to the community

Helpless despair

In the early morning hours of January 29, Li felt like he was going to die. Her face was sallow, her eyes glazed over, her neck swollen with lymph nodes, and she lay limp on the bed, aching "as if she had been beaten. ".

The doctor waiting to go home, the driver waiting to pick up the doctor, the donor, and the hospital's receiving office did not know about it. In their mind, Li Xiaoxiong is still that "good-looking volunteer team captain. ". As usual, they kept sending messages on Wechat to Li, making two calls a minute, waiting for her help or dispatch.

The 29-year-old curled up in bed, wiped her eyes, held up her phone and tried to type A reply, but failed because she lacked the strength. She tried to send out a series of voice replies in a feeble voice.

Around January 26, Li Xiaoxiong presented with fever and other symptoms, on January 27 she went for a nucleic acid test, the next day got the results, was positive.

When she got the results, she was in her room crying every day, thinking, "is it going to die? "? Thinking she was "not going to make it, " she went to great lengths to edit a friend's circle that mentioned her engagement plans with her boyfriend, along with a video of the two singing "Half Moon serenade" together at a Karaoke bar. She thought that if she couldn't wake up tomorrow, at least her last circle of friends would be happy.

But on second thought, she told herself to stick to her meds and do what needs to be done. "If dying doesn't change anything, then do more good. There are so many people who need my help. "

The incessant ringing of her cell phone, and the urgent messages she needed to respond to, were something to sustain her during her illness. "You're so busy with work that you can't get all the information back, you don't get distracted by the thought of saying I'm in pain. "

She's really getting better. First the fever subsided, and then the body does not hurt, and slowly also have the strength. She had been waiting for a bed through the community, the hospital and other channels, and she joked: Maybe I did not wait for a bed sick. I never thought I'd be right.

She got better, but her father got sick. On February 1, my father developed a fever. The next day, she took him to the hospital for a 13 hour CT scan and nucleic acid test. On February 5th, she received the results of her father's nucleic acid test, which confirmed that he was positive.

She and her mother, Lin Guihua, went to the community to get a bed for her father. The reply was, "there's no bed now, we'll have to wait. " She had to keep him at home. She saw the virus that tortured her, and then she tortured her father.

My father lay in bed, unable to take care of himself, as if paralyzed for years. His mother bought him an old man's Bedpan, but his father used it and spilled it on his body and on the bed sheets, so his mother had to wash everything and everyone.

For several days, my father had a fever three to four times a day. Taking antipyretics had no effect. My mother had to keep wiping his body to dissipate the heat.

After that, his condition got so bad that he couldn't even eat. The mother grinds the medicine into powder, puts in the spoon, pours into the father's stomach.

They were worried that their father would faint and suffocate, so the two men switched shifts 24 hours a day, patting him every half hour to see if he was okay.

On February 7, the father's condition worsened and he fainted. She and her mother kept calling the streets, city hotlines, communities and filling out help sheets on various web sites, but there were no beds.

Eventually, they called again.

Last time I called, 120 said there were 400 beds up ahead. It's GonNa be a while. Li Xiaoxiong said, people are going to faint. 120 says, you wait two hours. She was so worried, she couldn't wait any longer. 120 says, can't help it. See if he breathes.

She was so angry that she couldn't do anything about it. She knew that a lot of people were waiting for their beds.

This time, 120. There's 200 beds up ahead. Will you wait?

The ambulance finally arrived. But said that can only send patients to the hospital gate, because there is no referral list hospital will not receive, patients have no place to stay, need to decide whether to send to the hospital. We can't wait for you. We have other patients to take.

She and her Mother didn't want him to go to the hospital and freeze, so they gave up. The 120 staff members taught them a few first aid techniques and left in a hurry. When he left, my father was still unconscious.

In that moment, Li felt as hopeless as she had never felt before, as she watched her loved ones die. She has always tried hard, optimistic and positive to face life, never mind to have the greatest kindness to others, and do her best to face and solve every problem, but now she realized she was powerless -- "as powerless as you are, you can do nothing in the face of life or death. "

She was so low, she couldn't help but write a friend's circle about all the things life had thrown at her. But within a minute, she had deleted her friend circle again.

"You know what it's like to be desperate, and you don't want others to feel that way, " Li said.

Meals delivered by the convoy volunteers

A sudden surge of kindness

The next day, she still sent a friend circle, want to record a life, "helped so many people, but can not help their own family" , did not expect hundreds of wechat flooded, all of her concern.

"where are you? We still have some medicine here. I'll send it to you, " asked a doctor who had taken a volunteer ride on Wechat

The nurse who lived nearby told her that she had left a bottle of disinfectant for her. Some doctors on wechat helped her "see a doctor in the cloud" , "what are the symptoms now? What do you think? Give me an analysis of the film? "

The Baker she met delivered the bread directly to her home.

She mentioned in the circle of friends for a long time did not eat meat, many friends to their home sausage, Bacon sent to her home. She said, "Don't come to our neighborhood. We have a lot of infected people in this building. ". The friend says, never mind, we'll give it to you, or we'll leave it at the door.

Team friends to her home to cook, "home are sick, certainly no one to cook, no nutrition how sick? "

She has a friend who she hasn't seen in years who lives in the Xudong district of Wuhan, far from her home. She learned from her circle of friends that she is doing a charity team, and that after she was infected, she would ride a bicycle to deliver medicine to her.

On Feb. 13, an unconnected man rode his scooter to buy her one hundred bucks worth of medicine. When the cart ran out of juice, the man pushed the cart home in the wind.

She didn't expect that. She knew that when the epidemic was over, "a lot of people would delete me. ". But for every moment of kindness, she found meaning in the thousands of messages she responded to each day. "It was heartwarming, it was worth it, and if it happened again, I would do it again, knowing it would infect me. "

Boyfriend wrote "confession" on the car, they hardly met during the epidemic

I don't want to be a hero

Without the pneumonia, Li has to do some things this Spring Festival: Reunite with his parents, take a road trip with his boyfriend, visit Disneyland, go to Xianning to see stalactites by boat, soak in a hot spring, and wait for his proposal.

Like many girls, Xiao Xiong Li is very concerned about her age. When asked about her age, she said, "My 90's. "Oh, I'm 30 years old, " she quickly corrected. "Not yet, I'm 29. ".

She loved beauty and became a medical beautician. She works in a medical art studio in Wuhan, busy days there are five or six guests a day, free time may not have one. Before the Spring Festival, she invested in the beauty and Plastic Surgery Hospital opened in Changsha, she became a minority shareholder.

Her avocation was as a video game anchor, and she was a "King of glory" in the glory of the game stage -- A game-topper. In her spare time, she likes to listen to books and has bought a membership to an audio-sharing platform, but sometimes "it falls asleep" .

After catching a swindler disguised as a hospital butt-joint in the wechat group, she would also swear with profanity, "XX, the x man! "

In the eyes of Boyfriend Peng Le, girlfriend Li Xiaoxiong has a "strong woman" side, but more often, "can be cute can stay.

He remembers taking Li Xiaoxiong to the East Lake Moshan cable car. She was too scared to sit on the bench in the cable car. She collapsed on the ground holding his legs and begged him to take her down the mountain when he returned. It was hoo hoo hoo outside and the Gondola swayed. Look out the window. People are the size of ants.

In his heart, Li Xiaoxiong is a stubborn girl.

When he first found out she was on the volunteer team, he was worried and wanted to fight with her every day to stop her from doing her job. "Why should I help others when I'm sick? I run around outside every day, " Peng said. But in the end, he was defeated by her stubbornness, "told her not to go or to go, there is no way. ". Li Xiaoxiong's team is short of cars, he knows "this is a bad time to borrow a car" , but for his girlfriend, or at least said to find a friend to borrow a car.

He was "desperate" after learning that Li was ill. Although also in Wuhan, but because the two can not meet due to traffic, he can only urge her to take medicine on time every day, Supplement sleep, "listen to her talk, give her spiritual support and hope. "

Mother Lin Guihua felt that if her daughter wanted to protect the world, then she could only protect her daughter.

She began in Li Xiaoxiong from Changsha back before cold, nausea, dizziness, lying in bed unable to move, she did not want her daughter to worry, deceive her that he had just a common cold. After Li Xiaoxiong comes back, shut oneself in the room busy work, Lin Guihua congratulates the daughter to have no time to manage her.

In his room, Lin guihua lying in bed, enduring "all over the body can not say out of the pain, " secretly to 120 call. She told 120 she was dying, and 120 said, make an appointment. She went around asking her friends for a nucleic acid test, and they said, "where do you get off now? ".

Though unable to move from her bed, she could hear her daughter's cell phone ring from morning to night in the next room. The words "supplies" , "transport" and "medical staff" were high-pitched words, and she guessed that her daughter was volunteering.

She was proud that "she had been a very loving and kind girl all her life" ; but more often than not, she was so worried that she spent half the night listening through the wall to her daughter's all-night phone calls. At dinnertime, she called her daughter to come out for dinner, but Li Xiaoxiong answered everyone's phone but hung up on hers.

Osmanthus Lin in his room hurt to tears, but also reluctant to say a word to her daughter. Listening to her daughter on the phone, she felt that "my daughter didn't know she was leaving at any time, " but thinking of Li Xiaoxiong, she had the motivation to live again.

Lin Guihua only heard Li Xiaoxiong in the room day and night call, she did not know is that her daughter is also in the same as her, lying in his room on the bed, enduring the pain of the whole body up and down.

On Feb. 2, Li discovered that his father was showing signs of new coronary pneumonia and took his parents to the hospital for a CT scan and nucleic acid test. The film shows the mother of two lung infection, almost white lung. In that moment, she felt so guilty, like she was trying to take care of everyone, and she was ignoring everyone around her. But until now, she did not tell her mother that she had been ill to "dying" , and then recovered.

Zhang Xiaoyan said that the volunteer team like Li Xiaoxiong, "put the pain in the heart" of more than one person. When one of the volunteers was delivering supplies, she noticed something was wrong with his face. She asked him, what's wrong? He said his family had passed away, so he quickly turned around and said, "leave me a message when you need it. ". She's been grieving for this volunteer driver for a long time.

In the interview, I asked Li Xiaoxiong, because you, many people say Wuhan is a hero city, what do you think?

"No matter how the hero, everyone is flesh and blood, there are parents, children, there are old people, if you can live well, who would like to do this hero? WHO WANTS TO DIE? Who wants to go through this? It would be better to donate more masks and protective clothing and more medical resources."

For now, Li's father is still in the intensive care unit of Tongji Hospital, and her mother is in quarantine at the hotel, where she herself has just completed a new round of nucleic acid tests and is waiting for the final results.

(Zhang Chen and Shunshun are pseudonyms)

This article was jointly produced by Beijing Youth Daily and Tencent News, and can not be reproduced without authorization.

There have been over 1,000 deaths and not a single case has been pathologically dissected

Farewell to Dr. Li Wenliang: May Heaven be virus-free | in-depth report

In-depth report on the 30-hour journey home of the E-A bus

Go to "discover"-"take a look" browse "friends watching"

Sent

####Send it to take a look

Sending

A scan of wechat
Pay attention to the account


-------------
title: 26 days after a 29 year old girl from Wuhan was shut down: She didn't want to be a hero, she just didn't want to be trapped by despair
source: bei-qing-shen-yi-du
authors: _
editors: _
proofreader: _
photographer: _
translator: _
via: https://github.com/2019ncovmemory/nCovMemory
link: https://mp.weixin.qq.com/s/LmK-DMDKlbnIqAZWi_6rZA
archive: http://archive.is/4Ueqi
snapshot: https://github.com/2019ncovmemory/nCovMemory/blob/master/archive/jpg/1471.jpg
lead: "I don't want anyone else to feel that way. "
cover: data:image/jpeg;base64,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
