##New Coronavirus is likely to co-exist with humans for a long time

Weixin caijingEleven

The function introduction by "CAIJING" Magazine Company Industry Report team to create, discuss the success or failure of the enterprise, explore the rise and fall of the industry, promote sunshine business

"New coronaviruses are more likely to eventually co-exist with humans in the same way as influenza viruses and rely on vaccines for prevention and control. "

Ms Mandy Kwan yee-man

Editor | Song Wei

Yang Gonghuan, a former deputy director of China's Centers for Disease Control and Prevention, has worked for years in the disease control system, keeping the retired man on the lookout for the new coronavirus that is spreading around the world.

In a recent interview with a reporter from Caijing, Yang Gonghuan said that at present many experts are beginning to discuss what kind of relationship humans and the new coronavirus will have, "Is it strictly quarantined like SARS and then the virus disappears, or is it like the influenza virus, where the virulence gets weaker and weaker, and eventually co-exists with humans and is prevented and controlled by vaccines? "

"As the epidemic changes and the characteristics of the virus become better understood, it is more likely to be the second case in the future, " Yang said, adding that the new coronavirus would be more likely to co-exist with humans for a long time.

##So far, the only infectious disease that humans have really eradicated is smallpox, which is the only one that humans have scientifically eradicated. And most infectious diseases, have learned to co-exist with humans, and people use vaccines to prevent and control them, such as influenza, measles, hepatitis A and so on.

##

Nearly four weeks after the city was shut down on January 23, the number of newly confirmed cases in Wuhan remained in the four digits. The good news is that the number of new cases in Wuhan, Hubei, has continued to decline since February 13, and the number of new cases in non Hubei areas in China fell to nearly 100 on February 17.

Yang Gonghuan stressed that if the situation at that time (Wuhan and other Hubei Cities) were not "closed, " it was likely to trigger a nationwide outbreak of the epidemic.

She said it was not time for the cities in Hubei to lift the "siege" . If the number of new cases in Hubei Province drops to double digits, "the closure of the city will be lifted. "

Here's what Yang Gonghuan told CAIJING magazine:

CAIJING: Why is the case-fatality rate of new coronavirus much higher in Hubei than in other provinces?

Yang Gonghuan: I think the main reason is that there are fewer cases of mild illness in Hubei Province than in other places. This is a problem of proportion.

Epidemiology often talks about the iceberg phenomenon, and the cases you find are like you're looking at the top of an iceberg in the ocean, and there are bigger icebergs below the surface. Mild cases can not be found 100% , but other provinces and cities except Hubei found more, may be found 80% , mild cases as a denominator larger, so the case fatality rate is low; but in Hubei may only be found 50% , so it has a high mortality rate, as if it were -- and I think that's the main reason.

The CDC recently published an article in the Chinese Journal of Epidemiology showing that as of January 20, there were 6,174 patients with the disease (this is a retrospective case, the onset of their disease before January 20, after the diagnosis) . However, as of January 20, there were only 291 confirmed cases in China, according to an official report from the National Health Commission.

The figures for the incidence rate and the reporting rate are inconsistent. Before January 20th, when the case detection rate was less than 5% . So you can imagine that at that time you would have found severe illness, and of course the fatality rate would have been higher.

CAIJING: Does this mean that the true number of confirmed cases in Hubei is much higher than it is now, but the true mortality rate is lower than the published data?

Yang Gonghuan: we can not say the actual number of confirmed cases, only the number of reported confirmed cases. We can not say the true case fatality rate, our estimate originated from the CDC's analysis of 70,000 cases yesterday, 6174 were calculated by the date of onset, and 291 cases were reported by the Infectious Disease Reporting System, we therefore concluded that the case detection rate was less than 5% by January 20.

Therefore, the high case fatality rate in Hubei is related to the high rate of underreporting and morbidity, but not the only relationship. In addition, another reason for the high case fatality rate is also related to the large number of patients in Hubei Province and the shortage of medical resources.

CAIJING: Looking back, should we re-examine the decision to seal off the city? Especially in the unprepared under the "closure of the city, " to some extent, exacerbated the chaos and cross-infection.

Yang Gonghuan: This was then, this is now. At that point, if you hadn't shut down the city, there would have been a national outbreak.

CAIJING: When do you think the city of Hubei will be lifted?

Yang Gonghuan: Hubei Province, if the daily increase in cases to drop to double-digit, it is possible to lift the "blockade. ". With new cases in the four figures, thousands more, I don't think it's time yet.

I would also like to say that we should not simply follow the practices of Japan and Singapore. Even if certain conditions are met to lift the "blockade" , we need to take into account some inherent problems in our country's hospital system. Our allocation of medical resources in different levels of hospitals is actually not enough, grading diagnosis and treatment there are many problems. When everyone had fever, concentrated to the large hospital, this action directly led to the spread of the new coronavirus.

Singapore and Japan have health care resources that are not comparable to ours, especially in terms of infrastructure for grading and diagnosing. The operation of the whole grading diagnosis and treatment system in China is still undergoing further improvement. If you don't solve these basic problems, if everyone again concentrates to large hospitals for treatment, especially if the number of cases is relatively large, it will increase the spread of the disease, that would be a waste of time, so be very careful.

"CAIJING" : How to look at other provinces and cities of strict prevention and control and some villages, urban areas of mandatory isolation measures, which is not rational?

Yang Gonghuan: each (region) is to be analyzed according to the actual situation. If there are a few more cases in Shanghai and Beijing for 10 days in a row, and of course economic and social activity can be increased, I think it's time to talk about change.

That's what Singapore and Japan have done. Their new cases are now in single digits or more than a dozen people. I think each place will be decided according to the actual situation. In their case, the choice of approach also corresponds to the prevalence of the disease in their area.

CAIJING: the practice in Japan and Singapore is different from that in China. They believe that it is difficult to prevent the spread of NCP by isolation, so instead of imposing isolation, they should strengthen the protection of high-risk groups and prepare more medical resources. Does this have a certain reference to the domestic significance?

Yang Gonghuan: everyone is constantly aware of the process of new pneumonia. Even though the rate of severe cases is not high in Wuhan, the absolute number of severe cases is still quite large after more people have been infected, in addition, the risk of national pandemic was very high, so the closure of the city was very necessary.

However, with the spread of the virus over a long period of time, the virulence of the virus may be further weakened after multi-generation transmission, with a high proportion of mild cases and particularly strong transmission, some people are only a few hundred percent likely to be infected, so it's unlikely that we can completely block the virus. Now Singapore, Japan's measures are also a kind of attempt.

CAIJING: the Hokkaido University says that nearly half of the more than 50 cases it tracks have been infected with asymptomatic infections. And some Japanese officials believe that if the person diagnosed has no symptoms, it can be considered almost non-infectious. Which of these two judgments do you agree with?

Yang Gonghuan: I can not judge at the moment, only according to the current report, but also not according to a separate report, at present our knowledge of the virus is still limited.

There have been a few reports of people being infectious without symptoms, but acknowledge that the rate is not very high.

If the asymptomatic are to be regarded as infectious, the measures to be taken in this case may be quite different from those that are considered to be non-infectious. The former is a lot more work, the latter is easier work, but there are risks. It is a trade-off that Japanese officials have said publicly that a confirmed patient with no symptoms is considered noninfectious.

CAIJING: Some experts have proposed that the new coronavirus can not be completely eliminated like SARS, it will accompany human beings for a long time. Do you agree with this judgment?

Yang Gonghuan: Now many experts in the world are beginning to discuss the relationship between human and the new coronavirus. Is it like SARS, where we isolate it, keep it under control, and then the virus disappears? Or like the influenza virus, as it spreads, it will become less and less virulent, it will become a virus with our human symbiosis, only to rely on vaccines to prevent control.

As the number of cases outside Hubei Province in our country is now getting smaller and smaller, we should start to think about whether we should take a similar approach to Singapore. For example, after two weeks or a month, the strict containment measures will be gradually reduced. Instead, routine preventive measures will be reinforced, including wearing a mask at all times, keeping people at a distance, and learning how to cough and sneeze, to avoid the spread of droplets to others, wash hands, and so on, even if there are some infections, and then some cases do not panic, slowly formed such a process.

CAIJING: Will the new crown disappear like SARS or co-exist with mankind? What is your answer?

Yang Gonghuan: along with the epidemic situation change, to this virus characteristic further understanding, in the future is more likely to be the second kind of situation.

"CAIJING" : You have many times to compare this and SARS epidemic prevention and control measures. Today, why didn't the direct reporting system for infectious diseases established after SARS work?

Yang Gonghuan: at the time of SARS outbreak, there was no direct reporting system. The report of infectious diseases was graded and reported. From the place where the infectious diseases occurred to the national level, understanding of the epidemic situation would be relatively slow; after SARS, the state invested in establishing such a direct reporting system. But in this case, it didn't work at the beginning, and even if you don't use the best system, it doesn't work.

##The writer is a reporter for CAIJING

Editor in chief | Duanhuang@caijing. COM.CN

Go to "discover"-"take a look" browse "friends watching"

Sent

####Send it to take a look

Sending

A scan of wechat
Pay attention to the account


-------------
title: New Coronavirus is likely to co-exist with humans for a long time
source: cai-jing-za-zhi-/-cai-jing-shi-yi-ren
authors: _
editors: _
proofreader: _
photographer: _
translator: _
via: https://github.com/2019ncovmemory/nCovMemory
link: https://mp.weixin.qq.com/s/iCpjzfXN2vOm59FPcEicag
archive: http://archive.today/ZHCsx
snapshot: https://github.com/2019ncovmemory/nCovMemory/blob/master/archive/jpg/1491.jpg
lead: "New coronaviruses are more likely to eventually co-exist with humans in the same way as influenza viruses and rely on vaccines for prevention and control. "
cover: data:image/jpeg;base64,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
