##Ordinary people. Light up ordinary people

Wechat, renwumag1980

Feature Introduction, the best Chinese character report

Clay Shirky, author of a book called the future is wet, notes that "the Internet and cloud computing have restored the kind of wet relationships that only tribal societies have, be Full of human feelings, pay attention to the meaning, return to the phenomenon, reproduce the concrete. "

In the immediate aftermath of the outbreak, Shaki's judgment became a reality. When social relations are cut off by intersections, houses, and stations, individuals become atoms of loneliness. Online connections open up the possibility that we can support each other. Ordinary people, who don't want to be named, can go online, and reach out to another person, and tell them that we can be each other's safety until the next spring.
It was like a black storm that swept through the lives of tens of thousands of ordinary people. In addition to this cold cruelty, there are the same ordinary people who are trying to drill wood to make a fire and warm the land with the light of the fire. This is their story.

Clay Shirky, author of a book called the future is wet, notes that "the Internet and cloud computing have restored the kind of wet relationships that only tribal societies have, be Full of human feelings, pay attention to the meaning, return to the phenomenon, reproduce the concrete. "

In the immediate aftermath of the outbreak, Shaki's judgment became a reality. When social relations are cut off by intersections, houses, and stations, individuals become atoms of loneliness. Online connections open up the possibility that we can support each other. Ordinary people, who don't want to be named, can go online, and reach out to another person, and tell them that we can be each other's safety until the next spring.

It was like a black storm that swept through the lives of tens of thousands of ordinary people. In addition to this cold cruelty, there are the same ordinary people who are trying to drill wood to make a fire and warm the land with the light of the fire. This is their story.

By Lin Niannian

Editor | locust tree

1

At 7:00 in the morning, when the window was still gray, she rose from her bed and, in order, texted nearly 10 people to feel like -- Good Morning, time to get up.

During the gap year before she went to graduate school abroad, Liang Liang took the job online and worked as a part-time supervisor in the "dying grocery store. ". The Taobao shop, which opened in 2015, sells just one item: "Hang in there. ". After customers place an order, supervisors are sent their own plans. Supervisors ask customers to "Punch in" with pictures or videos to see if they follow the plan.

Since the outbreak of new crown pneumonia, nearly everyone has been locked in their homes, and orders for "dead groceries" have doubled. The people who found this place were all different. There are day patrols, evening preparations for the IELTS office staff, there are teachers at home recording online classes, as well as Douyin on the shooting video blogger. At home, it seems, we all need someone to supervise and encourage us to beat procrastination. Another writer found Liang Liang and asked her to supervise her writing. Every time she finished 500 words, Liang Liang would congratulate him on Wechat.

The highest number of orders were placed by students, especially seniors. In the absence of a collegial atmosphere at school, they need someone to wake them up. A high school senior girl opened a live studio in B station. Every once in a while, Liang Liang went into the studio to watch her. She sat quietly at her desk with a timer, which she could use to determine if she had reached the agreed length of time. The camera caught the girl doing her homework in the side of the desk, her face unseen, her arms swinging occasionally. She will remain in this position for 12 hours.

"these kids are having a really hard time. "Liang Liang said, the pressure to prepare for the exam has been out of breath, but now also due to changes in the epidemic caused by anxiety, at home and friction with parents. When the supervision is over, the beautiful agreement of the work has been completed, but she can not help but want to comfort and encourage them.

"How are you today? " "will it be hard? "She often asked. In a few words, she would also share her experience in preparing for the IELTS test, or encourage them to persevere in a different way. "We are all working hard. How can you be lazy and be a salty fish? "? "

One of her clients was a boy whose parents were divorced. He lived alone in a rented house, studying for his college entrance exam and studying for 14 hours a day. After studying his books, he would chat with Liang about his parents'divorce and his dreams for the future. He said that high number is the most difficult, beautiful sent him a message, "planting a tree, the best time is 10 years ago, followed by now. ". "

"This is a time when supervisors need to give more encouragement and recognition. "She said. Sometimes, I just sit with him through it, and the company is important. "

The epidemic has deprived people of many face-to-face communication opportunities. In the long isolation, people will feel like isolated islands, but there are still many people like Liang Liang who launch their actions online, just like rowing boats between isolated islands, it starts with people helping each other out.

2

One night in February, at 9 o'clock, nine sisters in Shenzhen took a taxi home and saw the lights of the residential buildings on both sides of the street but empty, there is no past lively. Roadside LED displays carry the inspirational slogan, "together, we fight the plague! "! "She was in the back seat, weeping.

Since 2012, nine sisters have been known to sell goodnight text messages. At her Taobao store, a good night text message costs 1 yuan. After placing an order, you can get a message saying "good night" before going to bed. Clearly, Jiu Mei is a romantic. She once owned a coffee shop on an island in Guangzhou where customers could trade their stories for half a cup of coffee. When the store closed, she went back to Shenzhen, where she worked in the system. Life had been steady, but she did not realize that Shenzhen had become the city in Guangdong Province with the highest number of confirmed cases. Her family, who mostly work in the health care and transportation systems, are on the front lines, she worries, and a little fears.

That night, nine sister sat in bed, staring at the phone screen, unable to type A word. Good night text messages went on for days, and she couldn't think of anything to say in the face of such a catastrophe.

But orders are rising. On Jan. 24, a customer sent two weeks'worth of good night text messages to a friend in Wuhan. In a note to the order, she told Jiumei that she hoped the quarantined friends in Wuhan would know she was not alone when they received the messages. Another customer placed three orders, one for each of his three friends, "I hope they can take care of themselves during the outbreak, stick it out together, and remind them to wear masks. ".

Because of these orders, nine sister recovered, with the power to comfort others. In a text message to a friend in Wuhan, she shared some interesting facts about her life, such as the beautiful moonlight. She would remind the person on the other end of the text message, "look up and see the moon. ". Sometimes she gets a response, "yes, the Moon is beautiful. ". Someone sent her a picture of a Halo around the full moon, "a flying saucer for you. "

Six-year-old son saw nine sister in bed texting, asked, "mom, why are you texting them? "? " "if they hadn't gotten that text, they wouldn't have been able to sleep. "Said jo-mei.

In the outbreak of tension and anxiety, nine sister hope to let more than one person sleep peacefully. "Good Night" , though it has been used too much, still seems like a real, personal wish at this time. Sleep well, the next day to continue to face the spirit and strength. In the process of blessing others, nine sister felt that their hearts from the outbreak of worry is also slowly digested. With a simple text message, she walks up to everyone she can feel, and gives them the power to be gentle and comforting.

"I'm not a psychology major. I can only be there and listen. In the midst of suffering, one needs comfort. The words "good night" don't necessarily change anything, but I have faith that it will pass. I've been reading psychology books lately, and I wish I could be more professional with them. A little more, maybe I could have done a little more in this epidemic. "Said jo-mei.

3

More professional psychological assistance is being provided simultaneously on the network.

Since the New Year's Eve, psychological consultant Huang Jing has not rested. She returned to her hometown in the northeast and worked in her room. One of the computers burned out, and all I could think about was eating one meal a day. She is the head of operation of one point Ling, a tmall store that provided paid psychological counseling to customers before the outbreak. On New Year's Eve, one point spirit launched free psychological assistance and recruited 500 volunteer counselors in three batches.

Unlike other psychological help lines, one touch does not have a phone number, only a Qr code entry. Before entering into counseling, the counselor should categorize his or her identity. Red Is for front line health care workers and confirmed patients, orange is for police officers and suspected cases, and blue is for other ordinary people with anxiety and sleep disorders.

This is a special path created overnight by Topaz and other consultants. The order will automatically transfer the customer to a team of consultants of the corresponding color for a one-on-one consultation. For those who just want to vent, they set up a "one-click pour" portal. A phone call usually lasts 30 to 50 minutes, and Huang must hurry to repair the trauma of the counselor.

The ratio of red, orange and blue is 1:1:8, and most people consult because they are caught up in the anxiety of the epidemic. "The current epidemic may be a 6 or 7 for individual anxiety, but why do we always feel 10 for anxiety? Because there is an information overload, the anxiety is amplified by daily news feeds. "

After a Wuhan girl placed an order, Huang called her back. She and her mother were both infected with neocoronary pneumonia, a mild case with no bed space. In order not to let father infection, mother and daughter moved out of the home, into a hotel. On the phone, the girl calmly talked about her and her mother's plight, and Topaz knew that the calmer she was, the more desperate the person on the other end of the line was. In the community, the hospital these social resources have been denied, Huang Jing changed direction, adjust the girl worried psychological state. We can't let her sink deeper into this. We have to make her and her mother survive. "

We are strong, but ill. " Huang Jing reminds her, "it's just the environment that makes you feel like a weakling and gives up hope. "Huang Jing and the girl talked about the girl's mother, how to work from the countryside to the city to buy a house, get married and start a family. Your mother has energy. She's strong. You need to give her the strength to talk to her about the future, and you need to hang in there. "

A civilian police officer also placed an order. At a traffic hub on the Wuhan border, he checks passing cars, and every time the window is rolled down, he is too nervous to inhale. His wife had a fever due to Tonsillitis, and the four-month-old child needed to be cared for, but he was afraid to hold the child for fear of passing the virus from the outside world to the child. He often went without food and was in a constant state of anxiety.

Thank you so much for all your hard work, and all of our consultants on the outside, thank you very much. "Topaz called him and said. As soon as the words fell, there was a heavy cry at the other end, and the tense strings suddenly became loose.

If your wife checks and it's Tonsillitis, you're probably not infected; you can check with your Doctor Online, and there are many ways to do that, Huang told him.

He needs validation. He needs to be seen. We just tell him a simple fact to help him see the details that he misses during an anxiety attack. "

Topaz's counseling is continuing. At first, they offered free consultation only to Hubei. Later, the project was launched nationwide and has so far received more than 14,000 requests for help. In Huang's view, the outbreak of psychological assistance work is only now taking its first step. The impact of the epidemic is far-reaching, for different levels of trauma psychological reconstruction, will be the post-epidemic psychological counselors to do.

After encouragement and reassurance, those who can not cross the glacier need professional help from psychological counselors such as Topaz. In the face of disaster, there are those who are ashamed to express their emotions, and those who resist the intervention of outsiders.

44

Xiao Wei, a 12-year-old boy, had been looking forward to the Spring Festival for a long time, but the epidemic came and ruined all his plans to visit. At home, the net cuts the world out of the window into small pieces. He finds everything so boring. His parents scrutinize his every move, and then criticize him. When his parents weren't looking, he swiped his phone, searched Taobao for a product that had long since been banned from sale, and repeatedly asked customer service if there were other ways to buy it.

At 9 a.m. that morning, Taketsuna received a call from an online customer service provider. TAKETSUNA gets nervous every time he gets a call like this. He knew that every phone call meant he had to hurry to save a life.

TAKETSUNA is a member of the Ali Safety, Ali Health and customer service team's "protect your life" program. His daily task is to find and dissuade people who are suicidal and ready to buy goods to commit suicide.

Communication and pacification, contact relatives and friends, police cooperation... this is a set of artificial intelligence technology and cooperation among all parties rescue mechanism.

In the past, few people showed suicidal tendencies during the Spring Festival holiday, Taketsuna said, but during the epidemic, people's mental health issues were of more concern. The early warning usually comes in the early morning hours, when these buyers ask seemingly inexplicable questions, and their inner vulnerability is exposed in the dialogue box.

The case of Xiao Wei is one. TAKETSUNA was immediately alerted by the merchant's customer service. The team contacted the Henan police immediately after the trial. The address given by Xiao Wei was vague and there was no specific house number, just the unit, which was home to more than 100 families. The police could not go door to door because of the outbreak. They linked up with their colleagues in the office and combined the information they had retrieved to find Xiao Wei's home.

More than an hour later, the police knocked on Xiaowei's door, parents are still confused, know the details, just feel scared. After the police had done pacify and the psychological assistance, telephoned Wu gang's team, informed Xiao Wei Ping An, all talented people settle down.

Cases like this are piling up, and Taketsuna is getting a glimpse into the mindset of the epidemic. The isolated environment makes everyone anxious and uneasy. These crises can happen not only to the mentally immature teenagers, but also to the adults.

I've been eating at your store for 50 days. Am I GONNA die? Can you tell me something about the cure? A buyer found a shop and asked, "My neighbors are going to call me 120. "

"What did you eat? Can you give me your contact information? "enquiries were not answered. Businesses turned to Ali security for early warning for help. Finally the police came to the door, only to know that it was the impulsive words of the buyer. She sat at home, very embarrassed: "I am just in a bad mood, stay at home for a long time very upset. ". It was just an emotional outburst. I didn't think you'd actually show up. "

People's mental health is also under stress, whether it's emotional outbursts or a certain amount of grief.

The rescue by early warning orders was a one off, and TAKETSUNA wanted to salvage the fragile human heart of the epidemic. There was a Hong Kong buyer in the communication with the business exposed suicidal, long-distance alarm difficulties, the phone also can not get through, the only contact is Taobao account. TAKETSUNA set up an independent team to follow up on the case, and colleagues asked him about his condition every few hours until he replied, "don't worry, I'm safe now. "

"When a person receives the constant attention of a stranger, he is moved, and he needs it to come out. "TAKETSUNA says businesses also try to calm customers'emotions before a team effort.

In the reality can not dissolve the emotion knot, the stranger often unwinds it slowly.

5

TAKETSUNA's unit, Ali security, deals with all kinds of risks. When the outbreak came, the Commodity Management Team put in thousands of times the anti-epidemic supplies orders in response, anti-fraud team across Zhejiang Province sent more than 10 million epidemic fraud compulsory alert message; Three engineers in the safety technical team, during the quarantine, tried to use their expertise to transform the epidemic prevention and control environment, to calm people in the outbreak of anxiety.

On the first day of the Lunar New Year, when Wuhan was sealed off, Nange fled to Hangzhou from Xiangyang, Hubei Province, on a hard sleeper train with his wife and two children. On the 15-hour train, he was up most of the night. The closed railway carriage jolted and the passengers came and went, casting suspicious, fearful glances at each other. He could only hold the child as close as he could, keeping his eyes open until 5 a.m. , when the train stopped. A night of trepidation on the train made him realize the importance of early detection and early warning of high-risk groups in public places.

After dust routinely took his father from his home in Jingzhou to Hangzhou for the New Year, the family was quarantined for two weeks, and the old man has not left the building. But he found that although the community has a lot of manpower to prevent and control the epidemic, but subtle, there is still a risk of letting the tricky virus escape. "With automated identification tools, it makes a lot of sense. "

On Jan. 29, Shuri and his family returned home from a holiday abroad, and he learned only after the flight landed that passengers with Wuhan nationality on board needed to be screened. Five days later, he developed recurrent high fevers. He was taken to Xixi hospital in Hangzhou by 120. After CT scan and two throat swab nucleic acid tests, he was finally diagnosed as common cold and sent home with two boxes of anti-inflammatory drugs.

Shuri once said the most important thing to do to control the epidemic was to isolate it at home. The admission gave him other ideas: Stopping the flow of people might not solve the problem at all. "perhaps the most important aspect of pandemic control is the safe movement of people. "

Separated at their home in Hangzhou, the three decided to do something together. Starting Feb. 1, they and their team spent just 11 days developing a system that could be quickly deployed in communities, airports, train stations and other places to help prevent and control outbreaks in public places.

Using thermal imaging and infrared technology, the system can simultaneously measure the body temperature of multiple people, wear masks to identify and alert and track high-risk groups. That is, it can detect the body temperature of a moving person in real time, and it can also tell if they are wearing a mask.

Nange can not forget the night of terror on the train, and the alert look of people who regard their own kind as the enemy. In Shuri's and dust's view, their efforts during the quarantine, in addition to providing some capacity for outbreak control, can also address deep seated fears of the unknown.

Whether it is Jing Jing, Jiu Mei, Huang Jing, Wu gang or security engineers, they are all ordinary people in one. Together, these ordinary people have woven a web of powerful threads to try to hold back those who are nervous about the epidemic.

While front line doctors and nurses struggle to treat patients'physical pain, ordinary people back home are doing everything they can to heal and protect the hearts and minds of those who have been scarred by pneumonia. With hope, when every ordinary people are waving in the hands of the lamp, to help watch, isolated island will also be connected to the mainland.

Haven't you seen enough?

LONG-PRESS QR code to follow "people" on Wechat

There's more where that came from

WECHAT SWEEPS UP Praise for author

####Send it to the author

People Admire

Long-press the QR code to transfer the funds to me

Under apple's new rules, wechat's iOS version of the APP has been turned off to support public accounts through Qr code transfers.

Go to "discover"-"take a look" browse "friends watching"

Sent

####Send it to take a look

Sending

A scan of wechat
Pay attention to the account


-------------
title: Ordinary people, light up ordinary people
source: ren-wu-/-mei-ri-ren-wu
authors: _
editors: _
proofreader: _
photographer: _
translator: _
via: https://github.com/2019ncovmemory/nCovMemory
link: https://mp.weixin.qq.com/s/7J5QA5N7S2WeNrqcrVa5kw
archive: http://archive.is/xN1Fm
snapshot: https://github.com/2019ncovmemory/nCovMemory/blob/master/archive/jpg/1474.jpg
lead: Watch over each other, isolated island will be connected into a continent.
cover: data:image/jpeg;base64,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
