##In Wuhan: What am I going through right now

Weixin Quanmingushi

In fact, everyone's story is thrilling.

“
My parents were both medical professionals, my father was on call all the time, and my mother was in charge of all things nurse. These days only go home once, New Year's Eve, I eat at home alone on New Year's Eve.

“

My parents were both medical professionals, my father was on call all the time, and my mother was in charge of all things nurse. These days only go home once, New Year's Eve, I eat at home alone on New Year's Eve.

January 23rd, 2:00 a.m.

The new pneumonia prevention and Control Headquarters in Wuhan has issued a notice, from 10:00 on January 23,2020, the city's bus, subway, ferry and long-distance passenger transport will be suspended. People should not leave Wuhan without special reasons, airports and railway stations are temporarily closed from the Han corridor. Recovery time will be announced.

From then on, the city of Wuhan was closed.

During this period, Wuhan Residents of daily life is how, the National Story Project collected eight Wuhan Residents of daily life, the following are the oral account of the parties:

"I only slept for four hours. I'm still scared. "

Ms. Chen, 32

New Media Planning

He lives in Hanyang District, Wuhan

My mother was hospitalized for a blood clot in December (in the Department of Neurology at Concord West Hospital) , and on December 30 my mother came home and told me that the Department of Neurology received a large number of patients a day.

I went to the hospital every day to see her description of the situation, before the Department of Neurology is indeed a lot of patients, but the beds are not so tight, 30 days, it is said that the corridor is full of people.

The next day, when I was at work, my colleague sent me an article about finding SARS in Wuhan. I thought it was a rumor, but I heard it was SARS.

I started to check with my friends, a friend who used to work at a newspaper, and she replied ten minutes later that the news was true, and then my colleague contacted his fellow doctors, and the news was, it's most likely the SARS coronavirus, but it's sporadic so far, so there's no cause for alarm.

Since December 31, I have been following the development of this issue every day. Before January 19, I was anxious because the numbers in Wuhan had not changed. After the 19th, I was very anxious because the numbers started to spike.

On January 19, my family had a reunion dinner for the Spring Festival. Relatives and friends from other places also planned to return to Wuhan in the next few days (later, because things changed, they all returned their tickets and airfares one after another, unable to return to Han) . After the New Year dinner, my mother had to go to 4 hospitals because she had to do some paperwork.

According to her, when she went to the hospital in January, around the 10th, doctors began to arm themselves. At that time, the news of pneumonia was zero, and only a few bits and pieces of information were available on the Internet.

After the closure of the city, my parents and I stayed at home, every day in the online news, very worried about the virus mutation. Now that my mother is well again, alive and well, it's hard to imagine her in the hospital right now.

I haven't been sleeping very well. I went to bed at 4:00 last night, woke up at 8:00, only slept for four hours, got up to go out for a burger, but all the businesses have closed except the supermarket.

"The first thing that comes to mind is hoarding food. "

Mr. Peng, 37

The head of the company

He lives in Qingshan District, Wuhan, Wuhan

I arrived at Wuhan Station on or about January 15. Before returning to Han, someone in the company group asked my colleague in Wuhan, "Is Wuhan pneumonia not serious? " My colleague in Han said there was nothing wrong.

So I went home defenseless.

On January 16, I also received colleagues from Beijing to Han on business. I had a meal in Han Jie. There was no change on the street. On the morning of January 20, I woke up to a surge in online diagnoses and realised something was wrong.

At 11:00, I used JD.com home to place an order for eight packs of face masks (disposable face masks, no N95 face masks) from a nearby pharmacy, and, alert, I bought some more snacks at a JD.com supermarket. For the New Year.

On the 21st, I also gave my father to do ideological work, let him do not go out, but my father or in the 22nd uncle was pulled to Hanzheng street shopping clothes, fortunately Hanzheng street market in addition to shop owners, not many people.

On January 21, Wu merchants, although some people wear masks, but it is normal to hit the state of New Year goods, no one raves

At 2 am on January 23rd, when Wuhan issued a notice to close down the city, I woke up at 9 am in my sleep, terrified.

My mother and colleagues drove to Yichang on business, 23 back to Han, highway entrance open, no temperature, but to check more strictly out of the city.

Right now, I'm with my parents and my girlfriend is in Shanghai. Every day, my girlfriend asks me if I still have enough stuff at home, if I need to buy some more, but now it's hard to get the goods in the city, and I'm not sure I can send them quickly.

I don't know if my former colleagues in Wuhan, whom I haven't talked to in a while, would think it was a "Treme" experience. Afraid to ask, afraid to think.

"I was lucky and sad to be without my child. "

Grace, 32

Purchasing

Home in Wuhan Qiao Estuary

After the closure of the city, my family and I stayed at home for three days, did not go downstairs, because before the purchase of New Year goods, a lot of food, a total of four people at home, but also eat for a while.

Unable to go out, the old man watched TV in his room and occasionally played with his cell phone. My husband and I are more boring, every day to sleep until noon to get up, today to eat the Brunch is tomato egg noodles, very light. It hasn't been a very good year.

After the city was shut down, they cooked simple noodles at home for the festival

At present, the community, interpersonal network contact, there are no cases, so relative to the rumors on the Internet, the state of mind is relatively stable.

There is no plan to buy online, there is no special need for things, masks before some of the stock, because do not go out, so there is no mask consumption.

Fortunately, my three-year-old had already been sent home to Guangxi on New Year's Day, when I had to return to Guangxi because of rumors on the Internet that pneumonia was contagious and my ID and driver's license had to be renewed.

Originally, I thought of the New Year to go home to pick up the children back, did not expect, because the city, temporarily can not go out to pick up the children. It's hard to get away with something when your kids aren't around, but there's no other way.

"My daughter's out of town. She's in more of a hurry than we are. "

Ms. Zou, 58

Retiree

Around the end of December, my daughter told me that there is suspected infectious pneumonia in Wuhan, let me wear a mask, I usually have the habit of wearing a cloth face mask, also did not pay much attention. Later, at my daughter's urging, I went to the drugstore and bought a few large bags of disposable surgical masks off and on.

Every day when you go out to wear a mask, people around you will laugh about it, said it was so serious, nothing to do, we are still in a happy atmosphere, almost no one alert. And I live in a neighborhood not too far from Hankou, so I'm okay psychologically.

On January 19, my daughter told me that she had returned her ticket back to Wuhan to meet me for a trip. On January 21, things took a turn for the worse. I also returned my ticket out of Wuhan, and my daughter canceled the trip.

On January 23, when the city was closed down, everyone suddenly broke down psychologically. The square dancing sisters who usually danced with me were afraid to go out at home and had no desire to watch entertainment programs. It's more stressful when there's a kid in the house.

My daughter calls me almost every day to ask how things are at home. She tells me not to go downstairs, not to run around. I used to walk down the stairs every day, even in the rain, in the parking lot, and now I can't go out, and I feel really suffocated.

My husband is more stable than I am, still at home to change the water tank, but I do not want to do anything, often standing on the balcony to see outside.

The streets, normally crowded with traffic, are now empty.

Today, the community sent us a "Hanyang District confidential personnel information summary Form" , let us note.

Now I do as my daughter said, through boxes of horses and so on to order some food, but showed that can not deliver, many have stopped, to buy things can only go in person, but I dare not go out.

I'm GONNA try again tomorrow, see if I can get an order for box horse.

"I can't go home. I'm discriminated against as a Wuhan. "

Master Yuen, 27

Designer

He lives in Wuchang

When the pneumonia wasn't so bad, I booked a trip to Seoul, South Korea for the Spring Festival.

At 7 am on January 21, I was boarding at Tianhe Airport. I was asked to take off my jacket to check my temperature. No fever was shown. After boarding the plane, the flight attendants all put on N95. At 12 am on the 21st, I arrived at Incheon Airport in South Korea.

Wuhan travelers arriving in South Korea are herded to an exit, queued up to check their temperature and recorded, and asked to leave the address of their upcoming hotel. South Korean customs and airport staff are all wearing masks.

See the appointment after the ground, the other side said the first thing is the pneumonia in Wuhan. The other side told us that the South Korean side of the epidemic is very serious.

When we were sent back to our hotel, we immediately received a call from the South Korean travel agency, saying that all recent South Korean tours had been canceled, that people from abroad would not go to China, and that Chinese people were forbidden to come out.

On the morning of the 22nd, I went out and heard that two other suspected cases had been detected in Wuhan. South Koreans were all wearing masks.

A group of people went to dinner. The Korean food shop was full of Chinese people. All the talk was about pneumonia in Wuhan.

By the 23rd, Wuhan announced the closure of the city. All morning I was still thinking that I could at least go home and reunite with my family. No matter how much they didn't want me to go back into the "muddy waters, " I still had to go back.

On the afternoon of the 23rd, I was informed that the flight had been re-booked. "There are no flights to Wuhan now. They all fly around Wuhan. "

We are scheduled to fly to Zhengzhou in the early morning. But to Zhengzhou where to live, CTRIP also can not give a solution, "now every day the situation has changed, we can only wait. "

On the 24th, the second day of the city's closure, Wuhan looked like a plague city abroad. I saw Chinese tourists buying face masks by the case at the pharmacy, where the K94 and K95 are the same in Chinese.

In the evening, I contact CTRIP, the other side or let us safely wait, one of their colleagues is also Wuhan, will arrive in Zhengzhou, with the situation will inform us.

On the 26th, we were put on a plane from South Korea to Zhengzhou. All the passengers from Wuhan were seated in the back of the plane. They were all wearing masks and were not allowed to communicate with each other.

When we went to change boarding passes and check in before boarding the plane, the Koreans wore masks and masks automatically, and they didn't want to talk to us much, just hoping that we would leave quickly.

To Zhengzhou, we can not immediately get their luggage, to test, specific days to get is not clear. When will the seal be lifted? When will the family be reunited.

I've been crying a lot these past few days.

"No cars, no life back there. "

Feeling, 33

Non-profit workers

He lives in Wuchang, middle 10 th street

January 17, December 23, Small Year's Eve, Wuhan is still a peaceful, the annual meeting of the unit, the road wearing masks few people.

January 19, December 25, I was near the unit of the pharmacy to buy 15 packs of masks, at this time the pharmacy mask is still very sufficient.

January 20, December 26, this time young people slowly realize the seriousness of the problem, on the way to work has begun to wear masks.

On January 22, the 28th of December, I called my relatives in other places to tell them that the New Year's dinner at the Happy Garden had been canceled and I wouldn't go back to Wuhan with my children.

A self-deprecating "New Year's Eve" in Wuhan

January 23, December 29, the city of Wuhan closed, all of a sudden people are afraid, masks have become a shortage of goods, afraid to go out, but still drove to the parents sent masks, to the children to store up milk powder, bought a pile of vegetables home.

January 24, New Year's Eve, Wuhan Bridge, Wuhan Three towns were isolated, I have been afraid to go out, that day, I have been in the non-stop call messages to friends and relatives, let them must not go out.

On January 25, the early morning of the first day of the Lunar New Year, motor vehicles are restricted, vegetable farms are closed, everyone does not know how to ensure the back of life, the Internet said that the community equipped with vehicles, the community will statistics community situation. So far, no one's called.

Wuhan is a Rhythmic adult contemporary city

Jon Millet, 34

Finance

He lives in Jianghan District, Wuhan

I am a very authentic Wuhan, born in Hankou Shangzhi Hospital, growing up in the Yangtze River, from birth to now has not left the land. See Wuhan so many years of development, from the self-mockery of the "dirty mess" to now can be evaluated on the civilized city, is really a step-by-step footprints, it is not easy.

In 2019, Wuhan held an international sports event ——————————————————————————————————————————————————————————————————————————————————————————————————————————————.

At the end of December, we began to receive news of unexplained pneumonia in the south China seafood market, but no one around us paid much attention to it.

It wasn't until January, when my cousin didn't show up for New Year's dinner, that I learned that he had been feverish for several days, with burning pains in his airways, and that he had gone to the Central Hospital early in his illness, only prescribed Oseltamivir, and the doctor told him to go home and rest. I was so sick that I couldn't buy anti-inflammatory drugs at the drugstore. I took out two boxes of cephalosporins from home and gave them to my aunt to take back.

That night, my cousin because of high fever, or to the Central Hospital emergency, the night CT, later confirmed pneumonia non-COVID-19 pneumonia, is still in Tongji Hospital for treatment.

Because the new year, my father-in-law hoarded a lot of food at home, probably can eat until the tenth day of the Lunar New Year. Now the child at home, follow-up need to go out to replenish some food for dinner, but also depends on the time when the city traffic conditions.

I'm embarrassed to say I'm a victim.

In my mind, Wuhan is a Rhythmic adult contemporary city. Our medical care is not bad, our education resources are abundant, and our economy is developing rapidly. What we lack is not money, what we really lack is that we won't miss the best time to make a decision because of hesitation, and I'M NOT GONNA turn down foreign aid because of pride.

"Mom and dad stood guard. Didn't come home for three days. "

LETHE, 23

Occupation not disclosed

He lives in Caidian District, Wuhan

A native of Wuhan, I returned home after college and have been working in Caidian District. On January 15th, I came home from vacation and didn't hear about the new pneumonia until the 20th or so. Back then, people didn't care, and no one on the street was wearing a mask.

It wasn't until the 22nd, December twenty-eight, that we started paying attention. Our neighbors started buying masks and preparing some vegetables. On January 23rd, Wuhan announced that it was closing the city, and then came the news that it was going to build a "Little Tangshan" hospital in Caidian District. That place is less than 20 minutes from here.

At first everyone was shocked, did not expect the situation is so serious, after learning that some large hospitals, feel that this is necessary, but also some peace of mind, at least to ensure access to medical care.

My parents were both in the medical profession, and we often heard about the lack of beds and equipment, so we all knew it was an emergency to build this hospital. These days, my parents are on duty in the hospital, three days to come back home, the rest of the time are arranged in the hospital rest area overnight.

In small hospitals, the emergence of suspected new pneumonia patients will be sent to a large hospital for treatment. My parents were on call, my father was in charge of the clinic, and my mother was in charge of everything with the nurses. On New Year's Eve, my parents didn't come home either. I cooked at home alone, there are vegetables, a person ate dinner, play a game for a while, and then read a book, sleep.

It was quiet outside, but there were fireworks on New Year's Eve, and I hoped it would all blow over.

Call for

The National Story Project will continue to monitor the outbreak, and not just in Wuhan. We will continue to pay attention to what ordinary people in other parts of Hubei are facing.

If you are in Hubei, we would like to ask you about your daily life at the moment. You can share your experience with US backstage. We'll be releasing them in later installments.

In the next issue of the National Story Project, I'm in Huanggang: What I'm going through right now.

By Li Xiaojing

Editor | Kamoshi

▼

The national story project is looking for anyone with a story

Tell the story you care about and send it

tougao@quanmingushi.com

As soon as the story was published, it was paid 300-1000 yuan for each thousand words

Please support the National Story Project, Click here

Go to "discover"-"take a look" browse "friends watching"

Sent

####Send it to take a look

Sending

A scan of wechat
Pay attention to the account


-------------
title: In Wuhan: What am I going through right now
source: quan-min-gu-shi-ji-hua
authors: _
editors: _
proofreader: _
photographer: _
translator: _
via: https://github.com/2019ncovmemory/nCovMemory
link: https://mp.weixin.qq.com/s/3Oce6xJj27f_fHcV1DF7Dw
archive: http://archive.is/lC0J5
snapshot: https://github.com/2019ncovmemory/nCovMemory/blob/master/archive/jpg/509.jpg
lead: We don't want to lose our city.
cover: data:image/jpeg;base64,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
