##A village doctor wears a raincoat as a protective clothing

Wechat, bingdianweekly

Features, China Youth Daily's in depth reporting brand. We believe that news has more than one day of life.

By Qin Zhenzi

Editor, Zhang Guo

At 8 am on the first day of the Spring Festival in the lunar calendar, Hubei Village Doctor Zhang Rufang (a pseudonym requested by the interviewee) went out to work. Her Protective Gear: A raincoat, a pair of rain boots, a pair of flat glasses. She put another pair of overshoes over her wellies. Younger generation laugh at her, "non-mainstream mix. ".

Her husband suggested that she wear a motorcycle helmet at work. She tried it on, felt heavy, and gave up.

This is a village in Jiangling County, Hubei Province, more than 200 kilometers from Wuhan. There are two doctors in Zhang's village clinic and 2,000 to 3,000 daily residents. She worked quietly here for decades, until she became the last link in the rural medical system's response to the outbreak of pneumonia in COVID-19.

From 7 a. m. , the village public speakers have been broadcasting in an "imperative tone" : No door-to-door visits, no dinners. The Village Committee's lights were on all night again, and someone was on duty 24 hours a day.

Over the past few days, the number of villagers who came to the clinic was less than usual, but the symptoms of those who came were more similar, mainly fever, cough and other conditions that "looked like a cold" -- Foshan, considering the epidemic situation, villagers without such symptoms avoid going to the infirmary.

Most of the time, Zhang Rufang is to see the villagers to spread knowledge of the new pneumonia virus, "a virus of unknown origin, the initial symptoms and cold similar, but may not have a fever. ". In case of fever, she immediately sent the patient to the town hospital or county hospital for treatment. If the patient can be preliminarily judged to be a common cold, she gave some medicine to be observed at home to "prevent cross-infection in the hospital" .

According to her observation, the villagers'awareness of protection has increased significantly in recent days. When the "homecoming wave" arrives before the Spring Festival, with the return of young people, mah-jongg parlors are also on fire, demanding seats or reservations in advance. Nowadays, few people go to play mah-jongg any more, and the number of people visiting New Year is also much less. Almost all of the villagers who came to the infirmary were wearing masks, even N95 ones. The town's pharmacies mask "limited purchase" , every day "can be registered with the identity card to buy.

On the twenty-nine night of the 12th month, village cadres knocked on doors and handed out "prevention of pneumonia" leaflets, as the town had instructed. Every day, the town cadres will be village "patrol, " to the village committee, the village clinic to see, and even at the intersection will be persuaded to leave the New Year visit relatives and friends. Village officials screen "returnees" and families with red, white and wedding plans. Some villages every day "monitoring the body temperature of returning villagers" , will report the record. All villages in accordance with the town's emergency notice, "red all cancelled, white as simple as possible. ". Jingzhou city-level epidemic prevention and Control Headquarters requirements, "hotels, hotels unconditionally accept banquets, room refunds. " .

Zhang's clinic has daily contact with an average of more than 100 patients and their families. She was one of more than 10 rural dispensaries in the town, where village doctors called the town for protective clothing. "If I get infected, I'm going to infect a lot of people, " she explains.

Eventually, they were each given a suit of protective clothing coordinated from the county. Protective Clothing "very thin" , set in winter clothes easily broken, and can not be used repeatedly, "not to the last resort" reluctant to wear. Zhang Rufang now uses raincoat boots instead of protective clothing. As a precaution, she wears three masks at work, and every few hours when she needs to change one, she takes off the one that's close to her face and puts a new one on the outside. She and her colleagues survived for three days on 10 face masks that had been distributed around town, plus some supplies from the infirmary. On the morning of the second day of the New Year, she received a notice from the town that medical supplies were in place and could be picked up at the town health center.

Previously, the shortage of medical supplies was an obvious problem. Zhang Rufang's niece, who works outside the city, told reporters that her fellow villagers had been using social media to appeal, "ACCEPTANCE OF DONATIONS" bulletin issued by Jingzhou Central Hospital, Jingzhou First People's Hospital and Jingzhou Second People's Hospital. Zhang's daughter had to Jingzhou People's Hospital doctor friend for help, hoping to find a set of protective equipment for his mother, but was told "I even mask to buy outside, where the protective clothing. ". Someone in the group posted a video of "making goggles out of paper bags, " which Zhang Rufang's husband saw and went to find his wife a raincoat and motorcycle helmet.

For the "new type of pneumonia" , the villagers sometimes pay attention to the attitude, sometimes despise. The News of the evacuation of overseas Chinese in the United States caused a round of tension, which would be eased by the daily increase in the number of "cured patients" reported. Wuhan to build "Xiaotangshan" , everyone's response is: "The hospital can not fit it? " A ask, four miles pat township no "confirmed" people, and feel fine.

When she was young, Zhang Rufang was sent to the city to study medicine, "We need to cultivate a 'permanent card' , not a 'flying pigeon' , and we must go back to the village, " the village party secretary told her. After the new pneumonia outbreak, her family advised her not to go to work, but she hesitated and went anyway. "We are all villagers, we are too familiar to not go. ". She admitted that she was afraid when she was alone at home and cried several times: "Who is the enemy? "? Where's the enemy? I don't even know. You don't have a weapon in your hand, and you could get your whole family involved."

But when she put on the white coat, she felt less pressure, "this is my job. ".

Every day when she gets home from work, Zhang Rufang wipes her raincoat with 84 disinfectant and wipes the keys, locks, door handles and furniture she has touched with alcohol. In order to protect her family, she insisted on wearing two masks at home, and family room and sleep. The family eats with communal chopsticks and tries to use disposable cutlery. She would take her meals away from her husband and daughter.

The town was in a state of emergency. Town Hall's on the clock. No one's off for the holidays. The same is true in the county seat. On the evening of the first day of the Lunar New Year, someone received a notice issued by the town leader in the early hours of the morning, informing the villages that they should call in trucks within their jurisdiction to close the road junctions and assign special personnel to guard them. Except for emergency rescue vehicles, all travel is restricted; overnight arrangements are arranged in the villages, "implement the act of self-preservation, no terms, no remuneration, wartime state, 100,000 urgent. ".

Previously, the Jiangling County Prevention and Control Headquarters has issued a series of 1,2,3 announcements, measures including suspension of public transport lines, health registration of people returning from other places, closure of business premises and setting up of epidemic detection points at major transport routes will be announced.

The first morning of the first day, Zhang Rufang went out, there are villagers at the door to visit, hope to see a doctor, she did not agree. But it was inevitable: as soon as she got home at night, an old man came for his wife, who had a cough, asked her for medicine, looked her over and said, "still wearing a mask? Why are you so afraid of dying? "

She had already decided that she would go to town to buy some disposable raincoats and "put a plastic bag over her head tomorrow" .

(this article was independently produced by the China Youth Daily, first posted on the China Youth Daily Client and headline number, and added to the tree project.)

Go to "discover"-"take a look" browse "friends watching"

Sent

####Send it to take a look

Sending

A scan of wechat
Pay attention to the account


-------------
title: A village doctor wears a raincoat as a protective clothing
source: FREEZING POINT
authors: _
editors: _
proofreader: _
photographer: _
translator: _
via: https://github.com/2019ncovmemory/nCovMemory
link: https://mp.weixin.qq.com/s/Ual8bxKz-IaLOeyCD-DWlw
archive: https://archive.ph/WCAOu
snapshot: https://github.com/2019ncovmemory/nCovMemory/blob/master/archive/jpg/344.jpg
lead: "put a plastic bag over your head tomorrow. "
cover: data:image/jpeg;base64,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
