##Special Report on epidemic period (inspection by Municipal Commission of Discipline Inspection)

Micro-signal Mengbeiyu

Feature Introduction, an anachronistic cynic's thought and attempt.

Harvard: A SPECIAL CHAPTER OF THE EPIDEMIC: The Discipline Commission of the epidemic period

Reciprocity of authority and responsibility, this should be a widely accepted logic. But in fact, the grass-roots do not believe in tears, but the bureaucrats always believe in "persuasion. ". Officials up there have always believed that persuasion can solve all problems, even profits, so when asked what they should do at the grassroots level, they often answer as -- as if. The problem is widespread at the grass-roots level:

A few years ago, when I was also in charge of rural road traffic, a villager on a motorcycle overturned on the village road and died. The villager was riding an unlicensed motorcycle, without a safety helmet and without a driver's license, such cases are quite common in areas below the county level. It is a common phenomenon that you see a motorcycle passing in front of you on the road leading to the village in the countryside, the chances of it meeting all three criteria -- license plate, driver's license, and helmet -- are less than 30% (which I think is a conservative number) . Less than 30% of the rest are due to frequent cycling trips to the county and downtown areas, where traffic police are so strict that they have to be fully equipped with documents. For most villagers who only occasionally cycle into the county seat, they have one or two, or none at all, of the license plates, driver's licenses and helmets.

County officials are ready to take the opportunity to overhaul rural road safety, but traffic police are mostly responsible for urban and county roads and highways, which are usually handled by township traffic control offices. Under normal circumstances, the colleagues of the traffic control office are engaged in Traffic Management Work under the leadership of the traffic police, wearing the clothes of the auxiliary police. However, when there is no traffic police, it is very embarrassing. The auxiliary police have no law enforcement power, it is very easy to be questioned when law enforcement is carried out alone. It is fine for those who have a good attitude. No matter whether people turn around and listen to you or not, at least they have a good face-to-face attitude. Some people who think they know the system well see that you are an auxiliary police officer, see you are auxiliary police, straight away, even stop to listen to you chatter two words are not willing, perhaps also to you a few words.

That's the problem with power and responsibility.

The Secretary of the Old Road Community secretary cried the other day. One of the characteristics of Niaoyuhuazhen is that the village secretaries are almost all men and only one woman, while the community secretaries are almost all women and only one man. Female secretaries are very sensitive. In the last urban-rural environmental health evaluation, four villages that did poorly were asked to go on stage to make a criticism. Three male secretaries went on stage shouting loud slogans and even had a sense of humor, only the female secretary of the North Frog community Said said that on the cry, the tone obviously with a spirit of unwilling.

Chi Zhaoping, the Community Secretary of the old road, cried this time because the city's disciplinary commission had made an unannounced visit to the epidemic and found that some of the old road's shops were still open. Notice of criticism, will be issued at a level, a layer of blame down, blame the old road community did not do a good job of persuasion and guidance.

The leaders in charge of the department severely criticized Chi and asked her to close the shops within the same day. The shops were not the usual crowded stores such as restaurants, Mahjong Parlors, Internet cafes, etc. , police stations and the Bureau of Industry and Commerce and other law enforcement agencies directly intervened to close down, but clothing shops, mobile phone shops, electrical shops such as the flow of people is not very large shops, such shops law enforcement agencies did not prohibit their business as usual. So the responsibility fell to the Old Road Community Committee.

Secretary Chi was very aggrieved: "You say we did not do the work? "? So many shops, we go to work to persuade closed, but our community what law enforcement rights, is not to rely on community cadres repeatedly to persuade, most people are responding to the call, have closed the shops. But there are a few families that do not listen to advice, we have been to advise several times, others do not listen, what can I do? What right do we have to shut down a store? Why are we being notified? We've always been the best in the community, except for our work. How can a few shops be left open and deny us our work? If our community has the power to close other people's shops, we didn't do it, that's my fault, but we don't have this power, AH, the shops are left open and we should look for law enforcement agencies, it's also the responsibility of the Bureau of Industry and Commerce and the police station to hold them accountable, what power do our village cadres have to enforce the law?"

Chi's grievance is typical, no power, no obligation, no power, no responsibility, power and responsibility should be interdependent. Just here to say that I left the "office of Epidemic Prevention and control" the last straw, that is, at that time and colleagues Baiyang, lü after the differences.

Baiyang and Empress Lü Zhi are both active members of the usual government, and the 30 year old women who are always able to find their way around the office are no exception, which has helped shape their more egotistical personalities. Of course, there's a lot of ego in my personality, which is why we can't work together.

Du Yumen was the director of the epidemic prevention and control office at the time, and I was the deputy director, and Baiyang and Empress Lü Zhi and others were members, but Baiyang and Empress Lü Zhi had personalities, and they always had something to say. I think brainstorming this is very good, but when everyone is uncertain, there must be a person to take the idea, DU director regardless of business details, so this matter naturally by me to take the idea. But Baiyang and Empress Lü Zhi didn't seem to listen to me. They went their own way, and in order to move forward, I listened to their opinions, even though I thought their opinions were not fully considered, so that the whole office can move in the same direction. But it didn't go well, because we didn't turn in the forms on time that day, and we got two notifications.

The leaders came to question me. I think a lot of the organizers'choices, we don't like to admit that we don't have control over our subordinates, it makes me look like a bad organizer. Therefore, I did not have the means to tell the leadership on the spot the reason for this problem, and I could not effectively organize everyone to work together. In the first place, it was the performance of my deputy director's lack of ability. This pot can not be thrown away and can not be washed.

After being scolded by the leaders, I was full of anger. It happened that the notice from above urging the form came again. This time I was determined to carry out my work according to my original plan. Baiyang and Empress Lü Zhi objected on the spot, and my anger exploded at once, so we got into a fight. In the end, Du decided to press on with the work in accordance with Baiyang and Empress Lü Zhi's improved plan.

I felt a thousand grievances in my heart. I think it's like this. If something goes wrong, I'll bear the consequences. If I'm scolded or punished, it's my fault. But if I don't do it my way, do it their way, then something goes wrong, it should be their responsibility. Why do I get to be the deputy director, I get to take responsibility, and then do it in a way that I don't approve of, and then blame me for everything that goes wrong.

The first time, I admit, it was my poor organization, failed to put everyone together effectively, but the second time is so, I can not accept. So I went home and I kept punching the wall, and after about a dozen punches, the wall was still harder than my fist, and my knuckles were still bruised, and did they hurt a little bit when I typed on my phone. After a long rant, the neighbors didn't complain, but fell into bed and sent the message to Secretary Huang.

This story is also meant to show that power and responsibility need to be equal, a decision maker must be responsible for their own decisions, otherwise it is always Bai Yang and Empress Lü Zhi who make decisions, and it is always me who gets blamed when things go wrong, then they'll never really matter. Only the person who will be scolded will have real motivation to complete the task successfully.

This city Discipline Inspection Commission epidemic inspection, Niaoyuhua town was notified not only the old road community, but also terrace village. The reason for the report was that the inspection team inspected an outdoor home-going observer and found that the family of four did not wear masks at home and ate together at the same table instead of having separate meals. So in the post-inspection Communication Meeting, the City Disciplinary Committee will be this situation and the county leadership for an exchange. The county leader is very angry, request the bird language flower town to rectify immediately.

To be honest, I don't know what readers think of this phenomenon, but I think it is normal: readers can imagine if your husband (father or son) returned home after the Lunar New Year, the government requires your husband (father or son) at home self-isolation for 14 days, then I ask, you will be the whole family in the home every day wearing a mask? Do you eat separate meals when you're cooking? Do you talk to your husband (father or son) from less than a meter away?

I admit, of course, that the commission's solution is scientific, but it is unrealistic, and I suspect most readers'families would not do the same. And as a government, we don't have the power to force people to do that, and even if we did, we can't enforce it, and we don't have very good regulations, because it's in someone's home, and we can't put a camera in their home, and have people staring at the screen every day. Therefore, I think the comrades of the Municipal Commission for Discipline Inspection can raise this issue, either for the purpose of raising it, or because they have been separated from the masses for too long.

Or if I'm wrong and most readers'families do what the city's Disciplinary Commission requires, then I've been out of touch for too long. So tell me, readers, would you do this?

Share this article with everyone you know

WECHAT SWEEPS UP Praise for author

####Send it to the author

People Admire

Long-press the QR code to transfer the funds to me

Under apple's new rules, wechat's iOS version of the APP has been turned off to support public accounts through Qr code transfers.

Go to "discover"-"take a look" browse "friends watching"

Sent

####Send it to take a look

Sending

A scan of wechat
Pay attention to the account


-------------
title: Special Report on epidemic period (inspection by Municipal Commission of Discipline Inspection)
source: ji-ceng-xu-gou-gu-shi
authors: _
editors: _
proofreader: _
photographer: _
translator: _
via: https://github.com/2019ncovmemory/nCovMemory
link: https://mp.weixin.qq.com/s/kWI1eJTD_32ile6Y20_yoQ
archive: http://archive.is/lLYMG
snapshot: https://github.com/2019ncovmemory/nCovMemory/blob/master/archive/jpg/977.jpg
lead: If your husband (father or son) returns home for the New Year, and the government requires your husband (father or son) to stay at home for 14 days in self-isolation, would you wear a mask at home every day? Do you eat separate meals when you're cooking? Do you talk to your husband (father or son) from less than a meter away?
cover: data:image/jpeg;base64,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
