##Solve the mask dilemma by starting from both sides of supply and demand

I-CAIJING

CAIJING magazine official Wechat. "CAIJING" magazine, sponsored by the China Securities Market Research Center, was first published in 1998, adhering to the news concept of "independence, exclusiveness and originality" , and is known for authoritative, impartial and professional reporting, it is a must-read publication for policy-makers, researchers and managers in the field of politics and economics.

The following article is from LatePost by Da Xing Dong Bolin Xu Jiafeng

Later. Better. It is a new brand launched by CAIJING magazine in collaboration with Xiaowan's team. All first-hand interviews, no second-hand information. Be Your most trusted business news outlet.

_
As work resumes across the country on February 10, it will be necessary to take the necessary measures on both the demand and supply sides to avoid a more serious shortage of masks
_

_

As work resumes across the country on February 10, it will be necessary to take the necessary measures on both the demand and supply sides to avoid a more serious shortage of masks

Da Xing, Dong Bolin, Xu Jiafeng

In order to alleviate the shortage of medical materials in Wuhan and Hubei Province, governments at all levels, charitable organizations and people of concern are making efforts to collect medical materials from all over China and even the world and ship them to the epidemic areas. But to this day, some medical supplies are still in short supply, of which masks are about the most scarce of all frontline medical supplies. Judging from the current supply and demand, in the next period of time, masks are a kind of scarce goods.

Why are face masks more in short supply than other important medical supplies, including protective clothing? After all, the suit's production capacity looks smaller, and it seems likely to be even scarcer. But in the actual fight against the epidemic process, most ordinary people do not need protective clothing, and will not have a conflict with the needs of health care workers. Masks are a daily necessity for everyone in the midst of an epidemic, and with work expected to resume soon after the Lunar New Year holiday, millions of ordinary people will only consume more after Feb. 10 as work resumes across the country.

Therefore, it should be considered from the demand and supply side to take the necessary regulatory means, in the name of a more serious shortage of masks.

##

Supply side: the most optimistic estimate is that 20 million masks are available in China every day

Why are face masks in such short supply? A SIMPLE ARITHMETIC PROBLEM: supply and demand.

According to figures released by the Ministry of Industry and Information Technology, China's maximum mask production capacity is 20 million per day, while China's mask production capacity is half that of the world, that is, the world has 20 million daily production capacity in addition to China.

Domestic first. Also according to the Ministry of Industry and Information Technology, China's mask production capacity was 8m a day on January 29(equivalent to 40% of Capacity utilization) and was revealed on February 2 to have reached 12m a day (equivalent to 60% of Capacity utilization) , why are there only low Capacity utilization? In addition to the supply of raw materials, transportation logistics and other issues, the lack of workers should be the biggest problem.

Why are there not enough workers? First, the current period is itself a period of transmission of the new coronavirus, and the workers themselves are human and are not inclined to take the risk of infection and go out to work. Second, transportation in most provinces is already highly regulated, workers who have already returned to their homes face significant practical obstacles, even if they want to return to the factory. According to media reports, in many places even if some enterprises have been paid five times the usual daily salary (700-800 yuan) , they can not summon enough workers back to the factory production.

According to several media reports, the government has now taken over the factories and production capacity of the main medical protective materials that meet the national standards, our initial assumption is that the government will be able to solve this Capacity utilization problem in a few days (how, we will analyze later) , reaching a capacity of 15 million masks per day in February.

Look abroad. The question here is, how do we make the most of the 20 million masks a day that exist abroad. Some countries have already stopped exporting face masks to China after the World Health Organization (WHO) classified the new crown epidemic as a PHEIC (public health emergency of international concern) , one reason is the emergence of imported new crown epidemics in these countries, which have seen a surge in the demand for their own masks, and another is the flow-through impact of the WHO PHEIC on movement of people, International Trade and customs clearance procedures.

Although China imported more than 56m masks from around the world in the past week (an average of 8m a day) , according to the General Administration of Customs, those imports were more for existing stocks than for new production capacity.

So for the foreseeable future, it will be difficult for China to take full advantage of the 20 million masks it produces overseas. At best, assuming that it can import 5m masks a day from abroad, plus 15m at home, China could then acquire a fresh supply of 20m a day. If you discount that optimism, there may actually be only 10-15 million, at least in February.

On the demand side: a conservative estimate is that China consumes 10-15 million masks per day

We divide the demand for masks into three categories: medical personnel, "national economy and people's livelihood" maintenance personnel (police, logistics, infrastructure and other industries related to national economy and people's livelihood) , the general public.

First, the paramedics. According to the Mayor of Wuhan, there are currently 60,000 health care workers in Wuhan, with an average of five masks per person per day, or 300,000 masks per day. Based on the population ratio, there should be around 300,000 health care workers currently working in other parts of Hubei, assuming that each person has three masks per day, which is close to a million masks.

Based on the same population ratio, the rest of the country assumes about 4-7 million health care workers currently working, with an average of 0.5 masks per person per day, or 2-3.5 million masks. 300,000 in Wuhan and 1 million in other areas of Hubei plus 2-3.5 million in other provinces of the country, a total of about 4-5 million daily consumption of masks.

Second, the "national economy and people's livelihood" maintenance personnel. These personnel include the police, municipal management, logistics management, transportation hub management, water, electricity, coal and telecommunications and other infrastructure management, protection of people's livelihood of the retail industry, "national economy and people's livelihood" and other key posts.

If 10 million people (equivalent to less than 1% of the population) need to work every day, and every three days with a mask, that is about 3-4 million daily mask consumption.

Third, ordinary people. For the most part, the country's 1.3 billion people, with the exception of those in health care and municipal maintenance jobs, are now mostly ordinary people who rarely go out at home.

Let's be extremely conservative and assume that only one in 10 people in the country responded to the national call to wear a mask (most people in rural areas do not wear masks or cloth masks) , that is 130 million people, an average of three people per household, that's 40 million households using face masks, and the average household uses only one mask every 7-10 days, which means 4-6 million masks per day.

The above calculation is rough, not too rigorous data support. But in the epidemic, people's situation, supply and demand are changing every day, the precise calculation of the above figures is very difficult.

If we base this simple calculation on the total daily consumption of face masks in China at present is: 4-5 Million Health Care Workers per day + 3-4 million municipal maintenance workers + 4-6 million ordinary people + 10-15 million.

Summing up the above analysis, if we compare the supply (10-15 million per day) and demand (10-15 million per day) of face masks across the country, we find that face masks are indeed in a "tight balance" , and because of the production and logistics cycle, in many local areas, especially the epidemic areas in the rapid consumption of medical resources in hospitals and health stations, is likely to be in serious shortage of masks.

All of this is based on the fact that most ordinary people are still at home and rarely go out.

A new turning point in the balance between supply and demand: starting to resume work nationwide on February 10

Most of the provinces will resume work after February 10(21 provinces have announced plans, 20 of them after February 10) , and at that point, one of the most important factors in the supply-demand balance of face masks will be broken.

1.3 billion people in the country, and even assuming the most conservative assumptions, that 10 percent, 130 million people, responded to the call to wear masks, and that these people were very frugal, changing masks very infrequently, assuming that each person consumed only one mask every three days, that means the average person consumes 40 million masks a day. This figure alone, is not enough to meet the needs of health care workers, has exceeded our total daily mask production capacity (10-15 million) . This means that we will soon be caught in a systemic shortage of supply and demand for masks.

How do you break the tie? In order to solve the shortage of masks, we must look for possible breakthroughs in both supply and demand.

SUPPLY-SIDE BREAKTHROUGH: Government intervention, financial subsidies, personnel supplement

Given that the government has taken over most of the country's mask production capacity, the market means of guiding production with price signals no longer exists, a major prerequisite for understanding the current supply situation in China.

In a normal market environment, there does not seem to be a debate about whether government or market hands are more effective. But as the epidemic has spread rapidly, the government has changed the character of many factors of production: transportation, for example, most of the provinces and cities where the epidemic has been severe have closed or semi closed their cities, for example, to resume work, according to state regulations, most businesses need to delay the resumption of work.

In such cases, without direct government intervention, it may take days or weeks for the hands of the market to find ways around these restrictions to stimulate production, while human lives in the affected areas can not wait, so the government's rapid intervention was inevitable. Since then, the government's goal has been clear: to resume and expand production as quickly as possible.

According to the disclosure of the Ministry of Finance, as of January 29, finance at all levels had invested a total of nearly 27.3 billion yuan to ensure the financial needs for epidemic prevention and control, some of this should be directly or indirectly used to subsidize the production of medical supplies, including face masks. So government intervention is good for the supply of face masks, at least in terms of money, and the government's no-cost investment can control the possible risk of short-term market failure.

The next big question is: Can the government really solve the bottleneck of mask supply, in addition to putting money into it?

According to media reports, some of the raw materials for medical masks have recently increased in price by 40% or more, assuming that the rising prices of raw materials can be overcome by financial funds, then can the shortage of workers be solved?

In fact, the more severe the outbreak, the less likely workers were to return to the factory. In extreme cases, if there is a 100% chance of getting infected, then no one will go out to work; if there is a 50% chance, then only a few people who are desperate to make money will go out to work. Of course, we can give some "abandon small family to protect everyone" individual cases, but these are after all an individual case.

Given the vast majority of the country's 30,000 mask factories and 20m mask production capacity, there must be a positive correlation between worker shortages and the severity of the outbreak. To this end, the government can do or is already doing the following:

First, use fiscal funds to subsidise extra wages to attract workers. In Xiantao, "the government will pay the cost to the factory and won't let us suffer, " according to the paper.

Second, the government sends people directly to supplement production. In Wuhan, Shanghai and Quzhou, news of direct involvement of civil servants, Chengguan and volunteers in the production of masks can be seen.

The essence of the first means is to increase incentives, attract labor, partial market, while the essence of the second means is the government's direct intervention, partial planning.

If neither is sufficient to fill the labour force, is there a third?

For example, the armed police or military, or other countries can send personnel directly, directly involved in production, or in a more systematic way to mobilize manpower to participate in the production of masks everywhere. This would ensure a faster and more stable labour supply.

Demand side breakthrough: Improve Logistics, reduce the flow of people

On the demand side, the premise is that, given that the current production capacity of face masks in China is basically taken over by the government, almost all face masks leaving the factory will be requisitioned directly by the government, and the distribution of face masks will no longer follow the guidance of market and price laws, the government is sure to ship most of the masks to Hubei Province, and the number of masks left for non-epidemic areas will be kept to a minimum.

In this case, even if the retail price of masks is liberalized, with the exception of some very little production capacity, there will be no masks through market channels into non-epidemic areas. So the supply of face masks in most parts of the country is bound to remain very tight.

We can do that, and the health systems everywhere can do that, of course. So in the past few days, some media outlets have been reporting experts calling for the general public not to wear masks or change them frequently. This is clearly intended to reduce the need for masks, at least psychologically, among the general public.

However, if the general public on the face mask procurement needs to be decomposed into actual needs plus psychological components. Expert calls can reduce the psychological component to some extent, but it is difficult to change the actual demand.

Simply put, a city white collar worker who has returned to work still needs to wear a mask on the subway, bus and office, and must also wear a mask. This very practical use demand will not decrease.

At the same time, the government wants people to wear masks in these public places as much as possible. After all, the source of infection in most provinces has not been completely removed, and no one can afford to continue the risk of mass transmission. In this sense, actual demand is also "must demand" .

How to reduce the actual demand for masks? There are two possible paths.

First, in areas where the epidemic is more severe, enterprises are forced not to resume work ahead of schedule and are provided with financial subsidies.

There is a simple but practical problem with this approach: For many companies, not going back to work immediately means losing money. According to media reports, catering company SIBE if the current cash flow situation, can only last three months. This is not an individual case, most enterprises if not operating, and staff wages and rent and other fixed costs still have to pay, it will generate huge cash flow pressure.

Many businesses are different from offline retailers like Sibe: Even if Sibe could go back to work today, no one would spend money because most people are reluctant to eat in public places like restaurants because of the outbreak If most enterprises can return to work ahead of schedule, their business can be carried out more normally, such as manufacturing, logistics, agriculture, trade, consulting services and other industries.

These off-the-shelf retail companies have a strong tendency to let employees go back to work early. In these enterprises, in addition to some posts can be remote office, most of the posts or the need for staff on-site, which will produce staff back to work in advance of pressure.

In order to alleviate this pressure, the government departments have two choices in theory: First, reduce the loss of delayed resumption of work; second, increase the cost of early resumption of work.

The two choices are logically the same, but the former is a positive incentive, and the latter is a negative incentive. Under the background of great pressure on the overall operation of enterprises affected by the epidemic, the former will have much less resistance to implement, it is also in line with the broad principles of current macroeconomic easing and stimulus.

How to reduce the loss of delaying the return to work? The government can provide subsidies indirectly through tax relief, which does not involve direct expenditure of financial resources, so it does not cause short-term pressure at all levels of government.

Next, how do you decide how much to subsidize each business? Similarly, the government could use the annual income in the tax returns provided by businesses the previous year as a basis for a daily subsidy.

It is important that the government pay more attention to employee-intensive enterprises, such as manufacturing and service industries, it is an important measure to stop the infection source and reduce the pressure of face mask consumption to stop the staff return and resume work in time.

Of course, there's a lot of execution detail and complexity involved, but it's a good place to start. Different regions and industries can also formulate specific and flexible policies according to the actual situation.

Second, organize social forces as far as possible to provide door-to-door transportation and logistics services, especially in epidemic areas.

With the exception of Wuhan, Huanggang, Wenzhou and Hangzhou have issued orders restricting residents from leaving their homes. Each household can send one person out every two days to shop, and no one is allowed to go out. It is likely that other cities with severe outbreaks will follow suit.

At the same time, if the majority of people's needs for goods and services can be met by going to their homes, the need to go out will be further reduced, and the consumption of masks will therefore be further reduced.

Unifies carries on the door-to-door service or the physical distribution transportation, the mask consumption certainly lower. For example, if one person delivers food to several neighborhoods, it can deliver 100 households of food a day, which may consume only one mask, whereas if one person in each of these 100 households goes out to buy food, even if it takes 10 purchases to change the mask once, also requires 10 masks. So a professional visit to the house will greatly reduce the consumption of masks.

JD.com, Hema, Dingdong, ele.me, Meituan and other Internet platforms have built up ready-made logistics distribution systems and perfect management systems in most cities over the years. The difficulty of scale expansion should be relatively low, now is the time to take advantage of this infrastructure.

Of course, the current number of delivery personnel on these platforms is not enough to support the demand for universal door-to-door services. If large-scale door-to-door services are to be systematically implemented in some cities, new Recruits or volunteers must be recruited at higher wages, and government departments everywhere should offer wage subsidies or manpower assistance as soon as possible.

The resumption of work in most provinces is a week away on February 10th. If the epidemic is not significantly reversed by then, the tight balance between supply and demand for masks will likely be upset, or even a national shortage of masks. This is not a good thing, either from the point of view of epidemic prevention and control or from the point of view of public sentiment.

The battle for the mask doesn't leave us much time. In a normal policy environment, we have more time to deliberate, but under the pressure of an epidemic, decisions must be made quickly and decisively.

(Da Xing works for an investment firm, Dong Bolin works for the Bank of Communications and Xu Jiafeng works for the Shanghai International Studies University. The views expressed are the author's own, edited by Song Wei.)

Read more about the outbreak in pictures

Editor in chief | Duanhuang@caijing. COM.CN
This is an original article from CAIJING magazine, which can not be reproduced or mirrored without authorization. For reprinting, please leave a message at the end of the article to request and obtain authorization.

Editor in chief | Duanhuang@caijing. COM.CN

This is an original article from CAIJING magazine, which can not be reproduced or mirrored without authorization. For reprinting, please leave a message at the end of the article to request and obtain authorization.

Go to "discover"-"take a look" browse "friends watching"

Sent

####Send it to take a look

Sending

A scan of wechat
Pay attention to the account


-------------
title: Solve the mask dilemma by starting from both sides of supply and demand
source: cai-jing-za-zhi-/-cai-jing-shi-yi-ren
authors: _
editors: _
proofreader: _
photographer: _
translator: _
via: https://github.com/2019ncovmemory/nCovMemory
link: https://mp.weixin.qq.com/s/J0GgLtfELgWpcW4rfz63nQ
archive: http://archive.today/jq5ls
snapshot: https://github.com/2019ncovmemory/nCovMemory/blob/master/archive/jpg/319.jpg
lead: As work resumes across the country on February 10, it will be necessary to take the necessary measures on both the demand and supply sides to avoid a more serious shortage of masks
cover: data:image/jpeg;base64,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
