##The Shelter Hospital is officially open, internal conditions are yet to be perfected, and 36 other news items about the outbreak

Micro signal

What happened before the Earth was destroyed?

Development of epidemic situation

According to Dr. Syzygium aromaticum's real time data, as of Feb. 6,2020, there were 28,129 confirmed cases, 24,702 suspected cases, 3,766 new confirmed cases, and 5,328 new suspected cases in China. There were 3859 severe cases, 564 deaths and 1290 cured cases.

1. Cases of short-term infection in people who did not wear masks during contact occurred in Zhejiang, Hangzhou and Foshan. According to a report by chinanews.com, two cases of short-term infection were confirmed in Hangzhou and Ningbo in Zhejiang Province, both of which had no history of travel to the affected areas or contact with wild animals. The public security authorities, through monitoring and investigating the route of action, proved that they had accidentally come into contact with patients with new crown pneumonia, infection due to both parties not wearing masks. The couple, who were diagnosed in Hangzhou, met a person with newly diagnosed pneumonia (who was not diagnosed at the time) for 50 seconds at a clinic on January 22, after January 25,3 days) , and after February 5,14 days) . Ningbo man had been in Shuangdongfang vegetable market on January 23 and a patient "close co-resident" about 15 seconds, after February 4,12 days) confirmed.

2. Asymptomatic infection can also be a source of infection. For the first time, asymptomatic infected people may also be the source of infection, according to the COVID-19, which published the fifth edition of the diagnosis and treatment plan for pneumonia. This reporter noted that compared with the previous four editions, in the clinical classification, the first increase in the "light. ". Li Xingwang, a member of the National Medical Expert Group and chief expert of the Center for Infectious Disease Diagnosis, treatment and research at Temple of Earth Hospital in Beijing, said the "light" component of the diagnosis and treatment plan was aimed at better controlling the source of infection.

3. Nearly 20 people were put on trial for deliberately concealing their travel and failing to report the onset of illness. According to a report by the Hsinking daily, a reporter combing through police reports across the country found that nearly 20 people had been Public Security Bureau on suspicion of endangering public security by dangerous means, for crimes such as deliberately concealing their itineraries and failing to report the onset of illness.

4. Foshan, Wuhan: A minimal infected person may be infected vertically from mother to infant at 30 hours of birth. On February 5, Wuhan Children's Hospital confirmed a minimal case of infection, only 30 hours old, the mother is confirmed new coronavirus pneumonia infection. "This suggests that we should be concerned about a possible new route of transmission of NCV —— Vertical transmission from mother to child, " said Zeng Lingkong, director of the Department of Neonatal Medicine at Wuhan Children's Hospital and Director of the ward

Future Studies

1. Academician Wang Chen said it was not clear when the inflection point would occur. Breathing and critical care medical experts, Chinese Academy of Engineering Vice President, president of the Chinese Academy of Medical Sciences Visit Wang Chen, "News 1 + 1" column. "The problem is that the bottom line of the epidemic is not clear and the criteria are inadequate. In addition, the current failure of communities and society to quarantine patients, the spread of family and society is still very threatening. This "inflection point" can not be predicted without effective regulation

Urban Prevention and control

1. Patients begin treatment at the Foshan Square Hospital in Wuhan. At 2200 hours on February 5, the first 200 patients were admitted to the Wuhan International Convention and Exhibition Centre in Kong Hon. Wuchang Wembley Arena and east West Lake Wuhan Living Room and other hospitals began treatment at the same time. In accordance with the "rules for the management of a Shelter Hospital" , admission is required to meet five conditions, including newly diagnosed patients with coronavirus, self-care ability, age 18-65 years old, no respiratory system, cardiovascular and cerebrovascular diseases and mental disorders; Mild or common; negative for influenza nucleic acid. The patients are transferred from the government organization, the treatment is mainly oral, through the examination of the patients change to decide whether to transfer to the designated hospital or to leave cured.

2. Academician Wang Chen on the function of the Shelter Hospital. Chen Wang, an expert in critical care medicine and vice president of the Chinese Academy of Engineering and President of the Chinese Academy of Medical Sciences, was a guest at the News 1 + 1 program, saying that the original intention of establishing the shelter hospital was to "accept everything we can. " "If we use some large facilities to treat patients, even though the medical conditions are not perfect, but the capacity is very large, we can solve the problem of a large number of beds very quickly. Because of the high mobility of a large number of patients with mild illnesses, it is critical that these patients can be treated to a large extent in a shelter hospital, where they can be treated while still being isolated."

3. Foshan Square Hospital, Wuhan, China. According to Weibo user@why is it so hard to change the name? Also, "Wuzhan Shelter Hospital. The conditions here are so bad, it's not like that at all. Electric short-circuit power failure, electric blanket can not be used, sleep at night shivering; can not injection, their own ball can not play the third. There were 1,000 people sharing a toilet, and no one was cleaning it, and the patients'excrement and urine spilled out of the urinal pit; breakfast was served at 10 a.m. , and a few snacks and Chinese food were not available; there were no doctors or nurses to register their condition and dispense medicine, and the hands were too busy; there was a severe shortage of oxygen, and in the wards of hundreds of people there was not a single bottle of oxygen, and cough kept coming and going

4. Some patients in Wuhan Foshan accepted pure Chinese medicine treatment scheme. According to China Youth Daily reporter Wang Jiaxing on Weibo@wangjiaxing XX, "Previously, the epidemic prevention headquarters required all patients to receive TCM treatment. I thought, "just don't give up Western medicine. ". Just an interview when a doctor introduced, some patients are receiving pure Chinese medicine. I was in a mixed mood after listening to it! Mild illness! Most patients are still 'integrated traditional Chinese and Western medicine based therapy' . "

5. There are 132 concentrated quarantines in Wuhan. The Information Office of the Hubei Provincial Government held a press conference to update the COVID-19 on the latest progress in the prevention and control of pneumonia. Hu Lishan, director of the People's Congress and Deputy Party secretary of Wuhan, said there were 132 central isolation points in Wuhan, with 12,571 beds and 5,425 people under central isolation. The isolation place needs to have the condition is the ventilation good, the hygienic condition is good. In addition, these isolation points are relatively far from residential areas and are staffed with the appropriate medical personnel and staff.

6. The four categories of people on the door of Foshan, Wuhan. On the morning of February 6, Wuhan held a "mobilization meeting for the comprehensive investigation of the pneumonia epidemic" , attended by Politburo member of the Communist Party of China Sun Chunlan, Vice Premier of the State Council. "All the city's efforts should be made to conduct door-to-door examinations of the 'four categories' of personnel, take temperature tests, ask close contacts, fully implement the 'four-party' responsibility of the district, industry departments, units and individuals, and strengthen grid-based management. Either one household should be settled down or one person should not be missed, and the 'four categories' personnel should be immediately sent to isolation points and designated medical institutions for treatment, and the first-visit responsibility system should be implemented. " The 'four categories' personnel include confirmed patients, suspected patients, fever patients who can not be ruled out of infection, and close contacts of confirmed patients.

Kill. A County Hospital has a "0" stockpile of protective materials in emergency in Suizhou, Suizhou. On February 5, a list of the urgent needs of the Second Hospital in Guangshui, Hubei Province, seen by the reporter of the China Youth Daily website China Youth Daily, showed that, the hospital medical protective masks, medical goggles, protective shoe covers and many other items in stock are "0. ". Guangshui is one of Suizhou's county-level cities. Guangshui Second Hospital Logistics and material support responsible person confirmed to reporters that this is Guangshui new pneumonia epidemic prevention and control of one of the two designated hospitals, the demand list is true. "We can only use used goggles, mask disinfection re-use, shoe cover their own processing. Disposable hand sanitizer can not be bought everywhere, can only be made with alcohol. "

8. Defense supplies in Nanyang are in emergency condition in Florida, Nanyang. According to Henan Daily News, due to the impact of the situation on the demand for epidemic prevention and control, the stocks of medical protective materials in several designated treatment hospitals in Nanyang have run short, the first-line medical staff is short of N95 mask, medical one-piece protective clothing, goggles, disposable isolation clothing and other necessary materials. The basic-level prevention and control personnel can only wear a simple disposable mask, lack of necessary protection. To this end, Nanyang city government to encourage designated hospitals through a variety of channels to the community to seek help, buy or accept donations of protective materials.

9. A forced entry mask, or suspected violation of the law, in Dali, Dali, Yunnan. A requisition notice for emergency disposal issued by the Dali Bai Autonomous Prefecture in Dali, Yunnan Province, has attracted the attention of netizens. In order to effectively strengthen the prevention and control of the epidemic, nine masks sent from Ruili, Yunnan Province, to Chongqing were "requisitioned in an emergency according to law, " according to the notice. The notification was signed by the Dali Health Bureau on February 2,2020. HSINKING newspaper reporters called the notice on the telephone, the operator said, this is the Dali City Health Bureau to receive people report the hot line, admitted that the notice is the Dali City Health Bureau issued.

In response, Zhao Peng, vice president of the China University of Political Science and Law, said that according to the Emergency Response Law and the Infectious Disease Prevention and Control Law, the government does have the power to requisition materials for the need to control the epidemic. "However, according to the law on the prevention and control of infectious diseases, local governments at or above the county level can only requisition materials within their respective administrative areas. If the requisition involves nationwide or trans-provincial, municipal, autonomous region or municipality directly under the central government, it shall be carried out by the State Council. "

10. Renters from a house in Dali, Yunnan Province, have to insist that tenants from outside the province are not allowed to return in the near future. "Dali propaganda" , the official wechat account of the Propaganda Department of the Dali Municipal Party Committee in Dali City, Yunnan Province, issued a notice on February 5 from the headquarters of Dali's work to combat the COVID-19 pneumonia epidemic (No. 6) , which said, people from other provinces who work, study or live in Dali province are not allowed to return in the near future (except those from various organs and institutions as specified in circular no. 5 of the epidemic prevention and control headquarters of Yunnan Province) . House renters must demand that tenants from outside the province not return for a short period of time and suspend the rental business for people from outside the province.

Kill. Street closures in Xicheng District, Beijing. In order to prevent and control the epidemic, the streets of Guangnei have divided all the districts into three types: those with property management, those with abandoned management or those with inadequate property performance, and those with bungalows. For the residential area with property management, the street start area property units to close the management of residential area, the flow of external personnel, vehicles, registration, temperature measurement. In the case of communities that have abandoned management, lost control of management or have failed to perform their duties, the Party Committee of the community will take the lead and play a bottom-digging role by mobilizing active members of the Party, Party members, building directors and community volunteers to strengthen the management of prevention and control, for the district management at night, the property security by the street and other joint community party members, floor door long and volunteers for management. In view of the courtyard of the low-rise area, the street has formulated a prevention and control plan to carry out whole-area closed management, uniformly set up an entrance and exit, strengthen the registration and temperature measurement of the returning and the out-of-towners, and make clear contact persons in each courtyard, make sure all personnel are properly checked in.

12. All villages in Foshan, Jiangxi Province are under closed management. On February 6, the official website of the Health Commission of Jiangxi Province released a notice on the ten measures to further strengthen the prevention and control of the epidemic. The announcement said that all village groups (small areas) in Jiangxi are under closed management, and that residents of this village group (small area) enter and leave with valid documents and undergo body temperature tests. All Migrant Jiangxi personnel are required to report immediately to their units and village groups (communities) , failure to take the initiative to declare, refuse to accept temperature measurement, medical observation and other preventive and control measures will be held responsible in accordance with the law.

13. Vehicles with license plates entering the city from outside Xianyang, Xianyang. According to the situation of the epidemic prevention and control work, the Xianyang Epidemic Prevention and Control Headquarters Office decided, the Government of the People's Republic of China of Xianyang, Shaanxi Province, said in a notice posted on its web portal on February 6, implementation of relevant control measures on motor vehicles in Xianyang. Banning of vehicles with licence plates outside Xi'an and Xianyang from entering roads in Xianyang.

14. The subway system was suspended in Foshan, Ningbo, Zhejiang. From February 6,2020, the operation of the Ningbo Rail Transit Line was suspended and the relevant bus routes were adjusted simultaneously.

Medical Solution

1. The first patient to be discharged from hospital with new pneumonia in South Korea, on Oral anti-aids drugs. According to Yonhap, a second case of COVID-19 pneumonia found in South Korea was discharged on Feb. 5 after 13 days of treatment. This is the first cured case in Korea. On January 24, the patient was admitted to the National Central Hospital of Korea after being diagnosed with infection. The hospital has been using oral anti-hiv drugs since the third day of his hospitalization. Chest x-ray results showed improvement of the lungs after three days of treatment, the clinical symptoms such as cough disappeared on the seventh day of Hospitalization. The World Health Organization said at a Feb. 4 press conference that there is no conclusive evidence that anti AIDS and Zaire ebolavirus drugs are effective against the new coronavirus and that clinical trials are ongoing.

2. Boston-based pharmaceutical expert Dr. Wang Haoran recommends new coronavirus drugs. According to Tong Zhiwei, a professor of constitutional law at the East China University of Political Science and Law,@tongzhiwei, Dr. Wang said the drug should be able to fight the new coronavirus and save lives in a pinch; the drug is cheap and available in OTC pharmacies in the United States and online in China This drug may be no less effective than first-line drugs, at least with existing drugs play a synergistic effect, a hundred benefits and no harm! Dr. Haoran Wang graduated from Shenyang Pharmaceutical University in 2003 with a bachelor's degree in pharmaceutical science for five years. He received his master's degree in pharmacology from the Oregon State University School of Pharmacy in 2005 and his doctorate from the University of Texas Southwestern Medical Center in 2009.

Peripheral influence

1. The Railway Foshan operates as a free refund, spread-out seating. The Ministry of Railways has decided to refund the tickets purchased before the 6th day free of charge from February 6th. The paper tickets purchased can be postponed to March 31st before 2400 hours for refund. At the same time, a "decentralized ticketing" mechanism will be introduced to reduce risk by separating seats.

2. Public Transport -- lock-in, quarantine. At a press conference held by the Joint Prevention and Control Mechanism of the State Council, Cai Tuanjie, a spokesman for the Ministry of Transport of the People's Republic of China and deputy director of the Department of Transport Services, said that with citizens returning to work and students returning to school, the peak return passenger flow is coming. In order to reduce the risk of an epidemic in the places where passenger traffic enters, public transport for the return journey will control the occupancy rate, reserve space for scattered seating and separate seating, and establish an isolation zone at the rear of the vehicle in case of suspected or confirmed cases, that area can be temporarily quarantined.

3. A shortage of masks makes it difficult to resume work. According to Caixin, some factories are facing difficulties in raising enough face masks to start work, and are told they are waiting in line when consulting with face mask factories. Although China produces and exports 50 per cent of the world's masks, with a "maximum capacity of more than 20m a day" , it is still struggling to cope with the huge consumption. There has been a shortage of masks in Japan, Hong Kong and other places. People's Daily Online reported that the Shanghai Mask Factory is looking for volunteers to help with mask production.

4. Foshan, China: A platform for local life to attract food and beverage workers. On Feb. 6, Alibaba's local life services company launched the Blue Ocean job-sharing platform, offering the first batch of 10,000 take-out rider jobs. So far, it counts about 4,000 restaurant employees who are interested. Faced with the impact of the COVID-19 epidemic, many restaurant businesses in the short term can not operate normally, facing huge cost pressure. Alibaba said that the launch of the platform in the form of short-term employment, service enterprises, ease the pressure. Through the "platform" , catering businesses throughout the country can be unified for the staff registration, become "hummingbird" rider, or nearby business super convenience store employees.

5. Beijing bars restaurants from holding group dinners as more than 3 people gather for a meal. On February 6, the Beijing Municipal Administration of Market Supervision issued guidelines on the prevention and control of catering service units during the epidemic period of new coronary pneumonia, prohibiting catering service units from undertaking all kinds of group dinner activities. Consumers to the catering service units, catering service units should control the number of diners. Reporters from some catering enterprises understand that the number of dining more than 3 people, even if the dinner.

6. A nurse is stopped on her way home from work in Florida, Nanyang. On Feb. 1, nurses returning from work at Nanshi Hospital in Nanyang, Henan Province, were stopped from returning to their communities, fearing they would carry the virus home and infect people. After the hospital report, the Nanyang Prevention and Control Command issued a notice to solve the problem of medical staff travel, the production of temporary work permits to do pass.

Kill. Until the end of February, Harvard University in Chongqing was closed. According to the Chongqing Municipal Education Commission, schools at all levels in Chongqing will not open until the end of February, with the approval of the municipal leading group for the prevention and control of the COVID-19 infection of pneumonia, training Institutions and childcare facilities are not allowed to provide off-line services until the end of February.

8. Zhong Nanshan's team developed a recipe for a new herbal tea to prevent pneumonia. According to a Southern Metropolis Daily report, the reporter learned from the Zhong Nanshan team that the team has now drawn up a prescription for new crown pneumonia preventive herbal tea, combining the characteristics of Lingnan climate, water and soil, Diet, culture and so on, and in the light of the four diagnostic materials of the epidemic, regular drinking for the hospital staff, is also known to be applicable to home quarantine of the public. "We are also considering the role of Chinese Medicine, " Dr. Zhong Nanshan said in an interview. "Chinese medicine should be involved at the beginning, not at the end. That is how it is done in Guangdong, and in many places. "

9. State Cyberspace Administration of China handles accounts of spreading epidemic information. The Cyberspace Administration of China (Cyberspace Administration of China) recently instructed the Local Cyberspace Administration to seriously deal with reports by the public on the "Clefairy joke" online community platform for posting harmful short videos of pneumonia cases involving COVID-19 infection, spreading panic and other information content, the first time to carry out the application store off the shelf disposal; To conduct interviews in accordance with the law on issues such as the lax management of illegal information released to users by some products of website platforms such as Baidu, and the illegal engagement of Internet News and Information Services by website platforms such as Huxiao in reporting on the epidemic situation, to order the immediate cessation of illegal and illegal acts, carry out comprehensive and in-depth rectification, and close down relevant question columns on the Website Platform; to conduct special supervision on the website platforms belonging to Internet enterprises such as Sina Weibo, tencent, bytedance, etc.  To "Netease Finance" "Sina Weitianxia" "guyu laboratory" "the meanest cat in history" and other network accounts illegal self-collection, dissemination of false information and other issues, timely disposal.

10. Douban diary disabled.

Kill. For the first time, CCTV cancelled the live audience for the Lantern Festival Gala, focusing on the "one mind, one mind" poetry reading. There will be no live audience for this year's CCTV Lantern Festival gala. In addition, it will be in the theme, style, content, lineup and other aspects compared to previous years to make adjustments. The show will feature "unity of one mind, unity of one mind, fight against the epidemic, encourage confidence, refuel for Wuhan and win the Resistance War" . Liu Jing, Zhang Guoli, Kairi and others have been invited to participate in the poetry reading to fight against the new pneumonia, bai Yansong, Kang Hui and other presenters will also be on the show. In addition to CCTV, Hunan Satellite TV Lantern Festival also cancelled the scene of the audience.

12. A number of underwear, home textile companies emergency production of civil protective clothing. Underwear brand three guns into civil protective clothing, has begun to produce daily 5000 sets of civil protective clothing production capacity, February 5 to hand over the first batch of goods. Three guns group Deputy General Manager Cai Jianhua revealed that three guns in three days to pull this assembly line. February 1, the first protective clothing sample by the expert review and the relevant departments in the city confirmed, approved for production. The first batch of civil protective clothing will be allocated by Shanghai municipal economic and Credit Commission. The purpose of the civilian protective clothing is unclear. In addition to the three guns, Mercury Home Textiles, red bean shares have also been temporarily converted to production protective clothing, which are mostly civil standards.

The media attention

1. Whether CT imaging can replace nucleic acid testing. In response to the recent suggestion by Zhang Xiaochun and other doctors that nucleic acid testing may have a false negative, omitting patients with early new coronary pneumonia and replacing surveillance with CT images, science and Technology Daily interviewed Wang Guiqiang, a member of the National Medical Expert Group, and others, "But the patient is also less infectious, as there is no [ virus ] detected in the upper airways, suggesting that it is not very infectious. Therefore, nucleic acid testing is a very important standard and can not be replaced,"he said, adding that CT images may show inflammation from other viral pneumonia, no identification, CT imaging is also subject to the use of conditions, prone to cross-infection. "The combination of CT and nucleic acid testing will indeed improve the accuracy of the test, " Wang added

2. A nurse cries as she loses a N95 mask in Florida, Luohe. A nurse at Luohe Hospital of Traditional Chinese medicine in Henan Province cried over the loss of an N95 mask. The hospital said it was in need of supplies and hoped the community would donate. According to Cao Yuhong, deputy party secretary of the hospital, 60 N95 masks, 100 sets of protective clothing (which can be reused after disinfection) and 3,000 ordinary masks donated by various sectors of society were collected from the CDC on February 4.

3. A 77-year-old retired teacher asks for help on a micro blog in Foshan, Wuhan. According to Weibo User@laosu 8811, "My daughter Liu Ying has just died because of the outbreak... close contacts include three people we live with: Myself, Liu Li, 77; my wife, Fu Linli, 72; and my granddaughter, Chen Yunqiu, 13. Right now, I, my wife, my granddaughter are all infected, and my wife is the worst. "

All News and news sources in this article can be viewed through the following link: https://shimo.im/docs/j3drdjqjyxcqtx8r  , COVID-192.6, which can be copied and opened with a graphite document APP or applet

Go to "discover"-"take a look" browse "friends watching"

Sent

####Send it to take a look

Sending

Leave a message

A scan of wechat
Pay attention to the account


-------------
title: The Shelter Hospital is officially open, internal conditions are yet to be perfected, and 36 other news items about the outbreak
source: suo-you-de-yu
authors: _
editors: _
proofreader: _
photographer: _
translator: _
via: https://github.com/2019ncovmemory/nCovMemory
link: https://mp.weixin.qq.com/s/na6lpXcc3xQu-EUH1oZ8kw
archive: http://archive.is/dMWHG
snapshot: https://github.com/2019ncovmemory/nCovMemory/blob/master/archive/jpg/454.jpg
lead: We've picked up the big news for you on the day of the new pneumonia
cover: data:image/jpeg;base64,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
