##The quarantine diary of a Chinese man in the Philippines | in depth report

Wechat Bqshenyidu

Features, Beijing Youth Daily, the official public number

Reporter / Yan Xingyue

Editor / Edward Shek

A Wuhan tourist infected with a new coronavirus has died at the San Lazaro Hospital in Manila, the capital of the Philippines

On February 2, Philippine authorities announced the country's first death from pneumonia caused by a new coronavirus infection, the first outside China. The 44 year old was from Wuhan, China, according to a Philippine representative for the World Health Organization Group.

It is reported that the patient presented with fever, cough and sore throat before diagnosis, in Manila, San Lazaro Hospital after the diagnosis of isolation treatment. The Philippine Health Secretary, Duke, said the patient was stable and showing signs of improvement during treatment, but in the last 24 hours of his life, his condition deteriorated sharply and he died.

The Philippine Department of Health reported on February 5 that in addition to the deceased, the Philippines detected a total of 133 suspected new coronavirus infections, of which 115 have been quarantined, including 54 Chinese citizens.

Dong Ning, 30, was one of the Chinese tourists quarantined in a Philippine hospital. He arrived in Manila from Nanjing via Xiamen on January 21, with no history of contact in Wuhan. On Jan. 31, he blew on an air conditioner overnight and developed a cough, runny nose and other symptoms. Then he was sent to the hospital to be quarantined. "I think I just have a cold, " Dong said.

Because there are no nucleic acid test kits in the Philippines, the diagnostic screening process takes a long time. Although Dong Ning's CT, blood and urine tests are all normal, he still has to wait for the results of tests on the oral and nasal mucosa before the isolation can be lifted, he learned, at least 20 Chinese are being quarantined in the Philippines, with confirmed cases.

As of press time, Dong Ning was still waiting for the results of the examination, and he dictated a record of his experiences during isolation in a Philippine hospital.

The ambulance rushed to the hotel and took Mr. Dong to the hospital for isolation

Quarantined for coughing

31 January

A group of six of us, January 21 from Nanjing through Xiamen to the Philippine capital Manila. There were no confirmed cases in Jiangsu or Fujian, and I had never been outside Nanjing. We took our temperature at the Ninoy Aquino International Airport, and we made it through, and there were already a lot of people on the street wearing masks.

Manila was not our destination. We spent the night in a hotel and the next day flew to Palawan Island, a resort in the southwestern Philippines, where the six of US stayed in separate hotels.

On January 30, I developed a cough. During the day, I swam in the sea wearing a sunscreen suit. I didn't change it when I came ashore. This may be the reason why I caught a cold. The hotel air-conditioning was turned on very low, the quilt only a sheet, I was frozen awake at night, today (31) began tonsil inflammation, runny nose, phlegm in the throat.

In my opinion, this little cold is nothing, but in times of crisis, it's better to pay attention. So I coughed and went downstairs to look for a mask. When I went downstairs, the hotel lobby staff did not wear masks, and when I returned, I found that more than a dozen people in the lobby suddenly put on masks, they looked at me, far away from me.

I thought it was a little weird, but when I got back to the guest room, the phone rang, and it was the front desk. They asked me where I was from, and that's when I realized they suspected I had COVID-19. I quickly explained that I was not from Hubei, the other side asked me if I cough, fever, I told the truth, the front desk very directly told me: "You need to go to the hospital to see. "

When I went downstairs again, the hotel manager handed me a bottle of mineral water and some face masks, and I took my temperature three times, all 36.4 degrees. I was asked to write down on a piece of paper the entire itinerary of my arrival in the Philippines, including flight and restaurant information. I think I just have to cooperate with them, go to the hospital for an examination, take a CT, no problem.

On my way to the hospital, the manager stopped me and told me to go to my room and wait. They said they would arrange for a doctor to come and take a look at me. I still had the same thought: when the doctor came to check that I didn't have a fever, I could go on with my journey.

After waiting in my room for more than an hour, the front desk suddenly informed me to go downstairs with my luggage.

This time down the hall, a lot of people, they are "armed" , the nurse wearing protective clothing, there is a police car outside an ambulance, are to pick me up.

When I got in the car, the hotel manager came and gave me a handful of money, which I didn't count. I thought to myself, is this money for emergencies? The manager was kind to me. While waiting in his room, he brought me food and drink. A lot of people are afraid to come near me.

When I got to the hospital, I was put straight into the ward. I was so confused, I asked the doctor what was going on, and he told me that I was going to spend 14 days in the Philippines. I am a bit broken, 14 days, my visa expired, not to be "black" in the Philippines?

Later I learned that this ward is specially designed for isolation, with air conditioning, but not allowed to open, and must open the window ventilation. The windows aren't screened, but they're barred. Across from the window are some wards, and occasionally some patients are seen getting up. There was a curtain at the door that read: "please! Do not leave this area! Thank you. "

There are two very narrow beds in the isolation ward, one for the ward and one for the examination, and neither is comfortable. The room does not have wireless network, 4g discharge is not cheap, want to see video to pass the time a bit extravagant. The bathroom is equipped with a toilet, a shower head, and a sink, which has no water from the Faucet or the Flush toilet and requires a black bucket to scoop water from to flush the toilet. The bath has no hot water, can only use cold water to wash, I am afraid cold water to take a bath will aggravate the cold, endure not to wash.

That night the nurse brought me a box of instant noodles (but no hot water) , an N95 mask, the only N95 mask I had ever received, and I kept using it.

"please! Don't leave this area! Thank you! " Reads the curtain on the door of the isolation ward

I can't leave the hospital with a clean bill of health

1 February

I stayed up all night, groggy from the heat, with a huge sweat stain on my pillow.

At 6:00 in the morning, the nurse called to bring me some medicine, said it was for my cough, and I got a look. It was effervescent. A white effervescent tablet washed in the water, not fully opened, drink a mouthful, acid choking. I asked the nurse for some Amoxicillin, but I didn't give it.

Two nurses found a medical vehicle and drove me to a nearby isolation building for a CT scan. The CT room was clear, and a lot of locals were staring at me through the glass windows in the next room.

Because the doctor hasn't shown up for work yet, and the CT of his lungs is GonNa take a while. I asked the nurse if she could leave if she was okay, and she whispered sorry. I explained to her that in China, if there is no close contact with infected people, no fever and other symptoms, can be basically ruled out, I would like them to ask more doctors, more about China (situation) , let me go, I can self-isolation.

The medical staff in the Philippines were very polite. They took blood, nasal and oral mucus today. They kept apologizing to me for hurting me. At noon, the nurse brought me lunch. It was beef and a bag of soup like Vermicelli. I had my temperature and blood pressure taken at noon, and everything was normal.

The hotel manager came all the way to the hospital, sent me water and a large bag of snack fruit, also wrote me a letter, very touched. I wrote back to thank him and told him not to worry, I think I just have a cold.

I took a nap in the afternoon because I didn't sleep well last night. When I woke up, the doctor came and told me that the CT and blood and urine tests were OK and that I could go back early if the government would let me. I could leave tomorrow. I was excited to go home tomorrow, and they wished China an early victory.

But the doctors soon returned, saying the government couldn't let me go until I had a nasal exam.

Today is my 13th day in the Philippines, and tomorrow, my visa expires.

From the owner of the hotel

Don't wear a hazmat suit until you're in the isolation room

2 February

Philippine television has been rotating the news of the COVID-19, and Philippine government officials announced today that a Chinese tourist from Wuhan had died of an infection at the COVID-19 in Manila. As a result, the Philippines has stepped up precautionary measures, suspending flights and visas. People are also rushing to buy masks, many pharmacies hanging eye-catching "mask sold out. ".

Masks in the Philippines, which normally sell for 5 pesos, or about 0.7 yuan, have risen to more than 100 pesos, or about 10 yuan, since the outbreak, which is already expensive for locals, and money is not always available.

Yesterday, a mother and her son, who were on the same flight as me, were sent a private message to me via Weibo from the San La Salle Hospital in Manila. Her baby's 5. He's got a fever. The mother told me that the paramedics were afraid to touch the child until his fever had subsided and he was given fluids and salt.

Their hospital had its first overseas death from "Wuhan Pneumonia, " and the mother was in a bad mood. She was in a bit of a panic and asked me, "if it's really an infection, are you going to die in Manila? " I comforted her, don't be paranoid. Drink plenty of water.

Today, the nurse took a mucus sample from my mouth and nose again. The hospital had to send the sample to the hospital in Manila.

In addition to me, the nurse said, there is also a French-chinese family in isolation here, the mother is Chinese, the father is French, the child is in a fever. My heart quivered.

I was a little worried about getting an indirect infection, and they kept their suits in the isolation room until the nurses came in and put them on, just a thin layer. My sanitizer is a bar of soap, not a hand sanitizer. They don't have a clear division between confirmed and suspected cases, which can easily lead to cross-infection.

I wasn't in the mood for lunch, I couldn't go anywhere in the ward all day, two beds back and forth, no exercise, no bowel movements.

The doctor told me that he'd gotten me a visa and told me not to worry, but that's not all I was worried about.

During the quarantine, the food provided by the hospital

It's hard to diagnose without nucleic acid reagents

3 February

I've been in contact with over 20 Chinese in isolation in the Philippines.

I don't think the medical staff in the Philippines have a full understanding of the virus. When patients are diagnosed, they don't have a nucleic acid kit, they have a CT or a nasal Mucosa test.

Since yesterday, the Philippines has once again raised the level of prevention and control. Those who have visited mainland China, Hong Kong and Macao in the past 14 days, regardless of their nationality, are prohibited from entering the country, with the exception of Filipinos. People arriving from China are quarantined for 14 days as soon as they step off the plane. Several flights between the Philippines and mainland China have been cancelled, with Philippine Airlines being the first to be cancelled. My flight to Xiamen has been canceled.

Today, I had pork mince and beef soup for lunch. My mother reminded me on Wechat that I had not eaten vegetables for several days. Hospital ants are especially powerful, food debris did not clean up in time for a while to attract a large group, the nurse saw the ants on the ground, joked, "I immediately let them move. "

The isolation ward of the Philippine Hospital is free, I don't need to spend any money, just need to cooperate with their work. The doctors in the Philippines are very friendly and patient with me, and I often chat with the medical staff, tell them Wuhan pneumonia in China's situation, let them strengthen protective measures.

Now I feel confused two things, one is not sure when to lift the quarantine, the second is to lift the quarantine do not know what flight home. There are no direct flights from the Philippine side, and there will definitely be connecting flights. It may be necessary to fly home from the airports in Hong Kong and Bangkok. Given that other countries and regions may also have temporary immigration and quarantine policies, going home will definitely be a bumpy ride.

The nurse came to take my temperature, blood pressure, heart rate, everything was normal. They brought me cereal and hot water, made my bed, threw out the garbage, and were very thoughtful and responsible.

The nurse told me that when the Nasal Mucosa test came back, if it was normal, I could go home, and now I'm waiting for the results.

Editor's Note: As of Feb. 6, Dong had been quarantined for seven days, because he could not be released until the test results came back. (Dong Ning is a pseudonym)

This article was jointly produced by Beijing Youth Daily and Tencent News, and can not be reproduced without authorization.

Confession of a high-speed train "close contact" : He sat next to me, did not take off his mask | in-depth report

In-depth report on a 30-hour journey home

A volunteer of Wuhan Red Cross Society | in-depth report

Go to "discover"-"take a look" browse "friends watching"

Sent

####Send it to take a look

Sending

A scan of wechat
Pay attention to the account


-------------
title: The quarantine diary of a Chinese man in the Philippines | in depth report
source: bei-qing-shen-yi-du
authors: _
editors: _
proofreader: _
photographer: _
translator: _
via: https://github.com/2019ncovmemory/nCovMemory
link: https://mp.weixin.qq.com/s/QT7tuiR7OfFIOHEG9zB-jQ
archive: http://archive.is/laQr0
snapshot: https://github.com/2019ncovmemory/nCovMemory/blob/master/archive/jpg/364.jpg
lead: There are no nucleic acid tests in the hospitals here
cover: data:image/jpeg;base64,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
