##Special Report on the epidemic period (for those who have been paid by the public)

Micro-signal Mengbeiyu

Feature Introduction, an anachronistic cynic's thought and attempt.

A special episode of the epidemic: A Harvard

I'm sitting in the kitchen, listening to readers' suggestions, making a braised brisket of turnips, in the middle of a "slow simmer for an hour" of cooking, followed by a "slow simmer for 40 minutes" of adding turnips, i don't think if I write after dinner, I'll be able to get it out before midnight.

Some readers may wonder why it has to be posted before midnight? It has to do with the rule that the individual account can only post one post per day, so if I don't post by midnight, I'm taking tomorrow's slot.

This morning, I went to the county house storage center to pick up 70 thermos guns. Because the thermos guns are in short supply, all the towns in the county want to get as many as they can, so everyone is fighting in secret. Niaoyuhuazhen is the largest town in the county, bigger than Chengguan, Chamdo, that's what I've been told, they all say, and I don't really know whether the "largest" refers to the area or the population.

Just like when I was in high school, No. 7 and No. 4 Middle Schools each year claimed the title of "top scholar in arts and science in Sanjiang City" . This is very strange. There should only be one top scholar in arts and one top scholar in science in the city, how can the fourth and seventh middle schools each year have a number one in arts and science? BECAUSE THEIR ALGORITHMS ARE DIFFERENT:

The fourth said they are this year's number one in science, seven said, you cheated, your number one in science is a cram school, according to the current year, number one in science in our seven.

Seven said they have this year's top liberal arts, four will say, you Fart, according to the points after speaking, liberal arts in the city's total score is the first in our four.

Four middle school accused seven Middle School said, Mingming this year's top science in our school, why do you say you have science top. The seventh middle school stands up to say, you have no culture, your should be called science female number one, and the city's male student science first in our seven, so science number one is our seven.

To sum up, the public said the public is right, the mother-in-law said the right, this point dry petition colleagues should have deep feelings, standing in the petitioners'point of view, he is always the most reasonable, but they are afraid to go to court.

Today, Chao Shifan and Xiong Kaiqiang have come to get their own "letters and visits to deal with the opinion, " we give them the proposal is, if the results of letters and visits are not recognized, the proposal through legal means to solve their own problems. Chao Shifan was competing with his sister for the right to relocate, and Xiong Kaiqiang was competing with his father for the ownership of the contracted land. It is logically said that this kind of family property dispute goes through legal procedures most simply and directly, but the Xiong Kaiqiang Meijiu village and the village of Helihai Chao Shifan are coincidentally chose "never go through legal procedures. ".

Their excuse is ridiculous and illogical. They usually find an excuse for refusing to go to court. "The court is Black, and the people are being victimized. " This is really insulting to the court, at the same time, the bureau said it was flattered. You think the people at the courthouse are bad people? Corrupt officials? So the people from the petition bureau are all honest officials in your eyes? ! I don't think so, as long as we don't support your interests, you still say that the Bureau of letters and calls is also black. Since you have the patience to go up to the first-class letters and calls, why don't you have the patience to go up to the first-class lawsuit!

In the final analysis, we are not a fool, perhaps the petitioners that a few words can deceive the crowd for a while, but you have been dealing with a few years of letters and calls staff do not understand them? The petitioners are well aware that they are not on the right side of the law, and their reasons do not make any sense in the eyes of the law. However, they are reluctant to give up interests that do not belong to them, so they find that there is actually a system that can ignore the law, in this system the word "NAO" is the truth!

The reason why Chao Shifan was here was because eight years ago his fellow village petitioners had visited Beijing several times, and the pressure of letters and visits forced the county and Niaoyuhuaxiang governments to agree to the petitioners'unreasonable demands. So Chao Shifan believe that as long as they continue to make, do not go through legal procedures, a strong petition, will be able to harvest, perhaps more than honest work to earn more.

Chao Shifan this person, the old comrades in the government all know, because Chao Shifan was a livestock bureau staff. But he was fired a few years ago. As we all know, government workers are known as "iron rice bowl" . Under normal circumstances, they would never fire anyone. Even if I were to fight Secretary Yellow Emperor now, at most, I would deduct my bonus and be punished. I would never be fired, so Chao Shifan was expelled must have done what must not be expelled.

Duan Qin said that it was because Chao Shifan played cards outside every day and never went to work, and he was not protected by his brother from the anti-corruption bureau like a graduate, so he was expelled; Sima Kun said that not going to work was part of the reason, the greater reason is because Chao Shifan in the livestock bureau when often under the village to collect money from farmers, was reported. Usually do not cultivate merit, colleagues do not close, leaders do not love, small mistakes, big mistakes dare to make, such a person God common anger, was reported after almost no one for him, unanimously agreed to expel him.

Since then, Chao Shifan began to resent government departments, completely from his body to find reasons, think he lost the "iron rice bowl" is because all of their units want to hurt him. Right, he has a brother, but Chao Shifan was expelled before he had died young, I guess is also Chao Shifan brother in the world of asylum, just created Chao Shifan do not work, the courage to receive black money. Say a word to his brother disrespect, fortunately his brother died early, if his brother is still alive, Chao Shifan still in the government system, do not know how much harm to the country and the people.

You See, these things, Chao Shifan would never speak to netizens when posting online, on the Internet, Chao Shifan tries his best to mold himself as a kind-hearted common people who have been victimized by corrupt officials, occupied ancestral homes, driven out of their homes and living on the streets. Only A In & Out like US would investigate the case, looking at a few photographs and a partial version of a post. Can You understand the truth?

Far From It, because of the shortage of materials, the villages and towns began to eight immortals across the sea each show magical powers. (sorry, the alarm went off, I went to boil the radish.) Our deputy mayor long is in charge of material management. Whether he can get as much material as possible from more than a dozen towns in the county is a matter of his professional dignity, so he called me last night and asked me to go to the deputy director of the county epidemic prevention and control headquarters at 11:00 last night to sign an approval slip, and then asked me to wait in front of the warehouse of the County Material Reserve Center this morning, make sure you get 70 of these before the rest of the town.

It went well. We got the thermos gun like we planned last night, but it caused a panic. It's not our problem, I don't know if it's the county epidemic prevention and control headquarters, because we don't know their division of Labor: The temperature guns we are provided with are industrial temperature guns, used exclusively for measuring machines in construction sites and factories, because facilities such as factories and companies are not so sensitive to temperature, the general accuracy of the temperature gun is within 10 degrees, so the industrial temperature gun is not as accurate as the human temperature gun, the village community soon measured many people whose body temperature exceeded the standard, which brought a lot of trouble to the work of the village community cadres.

After we reported the situation, the county epidemic prevention and Control Headquarters immediately requested a recall together with the packaging, back to the original factory. At this point I surmised that the guns had been purchased, not donated, or we would not have returned the packaging. I think that the purchasing staff is not a professional person. I did not know that the body temperature guns are also divided into industrial and human temperature guns. All temperature guns look the same, and I thought they were all the same. In addition, the situation is urgent, i think the pressure of purchasing personnel is also very big, also took place such a wrong turn.

When we returned the materials, we happened to meet a group of people checking the materials in the warehouse. The houses were donated by a Ziwu County chief, representing a middle-aged lady. According to the regulations, each batch of donated houses must first go through the quality inspection unit before storage.

Because we've had an own mistake, we've received a donation of masks, and we're not sure if the donor knew that the masks were fake or inferior. To be honest, at the critical moment, we can accept all the "fake" products, the word "fake" doesn't really work. This batch of masks is very thin, only one layer, is the thinnest mask I have ever seen. After we saw this batch of masks, although we didn't know it was fake and shoddy, we could tell at a glance that they were inferior to other masks.

The leaders originally decided to distribute the masks to the people in the flood-hit temporary settlements, but after everyone reminded us, we found that the masks were really of poor quality and invited quality inspection personnel to identify them. They immediately decided that they were fake and inferior products. But the word is out, and the residents of the temporary housing are waiting for their face masks? People with grass-roots work experience know that the more victims, the more to give them the best mask, or they rely on the "victims" of the yellow vest can make a scene. So we urgently replaced the masks for the victims with the masks that were meant to be distributed to the front-line staff, and the fake and inferior masks were directly destroyed, the frequency of supply of face masks to frontline staff has been changed from one per day to one every two days in recent days.

To the victims, poor households and other "vulnerable groups" of the material must be careful, so I give you a lesson, never accept milk donations. It's really a dangerous thing to accept a donation of milk powder. Babies are very sensitive, and so are their parents. Of course, it's normal to love your child, but that poses a huge challenge for us. Even fully qualified milk powder can not guarantee that some babies will not be able to adapt to drinking it, so for parents and the government as a structure, even the smallest problems in infants are a big problem.

When a well known brand donated a batch of milk powder to poor families in Niaoyuhuazhen, Ajou said it was high quality and she was reluctant to buy it for her son. We gave it to the poor families in Qingshui village who had babies. Most of the babies didn't have any problems, but one of them suddenly had diarrhea. Her Mother didn't report it to the village in the first place! But picked up the phone shot a short video posted on the Internet, said the government issued inferior milk powder, must be inferior, or so expensive milk powder how willing to give us these poor households? !

The county propaganda department picked up on the trend, and within an hour we had received word from the county propaganda department that all milk powder had been recalled and sent to a poor family's cattle farm to be fed, and Ajou had quietly taken a couple of cans and taken them home. I wasn't sure if it was right, and I didn't think it was wrong, but we didn't want to take any more risks, so from then on, we turned down some donations. Some milk powder companies want to donate, we all suggested that they half into cash, and then let the poor households go to the store to buy, the government is absolutely dare not again milk powder, uncontrollable risk is too great.

The woman who donated the mask asked Du Liangmei, the director of the county's material reserve center, "Do you change your mask every day? "

Director du Liangmei said: "where? "? We seven or eight people, a month to apply for 100 masks, the leadership is not too happy, said we use too many masks, these masks are to be given to the township line of people We change our masks every three days or so, and then we dry them out and spray them with alcohol."

"Oh, it's so hard, " the middle-aged woman said. "You're all wearing so many masks every day, and you can't even use them. It's pathetic. "

"Yes, I feel sad, " Du said. "But there aren't many masks in the warehouse. There are no masks in the warehouse. The masks are sent to the villages and towns as soon as they reach the warehouse. "

"Come on, " said the middle-aged woman, "I'll give you some masks. These are the countless masks our company uses for us. Let me get you 20. " The middle-aged woman opened the trunk of her car and pulled out a stack of blue masks, handed to the director of Du Liangmei hands, Du Liangmei appeared very embarrassed, but still received. I suddenly thought, if the program on the line, this is not a violation of discipline, never mind, the person to observe, this time or do not pay attention to details.

When I left the county reserve center, I went to the county one in the wall stand for a while, the sun is really warm, warm sunshine on me, let me feel warm. I took out my plastic bag, which contained five masks that I had saved over the past few days. As a member of the materials management team, I was able to receive a mask every day. I handed the mask to the guard and told him to give it to Nguyen. I left the guard's room and said to myself, "Nguyen, Duckweed. "

Teacher Ruan and I have been impossible, I do not want to find her again, I and she should have a more suitable home. A car is parked outside the school gate. A non-mainstream spiritual young driver puts his legs over the window. "My happiness is thinking of you... "

I laughed. I don't know what the lyricist thinks. Has He ever been in love? ! My happiness is missing you? No, my pain is to think of you, do not think of you, I am happy, only think of you, just let me feel lonely, let me feel pain, only you in my side, I do not have to think of you, I am happy. These words are not to teacher Ruan, but to someone in the future.

The alarm went off, my turnip stew is ready, I'm going to dinner, and we'll talk more tomorrow.

Harvard finally released a notification -- Harvard

For those of you who know me, please do one thing for me, and I will give you my public number to prove that you are my trusted friends. Of course, I want my readers to have a lot of readers and my public number to have a lot of fans, but it's not Sanjiang City. I don't want you to recommend this public number to anyone in Sanjiang City, because Sanjiang city has too many fans, my anonymity will be tested. So please, keep it a secret for me, and don't recommend the public number to anyone in Sanjiang.

Share this article with everyone you know

WECHAT SWEEPS UP Praise for author

####Send it to the author

People Admire

Long-press the QR code to transfer the funds to me

WECHAT's iOS version of the APP has been turned off to support public accounts through Qr code transfers due to apple's new rules.

Go to "discover"-"take a look" browse "friends watching"

Sent

####Send it to take a look

Sending

A scan of wechat
Pay attention to the account


-------------
title: Special Report on the epidemic period (for those who have been paid by the public)
source: ji-ceng-xu-gou-gu-shi
authors: _
editors: _
proofreader: _
photographer: _
translator: _
via: https://github.com/2019ncovmemory/nCovMemory
link: https://mp.weixin.qq.com/s/7fdPvFeuMTCh1Tu0y8uqyw
archive: http://archive.ph/DcpMn
snapshot: https://github.com/2019ncovmemory/nCovMemory/blob/master/archive/jpg/1548.jpg
lead: For those of you who know me, please do one thing for me, and I will give you my public number to prove that you are my trusted friends. Of course, I hope that my readers will have a lot of readers, and my public number will have a lot of fans, but it's not Sanjiang City. I don't want you to recommend this public number to anyone in Sanjiang City, because Sanjiang city has too many fans, my anonymity will be tested.
cover: data:image/jpeg;base64,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
