##Daily fresh Wang Jun: Turnover quadrupled, passenger unit price increased 50% , no listing plans

Micro-signal, Rancaijing

A feature presentation, a daily in depth report, redefines the innovation economy.

Original by ran CAIJING

By Dawn

Editor | Wei Jia

February 18, finance and economics held the third phase of the "innovative economic war and epidemic plan" online salon, the theme focused on fresh e-commerce industry. Founder Partner of Bu4vc Li Zhujie, daily fresh partner and CFO Wang Jun on "through the epidemic, fresh e-commerce how to seize new opportunities" this topic to share and interactive dialogue.

The theme Wang shared was "the experience and challenges of fresh and fresh food in dealing with the epidemic" . Some of the dry ingredients were extracted as follows:

• since the outbreak, daily Youxian has achieved about four times the same trading volume, with the unit price reaching 120 yuan and the peak value reaching 150 yuan before rework;

• In the fresh e-commerce sector, the unit price threshold for healthy customers is $80, and the gross margin at the front desk of Youxian daily is about 25-27 per cent after the coupon;

• The performance cost of fresh e-commerce is about $15 for a good player, $20 for a bad one, and $11 for the Best Warehouse;

• after the outbreak, the fresh e-commerce industry will accelerate the rise of national players, more concentrated market share to the head, while some sub-category of market opportunities began to emerge;

• daily Youxian is expected to be profitable in all mature regions this year, but has no plans to go public.

• since the outbreak, daily Youxian has achieved about four times the same trading volume, with the unit price reaching 120 yuan and the peak value reaching 150 yuan before rework;

• In the fresh e-commerce sector, the unit price threshold for healthy customers is $80, and the gross margin at the front desk of Youxian daily is about 25-27 per cent after the coupon;

• The performance cost of fresh e-commerce is about $15 for a good player, $20 for a bad one, and $11 for the Best Warehouse;

• after the outbreak, the fresh e-commerce industry will accelerate the rise of national players, more concentrated market share to the head, while some sub-category of market opportunities began to emerge;

• daily Youxian is expected to be profitable in all mature regions this year, but has no plans to go public.

Here's how fresh daily partner and CFO Wang Jun shared her thoughts at the Salon:

The early stage of the outbreak challenges the ability to assemble cargo

Send 300 men to pick from the local tissue

Our first response to the outbreak was on January 21. According to the news reports at that time, we thought the outbreak might be very serious, so we immediately set up a response team and worked out a brief emergency plan, it mainly includes the security protection of distribution station, distribution staff and front-line operators, as well as the safeguard measures of disinfection. At the same time, we have to mask and disinfectant these materials for emergency stock, to ensure that the first-line staff to meet their own requirements. Then we'll make sure we have enough in stock at a reasonable price. In addition, we started the speed reach business, in most areas of the implementation of the Spring Festival not closed strategy. In addition, we cancelled the central China students home and headquarters students to Wuhan Business Trip plans.

Soon the epidemic reached its second phase, with the government advocating home quarantine and self-protection, and then the demand for supplies grew rapidly. The main challenge for quality food these days is securing the supply of goods and services. On the first day of the Lunar New Year, we began to set up an epidemic response headquarters, launched a guarding action, identified the general program, mainly to ensure supply, service users.

The campaign has been going on for almost a month, and we are now able to ensure an adequate supply of fresh produce, such as fruits, vegetables, meat and eggs, with an average of 1,500 tons of fresh vegetables being supplied every day, ninety percent of orders in major cities can be delivered in two hours.

The main challenge of the outbreak was the supply-side capacity of fresh-produce retailers, as a demand-side blowout occurred. In the supply side, we mainly think that is three, the first is the combination of goods, the second is tube warehouse or called Tube store, the third is tube distribution.

Early contradictions in the supply side, concentrated in the group of goods, the outbreak of the epidemic, the production of a large number of village and road closure. Farmers can not pick vegetables, a large number of vegetables unmarketable in the field, unable to follow the original channel flow to the table.

At this time we quickly mobilized 300 commodity buyers nationwide students to the origin of the organization personnel pick, and then with the government departments to do a good job of communication, to ensure the supply of origin. During the Spring Festival, we quickly organized 500 tons of vegetable production a day, rising to 1,000 tons a day a week later, and now it's between 1,500 and 2,000 tons a day. At the same time, many of the direct purchasing bases we had prepared were not enough, so we also urgently deployed the resources of the production areas around Inner Mongolia, Yunnan, Shandong and Beijing, and the purchasing staff stationed at the production areas to coordinate production and delivery, to secure supplies.

Make sure there's enough packers

And delivery people are a problem for the industry

The challenges of the commodity supply chain have now largely been solved, and the repetitive and critical commodities of the people's livelihood are now available to all. After the Spring Festival rework, we began to advise users not to stock up.

From the eighth day of the first wave of rework tide began, there is a second supply-side challenge, that is, to the warehouse packaging personnel and distribution personnel challenges. There are a large number of warehouse processing and micro-warehouse packaging personnel, as well as a line of distribution personnel. Their safety, emotional well being and quality of service have been the industry's biggest challenges in the past two weeks.

Because we have the experience of not closing the shop during the Spring Festival, we quickly put forward the subsidy budget for frontline personnel, to ensure that frontline personnel enjoy the special allowance during the epidemic, so that everyone can have equal risks and benefits. We bought insurance for our employees, guaranteeing them a $2 million line-up, 100% coverage. At the same time we arrange the responsibility of the front line delivery staff to warehouse, one-to-one communication of ideas, ease the anxiety of everyone.

In addition to the early three weeks of the encounter, we believe that the fresh retail supply side challenge during the epidemic is entering a second phase, which we call positional warfare. This stage challenges not only the ability to rapidly organize inventory service pattern, but also the ability of supply-side Innovation Service.

Supply-side innovation is mainly in the form of Sku goods and distribution of Labor Organization at both ends. In the commercial side, we began to connect Xibei and Shuhai and other traditional catering enterprises. In addition to the vegetable supply, we have also increased the supply of semi-finished meals and ready-to-eat meals, and are also developing more user-friendly lazy dishes and convenience dishes. Second, in the Organization of distribution capacity, we began to bring in workers from different industries on a large scale for cooperation, such as the processing of standard dishes in the catering field, which will be done by them, then there will be other industry employees to become our micro warehouse capacity, our warehouse will also directly receive some of the catering industry.

Overall, we feel that the first phase of the challenge is the organizational capabilities that the company has built up over the past few years, the ability to quickly engage in encounters to assemble and distribute goods. The second phase challenges the company's ability to operate digitally, building the capacity to innovate further while providing sustainable and efficient services.

Dialogue Wang Jun:

During the outbreak, the value of transactions increased approximately fourfold from the same period last year

Burn Finance: Can you share some of your daily business data before and after the outbreak and compare? In addition, what are the characteristics of user demand during the outbreak?

Wang Jun: The epidemic on the demand side has a very strong stimulus. At this point, we could probably do about four times that amount. At the same time in our user's order form, obviously see the user's customer unit price in the promotion. Before the outbreak, customers priced between 85 yuan and 90 yuan, each order will buy nearly 10 pieces of goods. Now, the number of pieces that users buy per order has increased further, and there has been a higher unit price for customers of the standard goods hoarding behavior, which has driven up our number of pieces and unit price. Our passenger unit price during the epidemic has reached 120 yuan, rework before the peak reached 150 yuan.

In general, during the outbreak, customers who had previously been addressed by supermarkets, next day E-COMMERCE, and offline retailers began to settle their shopping needs for supermarket and non-fresh items through one-stop shopping. At the same time in the user purchase of the combination of goods, began to add more pre-prepared dishes and semi-finished dishes, we see these two categories in a clear and rapid improvement.

Fuel Finance and Economics: during the epidemic, daily Youxian in logistics and distribution of which pit? What does that tell you?

Wang Jun: The main shortage of supply side, shortage of manpower, and then the staff will be anxious, security is not easy. But we are still relatively experienced in understaffing, because in the past two years we have all done projects that are open for the Spring Festival. At a time when the Spring Festival itself is in short supply, we still have to maintain a certain total value chain of labor, it has some strategic distribution staff in reserve. But after the outbreak, there was a clear shortage of people on the supply side, and the most effective way at this time was actually to rob people. At that time, we robbed people is to quickly equip the first-line personnel with a new order policy, to ensure that this policy in the market has full competitiveness, so that people are willing to do.

Burning Finance and Economics: How many times salary during the Spring Festival?

Wang Jun: Basically, it's more than double. Including the labor costs of first-line packaging and distribution.

Burn Finance: The more you sell and the more you lose, the more you should know about it as CFO. Please share with us the facts of the day.

Wang Jun: The more you sell, the more you lose. It depends on whether there will be a marginal loss at the order level. Fresh to the home is a relatively structural fixed cost of performance, including the big warehouse section, the Front Warehouse Section, as well as the entire distribution section, the whole industry down, the average good player is 15 yuan, almost 20 yuan, the best ones go for $11, which includes all the proper calibers. So cost is very important, need to establish a healthy passenger unit price.

We're also looking at the industry, and I think if the whole retail of fresh produce, offline, is about 20 to 22 points of pre-loss gross margin, plus an extra stretch of warehouse processing that we do, add in the trunk line (which itself is a supply chain cost, which feeds back into the front desk's gross margin, since it takes on an extra value chain node) , and front desk Mori is probably 25 to 27 points behind the coupon.

If you want to cover at least 15 yuan a single, that is, the flat order of the door price, I think it is 60 yuan. If you want to further coverage of the acquisition and headquarters costs, the relatively healthy passenger unit price needs to be 80 yuan. In fact, before the epidemic, our passenger unit price is already 80 yuan level, but also to achieve a positive operating profit margin for the country this year, so this is not a challenge for us.

But I think to establish a balanced unit price for the entire industry is a very big challenge. Because the customer unit price can not be obtained by raising the price, nor can it be obtained by selling high-end goods, but rather by allowing users to cross-purchase, so this requires sufficient commodity power, and it is a cross-category commodity power, that users are willing to spend their money on.

It is expected to be profitable in all mature regions this year

Burn Finance and Economics: How is the commercialization of fresh and excellent daily going? How close is it to scale?

Wang Jun: it takes years of supply chain accumulation. For example, only low procurement costs, the same increase in the price to sell cheap, accurate choice, turnover to be fast, adequate stock, wear and tear is also low, these will affect the whole cost structure of fresh retail. Of course, there is no loss included in the cost of performing the contract just mentioned, because we have been able to control the loss within 1 to 1.5 points of the overall situation through accurate stock preparation, that is, from the commodities into the big warehouse, it's only 1 to 1.5 points to the user, and it's done all over the country. So I think, fresh retail industry is not difficult to enter, but to make a profit is really difficult. We expect to be profitable in all mature regions this year.

Fuel Finance and Economics: Did the price of daily excellent fresh commodities rise during the epidemic?

Wang Jun: During the epidemic, we did not raise the prices of commodities. This is the self-discipline of the industry and the requirement of the government.

Burning Finance and Economics: and Ding Dong buy food, Meituan buy food and other competitors, what advantages and disadvantages of daily excellent rarely?

Wang Jun: I think the core competitiveness of fresh every day is concentrated in the supply side. The first is the ability to purchase and operate cross-category commodities, which is especially reflected in the ultimate commodity capacity, including the buyer's ability to form a unified purchasing capacity, direct purchasing capacity, the ability to select goods, the ability to stock goods, the system-driven supply and demand management capacity, there is cross selling and referral capabilities, and the end result is that multiple categories of products can be presented competitively so that users can allocate more time and money to the platform, every single passenger unit price will also have the opportunity to raise.

Cross-selling will result in a higher unit price per order, the reason may be that the price per Sku has not changed, but the number of shipments per order is significantly higher. Over the past five years, we have been investing in the full range of purchasing and operating capabilities, and we now have more than 300 buyers to guarantee our product strength. Now we have the industry's relatively best customer unit price model, but also in maintaining the livelihood of the price band under the premise.

Second, I think the most important thing in this business is the ability to manage and operate large-scale distributed interlocking nodes. There are actually two kinds of practices in this industry, some players believe in the traditional chain based store manager chain management, but every day Youxian hopes more digital solutions. Each manager's business functions include daily selection pricing promotion, stock preparation, wear management, packaging and distribution. We separated the functions of these performing classes, and the functions of the operating class were all replaced by the system.

Today we have nearly a thousand pre-warehouse, each warehouse each specific item, are based on the warehouse around the user's needs to do personalized inventory. The main body of personalized management is not our super store manager, but we in the Taiwan AI system, our own supply and demand algorithm. So we can guarantee the business strong duplication through the centralization operation. Because the centralized Operation Algorithm can handle the demand form of different distributed nodes individually, so we also ensure that the nature of the local operation of fresh retail, the user side experience is good enough.

Therefore, the core value of daily Youxian, I think is mainly two points: Commodity Supply Chain, digital-driven distributed chain management. This is our industry into enough and adhere to the core competitiveness.

Epidemic situation accelerates the rise of national players in fresh food industry

Fuel Finance and Economics: under the epidemic situation daily excellent fresh also made some new attempts, and Xibei, Meizhou Dongpo and other catering enterprises cooperation progress? Beyond the significance of marketing, how much does it actually help your business?

Wang Jun: The cooperation with the catering enterprises, in addition to the labor force, is mainly concentrated in semi-finished dishes, pre-prepared dishes, lazy dishes on the development of such goods Sku. Because I think this is an effective way to improve the dining experience for some time in the future, when it is still not convenient for users to shop in offline restaurants or to eat takeout, we do see a surge in demand, for example our Sauerkraut fish is selling very well, and even recently we've seen some high end items in the industry such as Fotiaoqiang start to appear at home solutions.

So I think the nature of this wave of outbreaks will drive consumer demand for industrial-scale standardized supply chains like food safety, and that will have long-term implications for our SKU portfolio, so we're going to step up our commitment to these lazy dishes, convenience dishes, and semi-finished dishes.

Fuel Finance and Economics: After the end of the epidemic, how to do a good job of user retention? What are some of the other things that Youxian daily should focus on this year?

Wang Jun: As in the past few years, we think the most important thing is to form user habits through a stable and reliable experience, and then at the same time keep the mark-up rate of commodity prices below that of supermarkets, this not only can ensure that the product strength is no worse than the supermarket, at the same time there is a clear advantage in convenience, the user will form a retention.

We started this year to gradually introduce non-timely delivery scenarios to users, increase the shopping experience of these longer-tail products in supermarkets, and introduce the priority supermarket as a business model. Users will be able to have 3,000 items in an hour in the future, even tens of thousands of items arrive the next day to satisfy one-stop shopping needs.

The key layout is definitely our in the supply chain side, the supply side, the commodity supply chain upstream of the collection and direct collection. And then there's the management of large scale distributed chains driven by our algorithms, which are the two core capabilities we'll continue to invest in this year.

Finance and Economics: What experience does daily Youxian have in maintaining healthy cash flow?

Wang Jun: I think there are several elements to maintain a healthy cash flow. First, the gross profit margin of the retail business itself is actually no more than 30 points, fresh more than 20 points. Under this gross profit, very particular about a retailer for OPEX (operating costs) control. The core is in the performance of the cost of ping-efficiency, efficiency, network planning expansion and utilization, can balance well. So the management and operation efficiency of the distributed chain should be paid attention to. This is what we have insisted on for the past five years.

The second is to build a strong enough commodity, so that the market can get a reasonable gross margin. And don't Overdo the subsidy, of course in the subsidy daily Youxian the past few years have also gone through some detours, but we have now put the issue of a complete adjustment. The third is that I think we should put the money into the place where we can improve the efficiency of the operation, such as the establishment of the buyer, the establishment of the network of pre-warehouse and so on.

Burning Finance and Economics: What role does epidemic situation play in restructuring fresh electronic commerce industry? Is there room for development for small e-commerce enterprises?

Wang Jun: The epidemic is a restructuring of the industry, because now together we have accelerated the penetration rate of the whole fresh food industry for more than two years.

I think there will be several trends where the fresh e-commerce industry will accelerate the rise of national players, and then market share will be more concentrated in the head. At the same time, due to the overall penetration rate, user habits, began to appear a certain niche market opportunities, including some areas around the players as well as some sub-categories around the sub-category will have the opportunity. But overall, small players entering the market at this time need to do a good job of differentiation, because national players will be faster to complete the integration of market share. Fresh retail is a retail after all, I think there will be multi-format coexistence, multi-player coexistence trend, market share concentration will not be as the Internet as a typical high concentration.

CAIJING: Do you think there will be mass layoffs after the epidemic? After epidemic situation, how does small and medium-sized enterprise resume production quickly?

Wang Jun: We will not have mass layoffs, because our users are actually very stable as long as they have only bought three orders, so our main task is to stabilize these users after the epidemic, keep them in good hands.

I suggest focusing on a few things. The first is to focus on the structural changes that the epidemic has brought to the industry, such as the supply chain of natural economy, supply chains that are challenging in terms of food safety may face long-term challenges in the aftermath of this outbreak, even as they are gradually crowded out of the market by mature supply chains and chains. The second is the further increase in line-to-line permeability, which will lead to some line-to-line cost structure can no longer be maintained. So some form of business in the resumption of business may have to pay attention to whether to do the form of adjustment. The third is generally after the end of the epidemic, the entire offline economy will have a rapid recovery period, with the right model and the right products, to quickly resume business in this window period.

Burn Finance and Economics: Does Daily YOUXIAN HAVE IPO plan?

Wang Jun: WE HAVE NO PLAN TO GO public. Let's do profitable growth first, do user penetration well, do supply chain and system capacity building.

How much have you spent on the fresh produce platform this year?

Feel free to leave a comment in the comments section. Please Click on the public number of the menu "reprint cooperation. ".

First-hand Information / Hard Core Report / daily Red Envelope / offline activities! All that's missing is you! Speed Up Wechat rancaijing02 reply "reader" one button on the car!

How much have you spent on the fresh produce platform this year?

Feel free to leave a comment in the comments section. Please Click on the public number of the menu "reprint cooperation. ".

First-hand Information / Hard Core Report / daily Red Envelope / offline activities! All that's missing is you! Speed Up Wechat rancaijing02 reply "reader" one button on the car!

I think I'm watching it

WECHAT SWEEPS UP Praise for author

####Send it to the author

People Admire

Long-press the QR code to transfer the funds to me

WECHAT's iOS version of the APP has been turned off to support public accounts through Qr code transfers due to apple's new rules.

Go to "discover"-"take a look" browse "friends watching"

Sent

####Send it to take a look

Sending

A scan of wechat
Pay attention to the account


-------------
title: Daily fresh Wang Jun: Turnover quadrupled, passenger unit price increased 50% , no listing plans
source: Burning Finance
authors: _
editors: _
proofreader: _
photographer: _
translator: _
via: https://github.com/2019ncovmemory/nCovMemory
link: https://mp.weixin.qq.com/s/XOqKm6-AddBV17acOBogoQ
archive: http://archive.is/abUcM
snapshot: https://github.com/2019ncovmemory/nCovMemory/blob/master/archive/jpg/1625.jpg
lead: "fresh e-commerce industry will accelerate the rise of national players, market share more concentrated in the head. "
cover: data:image/jpeg;base64,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
