##After the city was shut down, we went back to our hometown to mourn for grandma

Weixin Quanmingushi

Functional Introduction, in fact, everyone's story is breathtaking.

“
She knew her time was near. "When I die, don't come in front of any of you, and don't bring too many people. "

“

She knew her time was near. "When I die, don't come in front of any of you, and don't bring too many people. "

The 441st story of the plan for all the people --

One

In the morning, I was still in bed, confused and could hear my mother on the phone in the bathroom. It's my cousin. He doesn't call my mom much.

My heart sank and my mind cleared.

She was eighty-four, a rat, and this was her seventh year. She was old, ailing, asthmatic, and her fingers and toes turned into turnips in the winter. Last year, grandma broke her leg, since then has been sick in bed, life has been unable to take care of themselves, has been the aunt to take care of her.

Aunt in our dialect called "Dadda" , aunt called "Yao Yao" . After my mother retired, she often went back home to take care of her grandmother for ten days and a half months.

Last summer, grandma almost delirious, a eat on the vomit, live in the township health center. At that time, Grandma's limbs had been thin into skin and bones, hands and feet swollen into dough, my mother accompanied in the health care, but later slowly recovered.

But then she couldn't get out of bed. She Needed Dadda to help her pee and defecate. She didn't want any trouble. She didn't even eat much. Years ago, my mother told me that my grandmother might not survive the New Year.

On the first day of the New Year, it was supposed to be the day when we went home to visit grandma and pay our respects to our ancestors. Back then, in Jingmen, the epidemic wasn't so scary that we could walk the streets.

Just that rainy day, drive back too troublesome, can not Kowtow to the grave, want to wait until the weather is fine to go back. The next day, we received word that Jingmen was closing down the city: All private cars were forbidden to leave the city, and we were all trapped in our homes.

Until the 16th day of the first lunar month, Grandma's sanity is still very clear. On the Fifteenth Day, Dadda asked her what she wanted to eat. She said it was fifteen. I got up to eat. Cousin in the field work, she even asked her cousin: "How to live fifteen you do not go? "

The last photo I saved of Grandma | by the author

Mother also said that day, grandma did not get lost, remember Yuanxiao, may not go for a while.

Hung up cousin's phone, my father in the kitchen to ask what is wrong, my mother said: "My mother left. "

My mother called another cousin who worked in the Public Security Bureau and asked what she would do if she left town now. A cousin at the Public Security Bureau said a permit for a funeral was needed in the community. When the traffic police stop you, just show your pass.

My Dad was making noodles in the kitchen, preparing to make steamed buns, which he couldn't do now, so he just left them there. The three of US each made a bowl of noodles, and after eating, my parents hurried to the community to open a pass.

I got dressed and sat on the sofa staring into space.

After a while, mom and dad came back. It's hard to get a pass to the community. You need a death certificate from grandma. But Grandma was at home on the bed to the West, and the rural health center is far, can not open a death certificate, can only find the village secretary.

The cousin of the Public Security Bureau had a good relationship with the village secretary in the countryside, so we called the village secretary and explained the situation. The village secretary wrote a death certificate and sent us a photo. We'll send the photo to the community, and then we'll have a pass.

Two

My family went there in my aunt's car, which was parked in another neighborhood. To pick up the car, the community property said to need a car pass to pass, there is no way, my father and aunt must go to the traffic bureau.

My mom and I were waiting by the side of the road while my dad and my aunt and dad went to get the papers. On the other side of the street, once a bus station and apartment blocks, all the buildings facing the street had been torn down, leaving nothing but rubble. I can't even remember what the street looks like.

The streets were now deserted, each wearing a mask, far from the other. There was no car on the road, only the noise of sparrows was like the noise of the past. A pack of stray dogs happily chased each other through the ruins. They should not be able to understand why the streets, which used to be full of traffic, are now so cold and miserable that they are allowed to roll about.

Nearby, a group of men in Hazmat suits stood in front of an ambulance, as if trying to drag away a patient. My mother and I watched from a distance, afraid to go near.

Dadda called. He wants to know where we are. My mom says we haven't left yet. Dadda said either don't come, one of the undertakers didn't dare to come, the village only came to a funeral cart, to drag grandma to cremation, don't let us put the body at home too long, Yao Yao has followed the funeral cart to go.

"Even if you come back, you will never see each other again. "

My mother listened, for a long time without a word, and said, since we are in the process, then it is better to go back.

It was the village party secretary who called the funeral vehicles. At the moment of the epidemic, the government has asked that everything be simplified. Naturally, we are not allowed to hold mass funerals. Moreover, the village repeatedly asked not to allow burial, to be cremated, the village secretary was afraid of our own burial.

Grandma's generation is the most afraid of cremation. She knew her time was near, and she used to say, when I die, don't come in front of any of you, and don't bring too many people.

Two years ago, there is an old man in the village died in the evening of the New Year's Eve, no one Ken pull to the cremation, the home stopped a few days before the burial, Grandma said if only like that person.

We waited about two hours before we finally got on the bus. It's almost 3:00.

Three

The highway's closed. We're on the national highway. It's about an hour's drive home.

On the way, my mother complained that the holding chicken feather when the Arrow property, if they do not want what proof, perhaps we can see grandma's remains. In fact, the Department of Transportation said that we already have a certificate issued by the community, there is no need to find a property to open what certificate.

My mom was talking about something that happened before grandma died.

Two days ago, grandma said to eat cough syrup, Dada put a bottle on the bedside, who think grandma actually finished a meal. That's what grandma wanted to do.

My heart is a little sad, grandmother suffered a lifetime of suffering, on her deathbed has been unable to take care of themselves, a heart only for a quick death. But she did not know, the world is now like a war, even if we return home will have to go through many tests.

The only good news is that she didn't die of new pneumonia, even though she had asthma, and we all know that. Although my cousin was a migrant worker in Fujian, he spent a night in Wuhan when he returned home, but he was isolated at home for more than 14 days without any symptoms, let alone infecting his grandmother.

Grandma died a natural death, a blessing in disguise at a time when tragedy has burst like a soap bubble.

There were hardly any private cars on the national highway, just a few lorries passing by, and the traffic lights all turned red. On the way back home, we had to pass through several towns, and there were checkpoints between them. Soon we arrived at the first checkpoint, where a party of four got off the bus and were checked in by traffic police, while a paramedic in protective clothing pointed a thermometer gun at our foreheads to take temperature readings.

The heat was on, and the temperature was a little high, but it soon dropped. Next to them, a line of guards, under new orders, swore before a man with a video camera, "we must win this war! "

In front of a big speaker, put the village cadre's instruction: "Now there are still some people, visit relatives and friends, go around... " now in the countryside, wearing a mask playing Mahjong also happens.

When we reached the last checkpoint, Dadda called again to ask where we were, and said that grandma's ashes had been placed in a coffin, and that they would be laid to rest as soon as we arrived.

According to the elders, we couldn't drive to grandma's house because there were paper whips in the car. According to custom, after grandma's funeral, these things can no longer enter the house.

Four

My hometown is called Shiqiaozhen Shilipu. In ancient times there were ten bridges in this town, hence the name "Shiqiao" . We turn at the Bow River Bridge and follow the Bow R. River to the village. Every winter, the Bow R. River becomes extremely shallow, almost exposing its bed.

Childhood, every summer vacation I will stay in the countryside for a month, every evening, with my cousin and village partners to the river "play the ball shrew" (bath) . But I am afraid, only dare to play in the river very shallow place, only flat tire, I dare to be cousin to the heart of the river.

GRANDPA would watch us while we grazed the cows and smoked a cigarette. But after all these years, even growing up on the river, I was still a landlubber.

Bao River in front of my house, taken one summer

The car stopped at a dirt road, got off and went down the road with a paper whip. The sheep intestine path has not been repaired for a long time, it is not clear whether the road or the ridge. The Sun had set to the West, and all around were weeds and crops I couldn't name.

A few birdsong, more appear here quiet, like a city has long forgotten place.

When I was in junior high school, I had been infatuated with a burst of martial arts novels, wandering the world of Chivalrous, Ancient Road West wind broken-hearted people, all let me yearn for. Peach and plum spring breeze a glass of wine, rivers and lakes night rain ten-year lamp, I often miss the novel described, in a bamboo forest next to the INN, a group of people told the legend of the remote rivers and lakes.

Whenever I go back to the countryside, I always take a martial arts novel, read into the situation, and then looked up, the old things in the countryside, also stained with a little classical charm, as if the story can take place from here. Jiang Kuoyun low, broken wild goose called the West Wind.

Next thing I know, there's a bunch of guys in masks waiting for us. Up Close, there were some middle-aged men from the village, all waiting by a coffin.

My mom ran over and knelt down in front of the coffin. I knelt beside my cousin. After a while, the women of the village pulled us up, a few men carrying coffins, shouting together "Ho Ho! " , walked forward in a field of yellow flowers.

Grandma's grave is in that yellow field.

I do not know whether Providence, all around the scenery withered, only that a piece of day lily in full bloom, yellow is gorgeous. An old man jumped into the grave and chiseled away inside for the final touch-up.

My mom was on her knees next to me, crying. Dadda mourned beside the coffin, twisting the words, as the village women and elders soothed. "Cry now, " laughed a young man as he untied the cord on the coffin. "You'll never cry again. "

Uncle and uncle put the coffin into the earth, my mother they lift a piece of cotton-padded jacket, scoop a handful of soil, shake off in the grave, I also followed sheng a handful of soil, sprinkle on the coffin.

Then the men picked up shovels and dustpans to fill the earth. I stood aside, suddenly remembered a "dream of Red Mansions" in a sentence, but it should be reversed: "yesterday Red Light Tent Undercover Mandarin Duck, tonight Loess Longtou send white bones. " As my mother said on the road, yesterday still eating, buried in the ground today.

Grandma's grave is next to GRANDPA's, and according to custom, the head of the grave can not be higher than GRANDPA's. A man stood at the head of the grave with a spade and knocked it into an upside-down bowl. Then they placed a China bowl upside down in front of the grave, and he stood at the head of the grave and smashed it with a shovel. Another old man picked up a can of eggs and rice and buried it in the dirt.

The grave was completed, and we lit the firecrackers, whose sound wafted up and down the empty fields. Thanks to the sudden silence of the world, let now the sound of firecrackers deafening.

Then the elders began to burn paper, bring burning things can burn, the fire gradually reduced, men will shovel, Dustpan, basket on the fire smoked a smoke, in our dialect, called "smoke a hill (smoke) , everything is all right. ". So that grandma's spirit can keep us safe in the days to come.

Five

When I was a child, my hometown was a place full of life. The village was full of children. Every winter and summer vacation, I will go with them to burn weeds, play cards, swimming, digging sugar cane.

One to the new year, to the New Year of the people in a continuous stream, can gather on several tables Mahjong. Chickens, ducks and geese are kept free in the yard, and cats and dogs fight for food under the table while eating. The pigs were kept in the yard, and in the evening GRANDPA went to herd the cattle.

Yao Yao also has a pool, specially raises the Turtle Fish. But now, the young people are out for work, grandma's generation is about to leave. I went back to the countryside, only feel deserted around, our family no longer have chickens, ducks, geese, cats, dogs, cows and pigs. People in their prime are getting older and staying behind to guard their last inch of homeland. When they're gone, this village will be a veritable wasteland.

At the moment of the epidemic, the countryside is still very rich in material, up to the Spring Festival before buying one hundred yuan of chicken, duck, fish and beef, seasonal vegetables in the field is a dig. My mother and Dadda were in the back kitchen with the village women, serving food, and the men were sitting in the front hall, eating and drinking and talking. My cousin and I toasted them one by one to thank them for helping with the funeral arrangements.

When I was finally free, I returned to the back patio, which connected the front hall to the back kitchen and was the only area where there was a faint silence.

The night is still cold moon, sparse stars when. Shi Tiesheng said in "Grandma's star" , every person walking, the sky will light up a star. I wonder which one grandma's star is.

Night Sky on the night grandma was buried

It occurred to me that twenty years ago, on my cousin's tenth birthday, I had to go to class and return to the country in the evening. That night, the starry night sky gave me a strong shock, I have never seen in the city so prosperous starry sky.

My mom called me to dinner, and I went into the kitchen. My mom and other people reminiscing about grandma. My mother said that the last time she went back to the city after taking care of her grandmother, she asked her to stay, saying, "I have more courage if you stay here. " Dadda said that last night, her grandmother deliberately let her wash herself and get dressed. Who would have thought that such a moment would be the last.

I Miss My Grandmother, even though she's just gone.

The last time I saw grandma was a year ago, before she left, she called my name and asked me to come back again.

I came back, and the next thing I knew, grandma was gone.

Author Nie Wen, editor of a publishing house

Editor | Pu Moshi

▼

The national story project is looking for anyone with a story

Tell the story you care about and send it

tougao@quanmingushi.com

Once the story was published, it was paid 300-1,000 yuan for each thousand words

Please support the National Story Project, Click here

Go to "discover"-"take a look" browse "friends watching"

Sent

####Send it to take a look

Sending

A scan of wechat
Pay attention to the account


-------------
title: After the city was shut down, we went back to our hometown to mourn for grandma
source: quan-min-gu-shi-ji-hua-（-ge-ti-）
authors: _
editors: _
proofreader: _
photographer: _
translator: _
via: https://github.com/2019ncovmemory/nCovMemory
link: https://mp.weixin.qq.com/s/Yv0YrXR8AQsdERUKrimhyA
archive: https://archive.is/0Bde3
snapshot: https://github.com/2019ncovmemory/nCovMemory/blob/master/archive/jpg/2159.jpg
lead: I Miss My Grandmother, even though she's just gone.
cover: data:image/jpeg;base64,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
