##I've got half the patients out of the ICU

Wechat, bingdianweekly

Features, China Youth Daily's in depth reporting brand. We believe that news has more than one day of life.

Medical workers take body temperature at Xiaonan district maternal and Child Health Hospital in Xiaogan City, Hubei Province, Feb. 17. China Youth Daily China Youth Net Trainee Reporter, Lu Chong / photo

This article is about 3780 words long

Estimated reading time: 10 minutes

Oral Presentation: Yan Kang, Chief of critical care medicine, Hwaseo Hospital, Sichuan University

Collation: Youth newspaper Youth Network reporters, Wang Jiaxing, Wang Xinxin

Kang Yan is the director of the Department of Critical Care Medicine at Hwaseo Sichuan University Hospital and the leader of the 3rd team of Hwaseo Hospital. After arriving in Wuhan on February 7, the 130-MEMBER team took over two critical care areas in the East Hospital of Hubei Provincial People's Hospital.

In the past 10 days, they have treated 128 patients with severe new pneumonia, of which 61 patients have been transferred to the Shelter Hospital and community hospitals, and two patients died. That is a hard feat to achieve compared with the mortality rate of nearly 5 per cent of new cases in Wuhan. Kang still regrets that the 2 deaths occurred early in the hospital when oxygen supply was insufficient.

Here is his dictation:

Red, yellow, green

By the time we took over, there were 80 beds in two wards, and 77 patients were already there. East side of the hospital is very considerate, each ward left us a skeleton doctor and a head nurse to help coordinate.

The Eastern Hospital of Hubei Provincial People's Hospital was originally a general hospital, but now it has fully admitted patients with severe new pneumonia. Many procedures need to be straightened out. The first thing we did when we moved in was assess and screen patients, find out who was really at risk of dying.

We subdivide the ward into green, yellow and red areas. Green Zone admitted patients with relatively mild symptoms, do general treatment on the line. Yellow area admitted new coronary pneumonia symptoms are not serious, but there are basic diseases such as diabetes, coronary heart disease, hypertension patients, new coronary pneumonia often induce and aggravate these combined diseases. Red Zone is admitted to treat serious organ dysfunction, need organ function support, such as high-flow oxygen, breathing on the patient.

Rough statistics, red, yellow, green area of patients accounted for about 10% , 15% , 75% .

The intensity and programme of medical and nursing care in the three districts are completely different. For example, focus on patients in the red zone and give them the most accurate treatment. If you lower the mortality rate in the red zone, you lower the mortality rate in the entire patient population. For the Green Zone, a few paramedics can take care of all the patients.

The National Diagnosis and treatment plan mentions that the management of severe cases should be centralized, and one patient should be assigned 0.8 doctors and 3 nurses. But with only 130 people in our 80 beds, and only a third of our power, we need top-level design, hierarchical management, and the ability to make the most of our manpower.

In the first week, our main task was to draw up protocols based on reality. In fact, there are many places to run-in, such as how the daily rounds, how to hand over the shift. At Hwaseo hospitals, we have a very structured system of "three-level rounds, " where an average patient goes for almost an hour. But now is the "war" , medical staff, and to minimize the time spent in the ward, reduce the risk of new pneumonia. So we put the systematic ward round outside the ward, clear every time into the ward to do things to ensure the quality of ward rounds while reducing the exposure time in the ward.

In addition, every day at 4:30 pm, three batches of doctors from the Hwaseo Hospital in Hubei Province and experts from the Hwaseo Hospital headquarters are required to conduct long-distance, multi-disciplinary discussions on difficult cases. Wuhan has new coronary pneumonia patient, Sichuan also has, the two places rescue work can realize the organic coordination.

The goal of our efforts is that the intervention and treatment of patients in Hubei can reach the standard of the daily work of the Hwaseo Hospital. Just because it's an emergency doesn't mean you should lower your standards. A patient might have a problem because of a detail lapse.

So far, our work seems to be going smoothly. As of February 17, out of the 128 patients we treated, 61 have left the hospital with mild illness, and the rate of severe to mild illness is close to 50% . In general, being transferred out of the hospital means you are no longer at risk of death.

In 10 days, two patients died, all in their late 20s. When they died, the hospital's oxygen supply could not keep up, only giving them oxygen, not through high-flow oxygen or non-invasive breathing machine.

The patients in the red zone pose the greatest challenge to us. There are four patients in the red zone right now, and I'm confident that I can treat three of them, and one of them is unstable and volatile.

I would also like to correct the public perception that ECMO is not necessarily a life-saving device and that it is used only as a last resort. Cost is one thing, ECMO can also bring many complications to patients, such as embolism, infection, bleeding disorder and so on.

In fact, as far as I know, the mortality rate of patients using ECMO in Wuhan is quite high, and very few of them survived. It's a systems engineering, and it needs support from all sides. Using ECMO when it's not appropriate is not very effective in restoring the patient's condition, and it is a huge drain on medical resources.

That's 10 times more oxygen than we need

We have a team of 99 nurses, 30 doctors, and a medical engineer. The medical engineers are here because the pre-op teams are reporting problems with oxygen in most hospitals.

Normally, there are only 20 beds in the ICU, and the patient's oxygen intake is usually 2-5 liters per minute. Not all patients need it. New Coronary pneumonia is respiratory failure disease, critically ill patients mostly need oxygen, many need or high flow oxygen, 60 liters per minute, demand more than 10 times more.

The hospital initially used oxygen tanks on top, but this is very unsafe, oxygen pressure, oxygen tank transport inconvenience, but also involves disinfection. Oxygen machine can not be used, not only flow, but also too large volume, too high electrical load, noise, and so on.

Finally, our medical engineers modified the oxygen supply system, adding oxygen supply equipment, refitting the oxygen supply pipeline. By the evening of February 15, the problem of oxygen supply to the ward was basically solved. This also reminds us that in the hospital construction phase to consider the special circumstances of medical gas load, reserve pipeline.

The largest contingent of us is the critical care staff, with 40 nurses and six doctors. As far as I know, about 10% of the medical staff supporting Hubei Province are from the Department of Critical Care Medicine. More than 4,000 members of the critical care medicine branch of the Chinese Medical Association came to Hubei Province. In Sichuan, county-level hospitals have mobilized to support Hubei.

Our section received information to come to Wuhan support, the key admission of critically ill patients, the hospital from other departments to transfer staff to ICU to learn. No sooner had we finished our training in theory and clinical practice than we received our assignment to support Hubei. Later practice proved that if it was not for timely training, the ICU of our own hospital would not be able to function because of manpower problems. The doctors who were sent to Hubei after training also showed better ability of intensive care.

We also have doctors from the geriatrics, nephrology, and cardiology departments, considering that most of the critically ill patients are elderly. When COVID-19 attacks a patient's heart, liver, kidney and other organs, we hope to work together as a multidisciplinary team to find a better way to respond.

Our team also has 3 mental health center, has the psychological consultant certificate nurses, carries on the psychological consultation and the intervention to the medical staff and the patient.

One of our patients, a 73-year-old man prone to depression, was ashamed of his illness, felt that he had infected his family, and sometimes felt that he was incontinent, causing problems for the nurses. We also rescued patients, but because of new pneumonia and complications are very difficult, begged us to let him "go to the funeral home. ". There are patients in the Green Zone, 3 people in a room, individual patients with the ward people, asked to transfer ward... all kinds of circumstances can be encountered. Through the guidance of our psychological counseling nurses, most of them have got very good improvement.

In order to prevent the medical staff from being infected, we organized the team members to do training in advance, and divided the hotels they stayed in into sections, even down to which door they entered the hotel from, what they had to do before entering the hotel, what clothes they wore, and what elevators they took, each health care worker was also asked to set aside clean areas and potential contamination areas in the room. We made it very clear that no one was allowed to come in, and all the packed meals were taken to their rooms.

Fortunately, Hwaseo hospitals have a lot of experience and lessons in dealing with natural disasters and large-scale accidents. They have developed systematic procedures and contingency plans, so they are well-organized in the face of emergencies.

The overall mortality rate is not high

Wuhan patients with high early mortality should have a number of factors. At present, the total mortality rate is not higher than "SARS" , avian influenza.

Objectively speaking, the level of medical care in Wuhan is not low. This happened because of the sudden appearance of so many patients, medical resources can not keep up, patients did not get more standard treatment. Outside Hubei Province, the manpower and material resources can keep up, the mortality rate is relatively low. I believe that in Hubei and Wuhan, once medical rescue forces are in place throughout the country and patients are given standard treatment, the death rate will certainly go down.

The first is to reduce the number of critically ill patients and prevent them from getting worse. The second is to reduce the mortality of critically ill patients and to get worse as far as possible. The position of our medical team is to treat patients with severe illness, so our work is mainly the latter, the former work should be outside the hospital.

In my opinion, patients should be evaluated a little bit ahead of time, rather than waiting for the development of severe cases to be divided into "red zone" and "Green Zone" . When a patient has a mild illness, it's important to screen for early interventions that may progress to severe illness. This is bound to lead to intensive care intervention to be ahead of time. The mortality rate for patients with new crown pneumonia in Wuhan is now declining, and it is still very encouraging.

In the face of major public events, I clearly feel that the doctor-patient relationship, the family of patients on our high degree of trust.

This time in Wuhan, an old woman had to undergo a Subclavian Vein Catheterization. Normally, we have to explain the situation to the family repeatedly, ask the family to sign an informed consent form, but this time only by remote video. We make medical decisions, and the family members all say "Yes" and "thank you, Doctor. " On the contrary, the old woman joked, "you are an unfilial daughter, what the doctor said, you say good, not afraid I die here? "

I remember when the Wenchuan County earthquake of 2008, a lot of young people had to have amputations. To make it easier for them to get prosthetics, we all try to leave an inch more, but if we're wrong, we may have to amputate a second or third time. At the time, the family understood. But in the ordinary course of things, many doctors would be cautious, put in place at once, and not take risks. Between the doctor and the patient does not trust, the victim must be the patient.

I was supposed to be the second support team to assist Hubei. At that time, the luggage was checked in, the boarding pass was all done, and the higher authorities called to say that I had other plans to suspend the support, the airport staff went to a lot of trouble to pick out my luggage.

At that time, I was very upset, I think the military service, colleagues and friends concerned about my phone call, those days are embarrassed to go out. A week later, I got the call to be the leader of the third squad. I knew I was coming, so I didn't unpack.

I think of "SARS" , I and the wife of the same doctor did not discuss, in their respective departments on the line, also did not think just a few years old children who will take care of. Not to say shed blood, saving lives is what we should do in this profession. If there's an outbreak, it's on us.

Today, my friend told me that the streets of Chengdu and Beijing have become congested with traffic. The good news is that life is returning to normal and people are less afraid of COVID-19. But taking precautions is something we have to stress over and over again.

A lot of people ask me what I want to do when this epidemic is over. At my age, I really don't want to do anything. But Right now, my biggest wish, is that this epidemic is over, that everyone's work life is back to normal, and that this team of 130 people comes in, and the last 130 people go home safe and sound.

China Youth Daily Presents

Editor of Wechat | Chen Yinan

If you think it looks good, click here

Go to "discover"-"take a look" browse "friends watching"

Sent

####Send it to take a look

Sending

A scan of wechat
Pay attention to the account


-------------
title: I've got half the patients out of the ICU
source: FREEZING POINT
authors: _
editors: _
proofreader: _
photographer: _
translator: _
via: https://github.com/2019ncovmemory/nCovMemory
link: https://mp.weixin.qq.com/s/1oK__AmnObD-mjSKuWiaoA
archive: http://archive.ph/cpEx9
snapshot: https://github.com/2019ncovmemory/nCovMemory/blob/master/archive/jpg/1547.jpg
lead: How to reduce mortality
cover: data:image/jpeg;base64,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
