##I was abroad trying to get masks

Wechat, renwumag1980

Feature Introduction, the best Chinese character report

From collection to transportation, every level presents unexpected difficulties. After being raised prices, broken contracts, cheated and other accidents, overseas Chinese have tactfully waded out of their own line. But things change quickly. There are still some overseas goods, for various reasons, are still on the way to Wuhan, I do not know when to arrive.

By Han Yi

Editor | Xiao Zhu

1

"Give us $100 a case and we'll let you go. On February 7,30 boxes of face masks were stranded at customs in Moscow's Sheremetyevo Airport because of "document discrepancies. ".

This was no stranger to Jimmy, who had 50,000 masks that had been similarly rejected at Russian customs for lack of paperwork.

When sending large quantities of goods out of customs, all kinds of certificates and documents should be prepared. Formal Invoices, licensing documents, tax information, and so on, the need for a long cycle. Russia's Green Channel for relief supplies exempts such procedures, but also requires proof of receipt at the domestic and provincial level, which Jimmy does not. However, the penalty was traded in the toilets inside the airport, which led Jimmy to conclude that this was a private act of some Russian policemen, "illegal. ". "

But even if put in the country, it is not a batch of "compliance" of the material. Model, just an ordinary medical disposable mask, can not help doctors face suspected patients, and most of the designated hospitals in Wuhan at this stage in the list of materials for help, does not belong to first-class materials. It also lacked the formality of a stamped letter of acceptance from the provincial Red Cross.

Even irregular supplies are hard to come by on the front lines. Li Ping, a doctor at a private hospital in Wuhan, added more than a dozen volunteer groups at one go after the Spring Festival. Every day, he filled out a report and updated his material requirements. "I'm afraid that if I only send it once, people will miss it. "

His hospital, which had been closed for more than a decade for lack of protective equipment, did not reopen until February 11. The doctor wears the industrial protective clothing donated by the enterprise. If he takes a big step, the crotch of his pants will split. "because there is no foot cover, the colleague ties the garbage bag to the foot, the road walked too much, also will loosen. But there was a shortage of face masks, and on the day of the shutdown, there wasn't a single N95 left in the hospital.

With the convenience of doctor's identity, Li Ping can still go in and out after the community is closed, he simply signed up as a volunteer to transport supplies. To help other hospitals to send protective materials, but also for the needs of their own hospitals, shouting, "do not meet the standards of medical use, large hospitals do not accept, we need. ". "

It's not easy to find a compliant mask. The standards of Russian medical masks are different from those of European Standard and American standard. Some manufacturers of certified and authorized medical materials are also unable to provide masks that meet the standards of Chinese certification.

Jimmy's circle of Chinese Russians started a wechat group on Jan. 24 to raise money after learning that Wuhan was running low on supplies. That evening, the number of members of the group increased rapidly from more than a dozen to more than 100, until it approached 300. Part of the team finds the product, part of the team sets the criteria. One by one, they asked the Internet to find the contact information of pharmaceutical manufacturers, get material sample table, translated to domestic doctors, confirmed that it can be used, the link published to the group for volunteers to subscribe.

Doctors Post requests on wechat groups and guide purchases. Source

Purchasing is bordering on robbery. From the third day to the seventh day, almost all the links sent out will be bought up in a flash. Some of the donations come from businesses, while others come from local Chinese white-collar workers and foreign students with no income. There was even a Chinese student whose mother tried to transfer money to Jimmy's account on wechat because her son was studying in St. Petersburg and "wanted to do something for him. ". "

The speed of purchase can not keep up with the skyrocketing price. A shipment of N95-compliant face masks purchased on January 27 was delayed twice, and a week later Jimmy received a call from the manufacturer's account manager saying, "the lowest price is 109 rubles (each) . Nearly double the previous price.

Jimmy lost his temper. This is his company's long-term supplier, he found familiar with the theory of the big account manager, and prepared to draw up a letter of counsel, the other side in coordination to set the price at 90 rubles, up 50% .

Desperate to raise supplies, Jimmy finally accepted the price and bought 6,000 N95 standard masks. The masks were donated to the Hubei Charity Federation because they met medical standards.

The 50,000 masks that were once held up outside the airport gates also saw the biggest price increase in their lives. When Jimmy ordered it online on Jan. 27, the disposable medical mask N50 was still selling for 1.25 rubles, or less than 15 cents. On February 5, the price of similar masks had reached 20 rubles, "and the price has gone up more than a dozen times. "

The 50,000 masks just weren't that lucky. The fines demanded by the police were more than three times the cost of the masks themselves, and they were eventually hauled back to a makeshift warehouse.

It was minus eight degrees in Moscow that night, and Jimmy remembers it well, snowing.

2

Across the ocean, Vancouver's supplies were in short supply almost at the same time.

On the afternoon of, Peng Hong, an otorhinolaryngologist at the second people's Hospital in Guangzhou, was told that masks and goggles were in short supply. She called for help from a volunteer group in Vancouver. She had been on leave to visit her mother, but she booked the first flight home, "back to her comrades. ". "

Do Logistics Akang see, immediately in the circle of friends called on partners to donate their own home stock, want to let her as carry-on luggage back to use. Akang spent his entire 30s in the office, constantly being driven from the surrounding cities to deliver supplies, the smallest of which was a Chinese netizen's purchase of five goggles in his city, which was also for industrial use.

At 8 p.m. on the first day of the Lunar New Year, the volunteers packed five boxes of the supplies and sent them to the home of Dr. Peng Hong, who had cut off his long hair to reduce infection. Her mother's eyes were swollen with tears from worry about her daughter. At the sight of the five boxes of supplies, the woman doctor cried too.

At the airport, the airline added an extra luggage allowance for two people, and the supplies followed her back to the hospital.

AKANG's circle of friends is still getting calls for help. Starting on January 26th, the second edition of the list was updated at Wuhan's Frontline Union Hospital, with the caption breaking her heart. "It's not an emergency, it's gone! "

Some masks donated by volunteers in Vancouver

Members of the group continued to stock up on goggles and protective gear, placing orders online and buying piecemeal. 50 here, 100 there. A volunteer doctor in Shanghai serves as a consultant on purchasing standards and provides real time guidance. Programmers, media workers, doctors, teachers, corporate white-collar workers... within a few days, volunteers from all walks of life together from what is the protective screen do not know, became an expert at memorizing the specs for goggles and face shields.

At the same time, they shouted for "Human Flesh" to be delivered from various groups in the Metro Vancouver, asking for help to bring it back to China. "every box counts, and it is sent to the most urgent place. "

Things change every day. On Feb. 2, Capital Airlines and Sichuan Airlines canceled some flights from Vancouver to the Chinese city. When Akang found out, he sat in his office and "lost his mind. ". We still have a lot of supplies coming in from everywhere. What if all the ships stop? At 3:00 p.m. , she tracked down the 12:30 p.m. China Eastern flight MU598 from Vancouver to Shanghai, and found two people in her circle of friends who were willing to take the goods.

And then, she had the seven hours of her life. A dozen volunteers drove to her office to pack with her, some of whom they had never met. Halfway through packing, she realized she didn't have enough duct tape to go out and buy it.

At 10 pm, a group of people packed all the boxes, which was not enough for the two volunteers, but decided to try their luck in the airport security area.

At the check-in counter, they found two volunteers who had been waiting there. The next eastern face was a middle-aged man who was going back to Shanghai. Without much explanation, he saw the box and immediately understood, "I know, just give me the box. ". "Then a family of three agreed to help, and solved three more boxes.

In half an hour, Akang and his friends, who had been summoned on short notice, put seven boxes of supplies on a conveyor belt. At the Shanghai Pudong International Airport, volunteers waited for them to deliver supplies to Hubei and then relay them to the hospitals they had contacted. We were strangers before this. Many of us have never met. All the boxes had the same sign on the outside: Vancouver Chinese. Akang felt that the words "refueling in Wuhan" on the box said it all.

American volunteers pack up supplies

3

Wang Jun and his team of local volunteers played the final role in the relay. They contact the hospital to issue a pass and a letter of acceptance, looking for volunteers to deliver the goods to the designated hospital in Wuhan.

Wang Jun, a native of Hubei Province, returned to Wuhan for the Lunar New Year holiday this year, and after the city was closed, he set about docking donors with hospitals that needed resources. After the fourth day of the Lunar New Year, he set up a temporary convoy, named the 001 rescue team.

One of the hardest problems to solve is the one-kilometer travel ban around the airport. In Wuhan and the suburbs, volunteers can apply for a special pass, but if you want to get in and out of the airport, you have to get a special pass, one day at a time. Such passes can only be submitted by designated hospitals to the headquarters of the application, indicating the specific location of materials received, the receiving hospital address, the identity of the recipient and contact information, I went to the headquarters to obtain the original seal.

The team is divided into two groups, a number of private cars, dedicated to transport medical staff to and from work, before the death of infected volunteers he hui in this group. Another batch of specialized pick-up and delivery of medical supplies, Suvs, commercial vehicles and vans are in the majority, but this type of vehicle capacity is also limited, encountered bulk materials, it is very difficult.

In early February, Japanese overseas Chinese raised a 4-ton shipment. Qin Yu, a member of the Wang Jun team, was given the assignment on the 2nd. When the list of targeted hospitals was sent to her, she was in Kyushu, passing through a warehouse and pulling out supplies, and she had only a cursory glance, and there was a private hospital on the list that she remembered.

Li Ping happened to call her, his hospital and the name of the private hospital is very similar. Qin Yu also did not think much, hurriedly told him, "there is a batch of your materials, can you help me get a few trucks? "? "

Hearing about the supplies, Li Ping quickly contacted a 4.2-meter-long van and got a pass to enter and exit the airport on the 5th. But on the evening of the 4th, Qin discovered two things: First, the plane did not come until the 7th, and second, Li Ping's hospital was not on the list of targeted donations. She was mistaken.

Overseas donations often amount to a large amount of goods, targeted donations are the majority, volunteers a moment to receive information, need to coordinate a lot of things. Qin Yu ran into all groups of volunteers, please spare a batch of materials from this batch even a little to Li Ping, but the group reply, this is a targeted donation of materials, resolutely can not give.

A batch of medical masks purchased from abroad arrived at the domestic airport. Tuyuan Customs Releases Sina Weibo

Qin Yu or hard-headed head made Li Ping's phone. Hearing the two bad news, Li Ping could not hide his anger and disappointment, but he promised to help other hospitals in Wuhan with the delivery of supplies.

Shortly before 8 p.m. on the 7th, they arrived at the airport warehouse, where the shipment did not arrive until 11 p.m. It was very cold that day. After loading the car, I returned to the city. It was more than two o'clock in the morning.

Did Not rest for a few hours, Li Ping up again, carrying some supplies to several designated hospitals. In order to reduce the possibility of infection when the doctors in the hospital go out, he parked the car directly below the infection department and helped to carry the materials to the door of the department. After the doctor in the acceptance letter signs off, he takes a picture and sends it back to the donor. Carrying the goods, he passed a passer-by, saw the box full of Japanese, and the sentence "the same day" .

Qin launched every organization and organization he knew to raise supplies for Li Ping's hospital. Any other big hospital you don't want or don't like, you can have. Her neighbors saw her circle of friends and sent her 40 N95 masks from American friends. Qin immediately decided to give Li the 40 masks, plus the 100 N95s that Wang Jun had previously provided to his volunteers. After that, she found another batch of goggles and protective clothing. Within four days, Li Ping's hospital was open for business, and four patients were treated that day. He posted a message on his friends' circle, explaining that he did not want to open the shop to make money. "everything I own is in Wuhan. My family, my friends, all my memories. Instead of hiding, we attack. It's the only way to defend them. "

A few days later, Li Ping told her, "we have received 16 patients. "

Save one patient, and the family lives. Qin Thought it was worth it. In the 7th Batch, they eventually distributed 1,000 disposable surgical masks to Li Ping. This is the largest shipment of protective equipment this hospital has received in over a decade.

In addition to his job, Li Ping is busy picking up and dropping off the latest masks arriving in Wuhan. He had forgotten what it was like to walk in the Sun without a mask. "I just wanted to wait until spring came and the epidemic was over. I had to take off my mask and take a breath. "

Wuhan residents set up charity convoy to transport anti-epidemic materials at their own expense. Pear video

4

The masks that Jimmy stopped at Russian customs were meant to be sent to regional hospitals where civilian relief supplies were temporarily out of reach. She found that even ordinary surgical masks like these could not be bought in Moscow.

Even if they raise more money, masks are becoming harder to find. At first, everyone swiped their own card first, and then invoiced reimbursement, but the amount quickly ran out of cash. Can Be Determined to donate funds intended to re-take goods, there are new problems, often domestic just said "to" , the goods have been bought abroad.

Volunteer Ann found a source worth one hundred thousand yuan and had to pay within a few hours to the Turkish factory's bank card number. But the investor does not have a Hong Kong account, can not transfer foreign currency directly, plus the time difference reason, finally or small ann first to raise money to pay.

If the transaction amount exceeds 100,000 US dollars, it can only be transferred through the Foreign Trade Company to the company. Some large charitable foundations can afford to pay, but there is a more complicated approval process going a little slower and the supply will soon be gone. Later, Oyasu's trusted friend handed over the decision, "100,000 Canadian dollars or less, do not ask, buy directly. ". "

"There are masks on the black market. "Oyasu found that since masks became hard currency, there have been a few people hoarding them. The masks she found on the black market in Turkey, which started at less than 10 yuan each, have soared to $6.50. Not including logistics, cash on hand. Jimmy had agreed on a set of suits that would have gone from 50 yuan to 40 yuan each, but when he paid the next day, he was told, 100 yuan each, don't let anyone take it away right away.

Even if broken contracts become commonplace, soaring prices are still the easiest problem to solve. "money is no object. Sharon, director of NACCF, the Chinese American Foundation, has been anxious since February 6. "The problem is, there are no masks left. "

She tried every trick she could find. Mobilize college students to scour the Internet for supplies; work with the Connecticut Hedge Fund Alliance and the Greenwich Hospital Foundation to raise medical supplies at major medical facilities in the eastern United States; and fly to Cambodia, India, and South America, contact all overseas manufacturers that are making masks.

The feedback was not encouraging, and everything was sold out.

On Feb. 9, Acorn and his partners in Canada raised a relatively large shipment from the Metro Vancouver to concentrate on shipping. In order to ensure the smooth arrival of supplies, each carton is equipped with the corresponding hospital's detailed material receiving letter. To Save Time and effort for front-line volunteers, details of donors and recipients were posted on the outside of each item, along with a single-number bar code for domestic shipments. Volunteers spent four hours repacking hundreds of boxes of supplies, many maxing out their credit cards before the money was collected.

Volunteers pack supplies in Vancouver

The next day, the 124 boxes arrived in Qingdao. These goggles and masks will be returned to China as targeted donations through green channels opened up by logistics companies, sent directly to more than 40 hospitals in Jilin, Henan, Hebei, Hunan, Hubei, Guangzhou, Zhuhai, Shanghai, Jiangsu, Anhui, Zhejiang and Beijing.

Akang and his partners are ready to continue to collect information on the materials available after the shipment and provide it to caring enterprises in need in the country.

As the number of first-class medical supplies that were in compliance grew smaller and smaller, some reluctant volunteers began a near-carpet search and found a chain store with just 30 goggles, pulling out a list of all the local stores, let the volunteers in the group look for the goods nearby. At the same time, they have lowered the standard of various protective materials. "If I had known that the 10,900400(non-medical protective clothing models) ordered last week should have been taken down, I would have been able to withstand it with a plastic-coated coat. "

Since February, the news of the suspension of international flights, Vancouver can find space for the flight less and less. Jimmy also received bad news from other volunteers at Russian airports, who stopped them before they could enter if their supplies exceeded their luggage limit, "Any cardboard box containing supplies" is not allowed to enter the green passage even if you pay the fine.

In order to send the "non-compliant" materials back to China, the "human meat" back to work is continuing. To the domestic city, to ask volunteers to drive to pick up, pull to the local post office, and then sent to the designated hospital. Due to time constraints and insufficient data preparation, only the channels that the Red Cross can use after issuing a letter of acceptance are free. Other channels (including the Charity Federation) need to be charged. One Shanghai volunteer, in order to deliver the goods to the designated hospital, out of 4500 yuan to pay for 26 boxes of freight.

Some girls fly from Toronto to Vancouver just to bring an extra box of supplies. There are also people who don't carry anything with them, leaving all their weight quotas for supplies. Unwilling to say their names, the volunteers gave them a common nickname, "meat with love. ".

On Valentine's Day, from midnight to noon Vancouver time, the three flights once again returned to China with 42 boxes of protective goods, which were brought back by the "meat lovers" and sent to Huanggang by the volunteers who picked them up. Many of these materials, which do not meet the highest medical standards, are labeled "non-medical grade protective clothing. ". But word has come from the front that they need.

On the same day, Jimmy finally got the proper shipping space and sent 50,000 masks and other supplies home, hoping they wouldn't make it to the first line, it could provide the most basic protection for community workers and suspected patients still running around the country naked.

For a week, with no new shipping information, the 50,000 masks were being kept up to date by their donors, who at one point worried that the masks might have been sold by Jimmy, a stranger. Two days earlier, he had called Jimmy to ask for the masks to be returned and had sent them to a friend in Beijing. Jimmy told him that the masks were ready for customs clearance.

On February 16,50,000 masks landed in Beijing.

RAPID INSPECTION AND RELEASE OF EPIDEMIC PREVENTION MATERIALS BY AIRPORT CUSTOMS. Tuyuan Customs Releases Sina Weibo

(at the request of the interviewee, Jimmy, Li Ping and Akang were given pseudonyms.)

Haven't you seen enough?

LONG-PRESS QR code to follow "people" on Wechat

There's more where that came from

Go to "discover"-"take a look" browse "friends watching"

Sent

####Send it to take a look

Sending

A scan of wechat
Pay attention to the account


-------------
title: I was abroad trying to get masks
source: ren-wu-/-mei-ri-ren-wu
authors: _
editors: _
proofreader: _
photographer: _
translator: _
via: https://github.com/2019ncovmemory/nCovMemory
link: https://mp.weixin.qq.com/s/h8SgH9eUTOveTeckHhopVA
archive: http://archive.is/3mA0R
snapshot: https://github.com/2019ncovmemory/nCovMemory/blob/master/archive/jpg/1613.jpg
lead: Akang felt that the words "refueling in Wuhan" on the box said it all.
cover: data:image/jpeg;base64,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
