##On Earth you are a retrograde person and a single parent

Micro-signal Zairenjian11

Features, with a calm narrative against the cold | phoenix network produced in the human studio

Phoenix News Client, produced by Phoenix Network Studio on Earth

Open the Phoenix News client, search "on Earth" and pay attention, read more stories about epidemic areas

On February 26, Zheng Xiaoxian, a newly recruited social worker at a discharge quarantine point and nursing home in Hongshan district, Wuhan City, had just put an elderly man in protective clothing on a bus to the quarantine point and received a phone call from Fangyuan's mother, knowing that she had returned to Wuhan with her boyfriend, she stayed in a hotel and planned to meet Zheng after the epidemic had subsided to plan for the future.

Zheng Xiaoxian hesitates how to mention this bittersweet news to Fang Yuan. Earlier in the chat, Fang Yuan wanted her mother to come back, but the best, "is she a person. ".

Fifteen-year-old Fang Yuan's father was jailed, and before that he and his grandmother were left alone. In early February, after her grandmother contracted new coronary pneumonia, she found herself alone on the Internet, helped by Zheng and other volunteers, and was admitted to the hospital.

Over time, the relationship between the two became more than just a volunteer and a recipient. Such concerns also arose between Zheng and another struggling single-parent girl, Qing Qing, whose grandmother's sudden death from a new coronavirus infection at home pushed her into a drowning situation, "feeling he was quite important to me. ".

Over the course of a month, their concerns did not abate as the outbreak abated. It has a longer-lasting hold in the human heart than the new coronavirus, which eats away at the lungs.

On the evening of February 5, Zheng Xiaoxian, carrying disinfectant, followed Fang Yuan for the first time into the ground floor of an old style family building near Wuche road in Wuchang District.

The ground was full of old things, and there was not a single thing of visible lustre, and there was no apparatus to stand in shape. The old wooden cabinets, the Brown beds, the single stove for the gas, the color of the TV, everything has been left behind by the times for decades. Tile floor blackened, Zheng Xiaoxian want to find a mop to clean up, even for two are bad, Zheng Xiaoxian feel "cold. ". A tin of rusty tin cans of milk powder, it seems to be a good thing at home, not willing to throw away the surrounding area, after sterilization is still stored up.

Almost everything is picked up, garbage is round grandma retired occupation, used to subsidize the unbearable household. The collapse of the family fortune was due to his father, Fang Yuan. At the beginning of his life, he was imprisoned for theft and other acts. As a result, Fang Yuan's mother left. After that, he became a repeat prisoner and the crime gradually increased. He is now spending the remaining eight years in prison for robbery.

The grandparents in Fangyuan are all employees of the vehicle factory. The restructuring of the enterprise has resulted in a meager pension. Four years ago, GRANDPA passed away, and grandfathers and grandsons lived on grandma's pension of about 2,000 yuan, but to spend more than 1,400 yuan a month in prison for his father to pay pension insurance and allowances.

Fangyuan after graduating from junior high school studying art vocational school, learning ballroom dance, tuition and daily rely on the mother in the distance subsidies, "every year my mother's money, I went with my grandmother to buy winter clothes. ". The mother's occupation is the bottom business front sales, the burden of his son's school barely.

The combination of embarrassment and epidemic attacks created a scene that looked like a ruin in front of Zheng's eyes. It also houses a tenant, a bedridden, paralyzed, shivering mother, and her mentally disabled daughter, who is in her mid 50s, as they stagger across the room to the tiny toilet.

When grandma fell ill and had difficulty getting medical treatment, Fang Yuan's appeal on Weibo, "I don't want grandma to leave me, I don't want to be an orphan, " spread to Zheng Xiaoxian and his fellow volunteers.

The same situation, two days later Zheng Xiaoxian at the home of the girl Qing Qing in her early twenties again witnessed. In a neighborhood near Zhongnan Hospital, also an old factory-owned building, there are no elevators in the third floor rooms, and the cramped two-bedroom "adds up to the size of my bedroom, " with wooden windows, bed, furniture, television is not even second-hand goods, close to waste, there is no water heater installed in the narrow bathroom, the whole family from drinking water to wash by an electric kettle.

The girl's mother also ran away when Qingqing was very young. Her father worked as a security guard and driver's agent for many years. Her grandfather died. Her grandmother suffered from diabetes and cataracts. After graduating from vocational high school, she worked as an Internet loan salesman and so on, with a base salary of only, Yuan.

The epidemic in the father first infection, and not to live in the hospital because the room is too small to effectively isolate, resulting in the grandmother and the girl has been infected. On the night of Zheng Xiaoxian's second visit to Qingqing's home, his grandmother, who was seriously ill, struggled to relieve herself on the spittoon and suddenly fell down. Qingqing was unable to lift herself up. The stool with infectious virus flowed everywhere, and the family circumstances of the original Koori no ue Ni Tatsu yo Ni fell into an abyss that was beyond control for a moment.

It was very different from Zheng's own situation, but it had a certain appeal. Zheng Xiaoxian's parents divorced when he was a child, and his family's wealth experienced ups and downs. As an adult, he joined the army and went through a hard life in the military camp. After he transferred to the railway, he left his job without pay and went into business. Once again, he realized the difference between the peak and the trough of life, at its lowest point, he was in debt to millions, forced to deliver food, drive a special car and drive for others, doing the same job as Qing's father and eating only one bowl of fried noodles a day. Later, with the help of his friends, he finally paid off his debts and succeeded in setting up a restaurant again. He lived in a big house with three bedrooms, two living rooms and two bathrooms. He built up his business and contacts in addition to his job as a railway train safety officer, in the epidemic self-preservation and ability to serve as volunteers, retrograde help people.

Before she met Fang Yuan and Qing Qing, Zheng Xiaoxian had been involved in rescuing many families and individuals suffering from the epidemic, and had donated and butted many anti-epidemic materials for medical organizations. But the situation of two single-parent children, and their families at the bottom of the pile, made it difficult for him to let go of the need to add to his purchases of face-mask food, the need to help sterilize, the need to contact a bed, the need to accompany him to the hospital.

He recalls going to Hubei to fight against the floods in 1998, the year he joined the army. Everywhere floods, bodies float helplessly in the water. Zheng Xiaoxian and his comrades in rubber canoes helped the victims to move, and rescued the trapped people from the roofs and treetops. They arrived just after they left the water head. The rows of houses where they had been staying were knocked down by the waves and instantly disappeared, hsiao-hsien Cheng was only able to save a few people in time. The troops camped at the top of the dam, the foundation of the dam gushed like a fountain. Zheng Xiaoxian, 17, wrote a suicide note, sealed it with two layers of plastic bags and tied it in his breast pocket, ready to die.

The boy and the girl who are facing the disaster of the epidemic flood are just like the victims who were rescued from the sinking roof, and Zheng Xiaoxian who is staying on the LEVEE which may collapse at any moment.

From Grandma's cough weakness on New Year's Eve, to the Internet, "crying uncle and aunt to help me, " "don't want grandma to leave me, don't want to be an orphan, " before more than 10 days, 15-year-old Fangyuan has been struggling to support, trying to save grandma and myself.

Endless phone calls are just a small part of saving yourself. Five days after the onset of illness, grandma began breathing difficulties, square with 110 said people are dying, 110 said no way, "I collapsed. ". To the community car to take grandma to see a doctor, the community did not, at most, just to a department of Epidemic Prevention Telephone, report registration, after that is a hopeless waiting.

Call outside, only a few disposable mask protection area, go out of the House to buy medicine for Grandma, go to the hospital with grandma. Four days after the onset of symptoms to the railway hospital outpatient inspection, the community has no car, seventy-eight year old grandmother is walking to, and then walking home, a single journey of more than an hour. Grandma in the fever clinic in the queue for more than two hours, in order to avoid infection, sent him back to the community to report the situation. Grandma back on the road, square circle has been calling, finally could not help half way to pick up, when the grandma home full of sweat, faint in bed, see the deterioration of the condition, smoking becomes difficult.

The CT results of the hospital came out, no symptoms, the square circle felt bad, three days later to take grandma to the Bauhinia Hospital for film, confirmed that grandma double lung infection white, but still can not do nucleic acid diagnosis, and hospital treatment. Two days later, grandma was bedridden, ran to the Bauhinia Hospital alone for in-patient, the doctor told the bed has been full, Fang Yuan can not be reconciled still only disappointed to go home.

At that time, the whole city of Wuhan was in the midst of an epidemic, and the people around them who were in a period of psychological rebellion were able to accept the responses that told them the truth and prepared them psychologically, but instead of putting off some adults and "treating me like a child" , "I felt a kind of hate in my heart. ". This helpless hatred continued until the volunteers intervened.

At home, grandma is lying in bed, panting heavily, and has no energy to speak. When it is serious, she has diarrhea every 20 minutes. Besides taking medicine, grandma needs to drink rehydration salts, help her go to the toilet, and learn to Cook Porridge for her, grandma also fried a meal of Tripe, while their own is to deal with the bubble noodles, or buy a steamed bun back. These have never experienced things, overnight pressure on the shoulders of the square. Even though he was taller than his peers, he definitely exceeded the limits of his thin shoulders.

In a moment of collapse, the circle is rescued from the adult world he once mistrusted. Fortunately, in the midst of a drowning cry for help, his voice was the one that was heard. The day after the letter was sent, the area began to receive numerous phone calls, "one in two seconds. ". Ninety nine percent were useless information or care, with Zheng and a few volunteers and journalists in the remaining 1 percent.

■ Volunteer Zheng Xiaoxian

Outside attention finally prompted the community to send grandma to the South Central Hospital Observation Room, Zheng Xiaoxian here for the first time to see the square. He has been engaged in foreign aid Han materials docking hospital, by the team's efforts to help Fang Yuan grandmother to get a bed. Because the viewing room is crowded, there is a risk of infection around here, Zheng Xiaoxian contact volunteers looking for a car, until late at night to find a car to send Fangyuan home. I do not know which line finally played a role, grandma finally admitted to the south-central hospital ward.

The next day, Zheng Xiaoxian brought Fangyuan N95 masks, gloves and disinfectant. He also took Fangyuan, with the money donated by volunteers, to wal-mart to purchase daily necessities, because Fangyuan insisted on going to the hospital to see grandma deliver things, zheng Xiaoxian and gave him a suit of isolation clothes, accompanied to go. In the hospital did not see grandma, the doctor put things in, then Zheng Xiaoxian carrying disinfectant to the home, spend 2 hours to sterilize all the appliances again, throw away useless things, reduce the risk of infection in the home.

Generally settled in a good square at the same time, Zheng Xiaoxian took over the help of fine information. Qingqing's father has been unable to be confirmed in hospital since he contracted the infection. Grandma became ill at the end of January because she had several chronic diseases. Within a week, the pneumonia became serious, from the initial dry cough to a high fever, she could hardly get out of bed to move, and she had frequent diarrhea, at any time to fine fine arm down the bed spittoon toilet, grandma systemic weakness, sit and get up with fine hard support, almost unable to bear.

After her grandfather's death, Qingqing had to take care of her grandmother for years, returning home before 8:30 Every night to inject her with insulin. Night and grandma in bed, grandma will wake up in the middle of the night because of leg cramps, was described as "thunder does not wake up, " the fine, but will feel grandma a little movement, at any time for grandma rub legs. Qingqing now need to take care of two adults and their own, have no time to eat and drink water, their own cough and heart rate accelerated symptoms, and just in time to lengthen the menstrual period, the family into despair.

Like Fangyuan, trapped in the Home Qingqing made numerous calls, looking for information, to help multiple departments, heard at most two words is "to wait" , and this time whether dad or grandma, have been unable to wait. Dad High fever to 39.8 degrees, said to fine fine feeling oneself soon, fine fine request he must hold on, this head to encourage grandma to hold on, must wait until the hospital.

On February 5, Zheng Xiaoxian came to Qingqing's home and, following the procedure of going to Fangyuan's home, bought a mask, disinfectant and daily necessities for the family, went to the community to communicate, and the next day sent his grandmother a body temperature gun. Fine Fine Grandma asked whether she could stay in the hospital, Zheng Xiaoxian answered yes. Did Not expect that night, back home Zheng Xiaoxian received a fine call, said grandma had an accident.

In the evening, when grandma got out of bed to relieve herself, she was not strong enough to hold grandma down on the SPITTOON. The spittoon turned over and she fell out. She lay on the ground and had no strength to lift her up. She had to call Zheng Xiaoxian. Zheng Xiaoxian let her use mobile phone video call, guidance fine fine to touch grandma's carotid artery, a touch under fine fine phone fell on the ground, grandma has no pulse. Video screen moment disorder, fine cry and tears, grandmother's tragedy and the floor of feces and urine mixed, for a time I do not know what the world.

Zheng Xiaoxian endure sad to continue and fine call, told her to use old clothes covered grandma body, while contact the community issued a death certificate, and funeral home arrangements funeral process. Fortunately, the volunteers released the information of Qing's family to the epidemic situation network. The epidemic prevention department came that night to disinfect and carry away grandma's body. The next day, they applied for a death certificate. The cause of death was indicated as long-term diabetes plus suspected new pneumonia, father was admitted to Hongshan District's Shelter Hospital.

Only fine that night no place to go, the home can not be polluted, but under Zheng Xiaoxian took her to the square circle home overnight. Oneself did not infect the square of new Crown Virus, the room that accommodates fine fine spent a night in the room that grandma leaves. The next day, under the coordination of volunteers, the community finally arranged Qing Qing to stay in an isolated hotel.

A few days later, as the Wuhan Campaign to clean up suspected and close contacts spread, Fang Yuan checked into a quarantined hotel, which tested negative for nucleic acid. Mothers and daughters with disabilities living in rented accommodation are cared for by the community. Qingqing was found to be positive in the hotel and was admitted to Caidian Shelter Hospital. The most helpless moment had finally passed.

"If grandma dies, I die. ". Seeing Zheng Xiaoxian for the first time, Fang Yuan said to him.

Fang Yuan felt that she could accept her grandmother's death, but it had to be a normal way to go, "not this kind of neglect, watching her die, right in front of me. ".

Zheng and the volunteers worked hard to dissuade him. "Grandma wants you to be okay. will she be okay if you go with her? "

The neighborhood and grandma don't get along. Grandma's temper, hit people especially fierce, "I have never seen more ruthless than her. ". UNTIL GRANDMA CAn't move around now, two people are still very very much quarrel. Mother had left home, in addition to his father's behavior, daughter-in-law discord is also a reason. But the square circle and the grandmother's sentiment is also very good, "incomparably thick" . There is no concept of parents, mother left home from childhood, father only in frequent prison back twice, nine-year-old father came home for a week, "and the crime in. ". GRANDPA had a seizure, died when he had it, screamed in the middle of the night, bit his tongue until it bled. Grandma is the backbone of the family, the square circle can not imagine life without her.

In order to dissuade the square circle to think of the idea, Zheng Xiaoxian told his experience of a section of Zhuixin. Zheng Xiaoxian, 37, is unmarried but has had an unborn child with his girlfriend. The baby was not healthy in the mother's womb. At five months old, she miscarried. Zheng, who was at the bottom of her business failure, buried her own baby. "When my uncle told me [ about his experience ] , it was to say that people have to face a lot of things, " he said.

In the early days of Grandma's hospital stay, Zheng took time to play games with her to distract her from her anxiety and connect with various rescue messages and supplies, and ate chicken on the Internet as a teammate. From living alone to living in a hotel isolation, two people will call every night, the square will put his home and hotel to do what, eat what food photo report to Zheng Xiaoxian.

In the round of the home that night, in the face of the grandmother in distress anxious square, Qingqing cried about his grandmother's death, I do not know is each other talk, or comfort.

Fangyuan feel, although grandma has nearly 80 years, but for years pick up garbage weather, the body than the general elderly hard and strong. But that didn't change the fact that grandma had been in the hospital for a week and had been intubated in the ICU. The doctor suggested by telephone that it was better to use human albumin, but the price was high. Six packs cost 3,480 yuan. A reporter asked the alumni to donate 3,000 yuan. Zheng Xiaoxian emptied her pockets and stuffed 480 yuan into her pocket, also sent Fangyuan to the hospital to open the purchase certificate, the next day to buy drugs, the community sent a car sent Fangyuan to the hospital to send drugs. Later, Zheng Xiaoxian accompanied Fang Yuan to buy diapers for her grandmother, until the ban was issued in Wuhan.

Until now, the grandmother who has been hospitalized for more than 20 days has been staying in the ICU. The doctor said to Fangyuan, "if there is any improvement or other news, you will be informed in time. " The heart of Fangyuan has been hanging, and Zheng Xiaoxian is often needed to contact and chat with him, avoid extreme thinking. In Zheng Xiaoxian's view, 15 is the rebellious period and a watershed of psychological conditions, "I told him not to have extreme ideas in case of grandma's death. If you take revenge on society, you will only get pain. To say nothing of allowing yourself to be bad, to live in society is to repeat the old ways of my father. ".

In contact with Fang Yuan's mother, Zheng Xiaoxian also told her "do not use the way to adults to treat him, to avoid leaving the mark of injury. ". The fate of Fangyuan's mother was often troubled, and she grew up in the countryside. Fangyuan's grandmother died very early. Because of her many children, her grandfather sent Fangyuan's mother to be raised by relatives in the countryside, when he was a teenager, he went out to work and met his father. "Give me a piece of candy and go with it. " At Seventeen, he gave birth to a square circle and left disappointed because he met a wrong person. "For the first time in my life, you are the person I trust most, " she told Zheng

Recently I lost my grandmother's sunny, and I often lose sleep after I stay in the isolation hotel. The most sad thing for her is that she always wants to stay in hospital. Zheng Xiaoxian in addition to the ground order issued after the idea to send her supplies, but also often in her depression to comfort. On February 12, Qing Qing was diagnosed with a new coronavirus at a hotel and was in a low mood. After Zheng Xiaoxian returned from delivering supplies to the hospital, she kept calling and chatting with her, mentioning her future life plan: How to adapt to her new job, fall in love and get married, having a baby... "distracts her from the present. ".

Facing the unknown condition of his grandmother, how to arrange his future path is the main concern of Zheng Xiaoxian, although this is far beyond his original volunteer status. He felt that the current round of the study of ballroom dancing professional is not reliable. Dancing needs to be trained from childhood, and the present situation of art education is that students don't learn much in big classes. To further their studies, they have to go to small classes set up by teachers after school, which are expensive, and this is not realistic for their mothers and their families. Last summer Fangyuan tried to attend the teacher's cram school because she was short of money for only ten days. Each class cost 500 to 2,000 yuan. It takes years to get there, but it's just the beginning. Zheng Xiaoxian had discussed with the circle's mother, whether in the network launched fund-raising, his mother refused, said he can afford, do not want to add trouble to society.

Zheng Xiaoxian suggested that Fang Yuan should follow his former path and become a soldier. With the help of his military connections, he can help pave the way, but also can find two of his good friends, open a restaurant partner to help Fang Yuan Cram cultural classes, after entering the military admitted to military school, more than his sergeant's future.

Fang Yuan also does not like his school, including the students learning dance together, "mixed society, exports into the dirty. ". For his study of ballroom dancing professional, he also said not much interest, do not see much future, but their practice is very hard, not afraid of tired, want to continue to practice, the future into a better school, take an examination of employment when dance training teachers. It's a lot of money, but he thinks he's GonNa make it. By contrast, the long years in the barracks left him in Awe, "if you want to be a sergeant, more than 10 years down, and the outside world completely isolated. ". But he also agrees with Zheng Xiaoxian's suggestion is good, suit oneself, "it is not big to want to go right now" .

In contrast, her mother more agree with Zheng Xiaoxian idea, two people have been in the phone to discuss the planning of the military. Physical condition is good, cultural classes can be made up, join the military is the biggest one of the restrictions of political review. If grandma dies, the legal guardian of the square circle is the father who is serving a prison sentence, which obviously can not pass the political trial. Only the return of the mother is the best solution to this problem, and it is clearly in the midst of adolescence and in need of care.

Another problem is the ownership of the house, the current owner is written by the father, properly, but also need to transfer to the name of the square circle, the old history of the community, within a few years may face demolition, need to prepare early. The problem is, after this outbreak, whether grandma is alive or not, mom is willing to come back, and the neighborhood is looking forward to her coming home, but her boyfriend is the problem.

"I can accept it (mom bringing her boyfriend back) , but it's better if mom comes back alone, " Fang said. This becomes the reason that Zheng Xiaoxian hesitates at the beginning of this article. He planned to allow time to digest some of the things in the center of the circle.

After her mother returned to Wuhan, Zheng plans to help her and her barbecue boyfriend find work, set up a barbecue bar in his restaurant, let two people settle down, can also take advantage of the weekend restaurant tutorial. He also considered letting Qing quit her current precarious insurance sales job to work as an assistant in his own restaurant and run the shop while he traveled with the train. In addition to cleaning, killing, and carrying materials in the quarantines and nursing homes, he took the time to collate the data of Fang Yuan and Qing Qing, and submitted it to the foundations introduced by the volunteers in each group in an attempt to obtain funding from the fund, to support them in their studies and in their lives.

Qing Qing into the shelter, still often contact with Zheng Xiaoxian, she is in Caidian shelter in a good situation, physical symptoms, also know that Dad's condition is improving. In the shelter, she also began volunteering to help nurses pass out Three Meals a Day and Chinese medicine packets for fellow patients. When it comes to life after the epidemic, she wants to work hard to make money, picking up the pieces of her life that had been put off by her family and caring for her loved ones. After the outbreak, she also felt her body lack of exercise, physical deficiency, intends to good exercise later. She also wants to get her driver's license because she feels the importance of being able to drive, given the scale of the epidemic.

On February 29, Qing Qing, who had twice tested negative for nucleic acid, stepped out of CAIDIAN's shelter according to regulations and went to Hubei University for isolation. At the end of the 14-day quarantine period, she plans to join Zheng and other volunteers, wearing isolation suits to stop the new coronavirus, in order to contribute to the early end of the epidemic.

Zheng Xiaoxian, Fang Yuan and Qing Qing are pseudonyms

For more outbreak stories, click "read the original Article" in the lower left corner.

The new type of pneumonia is affecting people's hearts,

"In the world" is now available to National Netizens:

(1) video diary of the epidemic area
If you're in an infected area,
Please use photos (video) and written records
Everything you hear and see
No less than 3 photos
Text not less than 300 words
How to contribute: Zairenjianliving

(2) true story of the fight against the epidemic
Whether you're a first-line paramedic, a volunteer,
Confirmed or suspected patients and their family members, discharged patients, etc. ,
If you want to tell the story of the outbreak,
Please contact Zairenjian living on Wechat

For more stories, click "read the original" 

The new type of pneumonia is affecting people's hearts,

"In the world" is now available to National Netizens:

(1) video diary of the epidemic area

If you're in an infected area,

Please use photos (video) and written records

Everything you hear and see

No less than 3 photos

Text not less than 300 words

How to contribute: Zairenjianliving

(2) true story of the fight against the epidemic

Whether you're a first-line paramedic, a volunteer,

Confirmed or suspected patients and their family members, discharged patients, etc. ,

If you want to tell the story of the outbreak,

Please contact Zairenjian living on Wechat

For more stories, click "read the original" 

Go to "discover"-"take a look" browse "friends watching"

Sent

####Send it to take a look

Sending

A scan of wechat
Pay attention to the account


-------------
title: On Earth you are a retrograde person and a single parent
source: zai-ren-jian-living
authors: _
editors: _
proofreader: _
photographer: _
translator: _
via: https://github.com/2019ncovmemory/nCovMemory
link: https://mp.weixin.qq.com/s/LVhf27dS3jSYcHHAQh66SQ
archive: http://archive.is/199kj
snapshot: https://github.com/2019ncovmemory/nCovMemory/blob/master/archive/jpg/2616.jpg
lead: "Don't want grandma to leave me, don't want to be an orphan. "
cover: data:image/jpeg;base64,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
