##Children with cancer in Wuhan

Wechat, renwumag1980

Feature Introduction, the best Chinese character report

January 23,2020, the city of Wuhan is sealed. The epidemic affects everyone. Some injuries are glaring, significant, critical and hard to ignore, while others are hidden in the corners of the public eye and easy to ignore, but permeate every detail of the lives of the injured, the silence was as intense as it was -- for cancer stricken children and their families in Wuhan, suffering from it.

By Luo Qian

Editor | Goldstone

In our country, more than 40,000 children get cancer every year. When a child is diagnosed with cancer, his or her life begins to crash into a pattern of how many rounds of chemotherapy are needed, when the surgery will take place, and what treatment will be needed afterwards, the doctor will give a clear time line, if there is a delay, the tumor is at risk of recurrence.

January 23,2020, the city of Wuhan is sealed. Almost every child cancer family in the city has been hit.

As a result of the epidemic, the paediatric clinics of several top-three hospitals in Wuhan were closed. The Wuhan Children's Hospital was also designated as the new crown pneumonia designated hospital. Doctors from almost every department were called in to support the fight against the epidemic, blood, oncology, two floors. Nothing. Li Jianxin, director of the Department of Hematology and Oncology at Wuhan Children's Hospital, described the impact of the epidemic on children with cancer this way: "It's like fighting a war. It must be the most important thing to fight. Everyone is paying attention to the newly crowned group, other groups get less attention.".

The Blood Oncology Department of Wuhan Children's Hospital has more than 80 beds, almost full of children with cancer, most of whom are not native to Wuhan, but were trapped in the city because of the blockade. Some of the children who needed to go to the warehouse for transplantation could not go to the warehouse on time because of problems such as lack of plasma and medicine after the closure of the city, but they could not leave Wuhan to go to other cities for treatment, while some of the children whose transplantation had ended had their parents delayed taking them out of the warehouse, there's a 24-hour air purifier in the barn, which parents will think is a relatively safe place.

The newly diagnosed children are in a much more difficult position than those who have already been treated -- as if they had just been diagnosed, were in a painful state of attack, and had not received any treatment for their condition, parents are eager for their children to receive treatment as soon as possible, but now all the hospitals in Wuhan that can treat children's tumors have become designated hospitals for new pneumonia. Take the children to the hospital for chemotherapy, for fear of being infected, and do not take the children to the hospital, some high-risk children with cancer simply can't afford to delay, or, as their families say, "go or die. ".

There is no telling how specific the effects of delayed treatment will be for children with cancer. Cancer is a complex disease, and treatment can be long and sequential, and sometimes a child's life can be lost even if every treatment is ordered and done on time. What if the treatment schedule is disrupted? "looking at individual differences, some people stop for six months and don't relapse, while others stop for a month or two and relapse, " Li said.

In the Pediatric Oncology Ward, many of the children were too young. They were lying in their beds. Their mother put on a mask. Soon they began to cry and tear it off. These children don't look too different from other children. Because they don't go out much, their skin will be whiter and they are usually bald. They are still very lively, like to laugh, and they will clamor to eat CIBA, to eat chocolate -- they didn't know how dangerous the epidemic was or what cancer meant.

The following are the stories of three families of children with cancer who were trapped in Wuhan. The parents who told these stories all mentioned the word "difficult" . They had children, old and young, and their children were suffering from cancer. They were stranded in Wuhan during the epidemic, "every step is really hard. ".

1

Fu Xiaoping, a native of Jingzhou, has an air of optimism about him. Two years ago, her daughter, little orange, was just 1 year and 7 months old when she was diagnosed with Neuroblastoma. Fortunately, it was low risk. Doctors say the disease has a high clinical cure rate and few deaths, compared with many of her patients, she even thought she was lucky.

She had eight rounds of chemotherapy with orange and came to Wuhan every three months for a follow-up check. She remembered the first time she came to Wuhan for a follow-up check. She heard from a patient that some children needed a bone marrow puncture. She asked the doctor, "shall we do a bone puncture? " The doctor had a "funny" look on his face and said, "what are you doing? ". "

What happened next exceeded Otaira's expectations. On August 6,2019, at her third checkup, little orange's blood wasn't right. The doctor made a bone puncture, and she thought, even if the cancer has metastasized to the bone marrow, don't be afraid. It's not high risk. The result came out, small orange did not relapse, but also suffered from acute myeloid leukemia, this let Fu Xiaoping difficult to accept, "we low-risk, how can the transformation of leukemia it" , she did not understand.

Li Jianxin said, low-risk neuroblastoma secondary to acute myeloid leukemia, this condition is very rare, Wuhan Children's Hospital is the first case. At that time, a doctor told Fu Xiaoping that the child was still alive and well and could not be held back without being cured. As long as he was willing to be treated, the hospital would look for a solution.

Little Orange has started a new round of anti-cancer treatment. After three rounds of chemotherapy, on December 19,2019, the little orange went into the transplant chamber. Normally, the little orange could leave the chamber at the end of January, but it was delayed for a few days because of cystitis. These days, the outbreak outside became more and more serious, and Otaira was worried that his daughter might be infected, took her for three more weeks in the transplant bay, didn't use much medication, and it cost over a thousand dollars a day.

Photo of orange in the transplant chamber

As a doctor, Li Jianxin discourages this practice, as the transplant chamber also requires a normal disinfection cycle, but she also understands that it is relatively safe -- it is enclosed and has a 24 hour air purification system, fu Thought, "after spending one hundred thousand transplant, I'll bite the bullet and stay for a few more days. If I get an infection after I leave the warehouse, I really can't accept it. ".

Many families of children with cancer have a small room for rent near Wuhan Children's Hospital, the Otaira's house, where Orange's grandfather, grandmother, sister and father are still trapped. GRANDPA, grandma and elder sister are special come to Wuhan and so on Small Orange out of warehouse, want to see her, then go home, the result did not expect to meet the city, a trap is more than a month.

After the blockade, everything was difficult in Wuhan. They also want to do protection, in the online purchase of protective clothing, more than 10 days do not ship, the last merchant took the initiative to refund, to the children to buy disinfection cabinet, also do not ship, no goggles, not to mention masks. Fu Xiaoping worried about the old man and his eldest daughter, worried that little orange's father went to the hospital every day to deliver rice, "if you bring back any virus, the whole family will be finished. ".

The supermarket opened at 10:00, when the crowd, small orange's father did not dare to go to the line, for fear of infection, but to wait until a small time to go, and grab cheap food. Their family policy is to eat more vegetables and make meatball soup for the little oranges.

More to Fu Xiaoping's annoyance, the doctor said that the little orange transplant effect is not ideal, there is a saying in the circle of patients, "transplant is valuable, rejection is priceless. ". But she rarely complained, and when she spoke to people, she did not stress how difficult she was financially, saying, "This family, the cost of living, it is really difficult to deal with. "A fund-raising message showed that she was from the countryside and that her husband was jailed and sentenced to eight years in prison when she gave birth to her eldest daughter, who was eight months pregnant. She did a stem cell transplant on orange, and two days later she was in the barn with the baby.

She did not Groan or cry when it came to the child, and there was even a note of relief in her voice. Small Orange has always been very strong, optimistic, lively, unless it is extremely uncomfortable, will lie in bed, as long as a little spirit, "feel like a normal child. ". Because from an early age, she was even stronger than adults, pain will cry, but pain, it was forgotten. When she was over a year old, she would put on a mask every time she went to the hospital after chemotherapy to check the blood on her finger. If Fu Xiaoping forgot, she would tell her mother, "mom, I forgot my mask. ".

In the late stages of the transplant, little orange had a bladder infection and was constantly peeing in her pants. One day, she wet four pairs of pants. When Otaira changed her pants, she said, "I'm almost out of pants. " Little orange nodded and said, "mom, I'm really sorry. "

Three-and-a-half-year-old orange is very good at expressing love. When her mother buys her something, she will think, "I will buy it for my mother in the future. ". Small Orange has a lot of shopping plans, such as, grow up to buy her mother a cart, his cart is black, and so old mother, buy her pink, push her out in the sun. She also told her mother to help her make milk, wash her hands and feet. Sometimes Otaira would look at his phone and say, "Mommy, I love you so much. " after a while, he would say, "mom, I love you so much. " Fu Xiaoping said he listened to the "heart melt.

At the beginning of treatment, Fu Xiaoping also had the idea to give up, and close friends said, "if one day I give up the child, you don't scold me Ah, don't scold me hard-hearted. ". If you ask her, "Do you love daddy or Mommy? " She'll hold up two fingers and say, "I love Mommy and Daddy. Love them both. ".

Under Fu's plan, Xiao Orange would stay in the transplant chamber until the end of March, and if the outbreak is not over, she does not know what to do. She hung up hastily, as orange drank milk and took a nap -- the most important thing for Fu to do right now.

Photo courtesy of little orange

2

Zhao Mengyuan has a baby face, she married early, was born in 1995, the child has been 1 year and 9 months. The new mother was born in a village in Daye, Hubei Province, to a man introduced by her family. Neither of them had been out much. "She was one of those people who were used to living at home. ".

Her Child, named Chen Shuai, is the eldest grandson of a large family and has been doted on since birth. Shuai Shuai is 1 year and 9 months old. He's not very articulate. He just calls out, "Mommy. ".

On January 18 this year, Shuai Shuai was always crying. His family took him to the Daye People's Hospital in Hubei Province. He was hospitalized for three days. An old doctor suspected that Shuai had a tumor in his stomach and suggested that he be transferred to Wuhan, by then, the Wuhan outbreak had begun to be reported on the news. Zhao was worried, but the doctor said, "If you want to save the child's life, don't think about it. Just go. ".

At the time, Zhao was also worried about the Wuhan outbreak. She asked the doctor in Daye, "can I only transfer to Wuhan? Can't we go somewhere else? " The doctor replied, "yes, you can go to Shanghai, Beijing, Guangzhou. Shuai Shuai Carsick, Wuhan is Zhao Menghydrocarbon recent choice.

On January 21, before buying a mask, Zhao took a few clothes, a bucket of milk powder, and a washbasin with him.

Daye all the way to Wuhan, Shuai Shuai some dehydration, to Wuhan Children's Hospital is already 5 pm, afraid of the doctor to go home from work, they begged the doctor, must help save the Child. On the same day, Shuaishuai was diagnosed as Hepatoblastoma by abdominal color doppler ultrasound and enhanced CT scan.

"parents of newly diagnosed children are the most fearful and conflicted. "They think it's a big, big disease, " Li said. The 25-year-old said the moment she knew the result, she felt "The sky was falling. " In her mind, her child was "very lively. Who would have thought he had a tumor in his stomach? "

Cancer treatment is painful, because every day injection, draw blood, Shuai saw people wearing white clothes on the fear, he began to fear someone touch him, sleep at night, his mother wanted to pat his back to sleep, will cry him. Seeing Shuaishuai like this, Zhao Mengyi couldn't help crying, the doctor comforted her, "you have to take care of yourself, in order to better take care of children, treatment is a long-term process. ".

After starting chemotherapy, Shuai's resistance became very poor. Zhao Mengyi heard from a doctor that while chemotherapy kills cancer cells, it will also kill some normal cells. Shuai is now "like an ant, even a little bit of bacterial virus will not be able to withstand it, it's like a piece of paper, you can't stab it.". She is very careful, the night again cold, she also dare not wear out of the coat covered in bed, for fear of handsome was outside the bacteria infection.

The whole family was very thrifty. They ate one meal in the hospital. The family had hardly eaten meat, and they ate instant noodles and steamed buns in turn. Only Rawson sold the buns downstairs. But she's not GonNa save on the mask. Less than a month, she spent more than 1000 yuan to buy a mask, handsome grandmother thrifty, a mask to wear two days two nights are reluctant to throw away, washed after drying to continue to wear. "If you don't change the mask, Shuai will suck the virus and bacteria into her mouth, " Zhao said solemnly, before grandma obediently changed the mask.

Without the closure, Shuai would have returned to his hometown in Daye, Hubei Province, after his first chemotherapy treatment on Feb. 1, and would have waited until the end of February. On the day of her discharge from the hospital, Zhao Mengyuan had tried to find a taxi to take her out of the city. As a result, the taxi drove to a suburban intersection and let them get off. She refused to let the other party take her back to Wuhan Children's Hospital. In this way, the other party charged her more than 500 yuan each time, she's devastated. "I feel like I'm being ripped off all over the place. ".

Unable to find a place to live, Zhao asked the doctor if he could leave the hospital a little later. The doctor helped to postpone the visit for two days. Using these two days, she found various friends to help her, and finally rented a 30-square-meter room, which cost 2,300 yuan a month. There was no decent furniture, a bed, a sofa, the air conditioner and the refrigerator were all broken, and the children were freezing in the house, the landlord said, tell her to get someone to fix it, and if she doesn't want it, she can give it back.

"every step is really hard, " she cried over the phone.

Shuai Shuai's grandfather was a migrant worker who didn't come back for the New Year for two years. This year he specially came back to see his grandson. Now he is alone in his hometown, his eyes are red every day, and he drinks wine at home and cries. Zhao Menghydrocarbon doesn't dare to call Shuai Shuai's grandfather and tell him that he cries once, her heart aches, too.

After leaving the hospital, handsome father is in charge of buying food. Every time he comes back, Zhao Mengyuan says he is "just like a crazy person. " He sprays his husband with disinfectant water, wipes him with a wet paper towel, and puts his clothes and shoes outside to dry. She was even afraid that her family of four would not be able to return here, "feeling this virus is worse than my child's illness. ".

One day, handsome father suddenly said abdominal pain, she thought that a new coronary pneumonia, if that is true, she even thought, "just hold the baby jumped off the hospital roof. ". At one point, she even felt as if she had a new case of coronary pneumonia, a headache, sore throat and general weakness. She said she had been "devastated" since coming to Wuhan.

A few days ago, Shuai Shuai Dad finally bought ribs, she boiled good water, divided into several, took out a long time in the rice cooker stew, add red jujube medlar, sweet soup, Shuai like, he eat good power.

Hepatoblastoma is a common malignant liver tumor in children. The overall cure rate in China can reach 72% , but the treatment is expensive, "it may cost 600-800,000 yuan. ". "said Zhao.

A lot of people tried to talk her out of it, saying, "you're young, you can be reborn. But she never wanted to give up. Her mind was simple, like every mother's, as if she were... "he was my first child, my flesh. How could I give him up? He gave me the chance to be a mother. I gave him life. Why should I take it away? And he didn't want the tumor.".

The new mother was growing up fast. She learned to stop crying and began to tell her grandmother not to cry in front of her child. She found that children know everything. "If you cry, he will know, i don't want you to hold me anymore.".

She still has many difficulties in front of her. Soon, Shuai Shuai's second chemotherapy treatment will begin. The epidemic is still not over, Shuai's milk powder is almost at the bottom, and the mother-baby shop is not open either. The milk powder shop in her hometown says it can not send express deliveries, but she wants to, "One day at a time. I don't know what's going to happen, and I don't know what's going to happen tomorrow. We'll see. ".

Photo courtesy of Shuaishuai respondents

3

Fate played a cruel joke on Liu Junsheng. His mother had cervical cancer and his father had anorectal cancer. On September 22 last year, his only daughter, Lei Lei, was diagnosed with acute myeloid leukemia.

Childhood leukemia is divided into acute lymphocyte leukemia (AML) , which affects 75% to 80% of children, and acute myeloid leukemia (AML) , which is sensitive to chemotherapy and is far more effective than in adults, the prognosis for the latter is worse with conventional chemotherapy, which requires a Hematopoietic stem cell transplant.

For the past six months, Liu has been the main caregiver in Wuhan, and Lei Lei's mother works as a cashier in her hometown, only occasionally coming to help Florida, the family's sole source of income. On January 29,2020, is the day Lei Lei's mother plans to come to Wuhan, they want to prepare for Lei Lei to enter the warehouse for transplantation.

Fengcheng suddenly, his wife too late to come, Liu Junsheng can only one person with bud bud ready for transplantation. The worse news is that due to the traffic jam caused by the closure of the city, the hospital could not guarantee the drugs, plasma and platelets needed for the transplant, and Lei Lei could not get into the warehouse for the transplant, after the closure of Wuhan Children's Hospital, almost all the children who needed to go into the warehouse for transplantation were delayed because they could not guarantee the normal condition of transplantation.

While waiting for the transplant, she was unable to receive a normal dose of chemotherapy -- a high dose of chemotherapy for acute myeloid leukemia (AML) . After treatment, the children's immunity became very low and they were very susceptible to infection because of the epidemic, "during the epidemic, doctors will weigh up, " Li said. "They will definitely not do very aggressive chemotherapy. They will compromise a little if it is safe. ".

In this way, Lei Lei can only live in the hospital, while receiving maintenance chemotherapy, while waiting for a transplant. As Wuhan Children's Hospital has become a designated hospital for new pneumonia, in order to protect children from infection, the hospital stipulates that only one adult can stay with a child, and all other family members can go home, and food can only be sent to a fixed location. Most of the other children have two family members in Wuhan, a Chaperone, a person to cook and send food, but Liu Junsheng only one person, he had no choice, can only give Lei Lei eat the hospital's box lunch every day.

After chemotherapy, Liu would carefully record Lei Lei Lei Lei Lei's body temperature

In the past, although he also often a person to take care of Lei Lei Lei, but the hospital rental house can run both ways. He takes care of his children very carefully, children with cancer to eat fresh and healthy, milk to drink low-fat milk, meat is the market to buy fresh meat, he went to the market two or three days a time, eat when Lei Lei eat, he left over.

He spends all his time with her in the hospital as if at night, gets up at 6 am, walks back to the rental house, stews her porridge, steams her brown sugar buns, pokes her eggs, arrives at 8 am, calls her to wake up, wipes her face, feeds her breakfast, lei Lei after eating, he will be with the doctor to determine the day need to lose medicine, and then back to the rental house, began to wash vegetables, vegetables washed, he will use a clean towel wipe again, and then select a good cut, soaked with warm water, and then go back to the hospital with her daughter. After 11:00 noon, he went back to stir-fry, and the evening dishes ready, also soaked with warm water, waiting for the evening back stir-fry, "repeat this process every day. ".

Each meal, Liu Junsheng will fry 2 dishes, because Lei Lei Lei can not eat leftovers, each of his dishes are very small, also do not put what condiments, add some salt. Sometimes he feels it's hard, constantly commuting between the hospital and the Tenement, but he feels it's worth it to keep the weight off.

The boxed meals in the hospital were apparently not worth as much as $25 a plate, Liu said. The vegetables were mostly potatoes, cabbage, turnips and beans, and there were occasional pieces of finely chopped meat. Liu did not complain about the hospital, he said, maybe it's the virus. I understand why the hospital is tense. What made him sick was Lei Lei's body. In the past, every two or three days, he would make Lei Lei a stew of spareribs. Now Lei Lei could not eat meat, could not keep up with nutrition, and had a very low immune system. He went to the doctor for help. Could he ask the canteen to make some spareribs for the children alone, he was willing to pay, and the hospital said it would be difficult to set a precedent for a child.

He wanted to help a patient, can give the child some ribs soup, found that the patient's own children can not eat ribs several times, as if it is difficult to buy ribs. Sometimes Liu Junsheng also wants to, or rushed out to buy food to do to send, but his conscience and pass, in case go out to buy food body with the virus, infected everyone, is also too selfish, "can't because of your children, regardless of others. ".

A month in the hospital, the only time she had a rib soup was because of takeout. Those days, Liu Junsheng always open take-out APP with hope, see always barbecue, he does not need barbecue, he only wants spareribs soup, finally one day, he turned his mobile phone, saw a spareribs braised Kelp, only one, the price tag is 48 yuan, he immediately placed an order, to the store to call the exhortation, "my child is leukemia, I do not want you to give me how good, as long as the clean line, put some salt on it. ".

When the food arrived at the hospital and couldn't be brought up, he begged the delivery man to give him the phone. He explained the situation to the security guard, who made an exception and helped him get to the elevator. The elevator door is locked, only a 30 cm gap left for the patient to send rice, security holding the rib soup, over the gap, handed him, that day, Lei Lei eat all kelp, ribs, soup, she has not eaten meat for too long.

A few days ago, Lei Lei's physical indicators finally reached the standard, can be temporarily discharged from the hospital, Liu Junsheng thought, "finally the end, " but new problems came, he did not dare to go out to buy vegetables, he was afraid to go out infected with the virus, more do not trust Lei Lei at home alone.

"The baby has just been released from the hospital. She can hardly walk now. She is very weak. She is six years old and weighs less than 30 pounds. She is almost as thin as noodles. You imagine a girl, approximately six-foot-one, weighing under 30 pounds, six years old this year. "He described the child's condition.

Just discharged that two days, there is no fresh vegetables at home, Liu Junsheng can only change to do eggs for Lei Lei Lei, boiled eggs in the morning, eggs at noon, fried eggs the next morning, eggs spread at noon. Later, he joined the community to buy food group, and we buy vegetables, he explained his situation, please help the procurement of food to the door.

"I made some ribs stewed with Yam at home and sent it to you, " said a woman from Wuhan, a residential community, on his wechat account. He received a large box of stewed yams filled with more than a dozen ribs. Liu Junsheng was very moved. He knew how difficult it was to buy ribs now. He had thought that this big sister was just making soup at home, giving Lei Lei a bowl of soup, but she had cooked a pot of soup specially for Lei Lei Lei until two o'clock in the morning, except for the rib soup, she also brought her favorite raisins, cookies, and snacks.

Liu Junsheng said that he was a very sensitive person, and it was easy to cry at the movies. When Lei Lei Lei was first diagnosed, her hair was shaved and she was as thin as a matchstick in the shower. He saw pictures of Lei Lei before chemotherapy, i cry in secret almost every day. Now he doesn't. "My tears are running dry, " he says. He can't cry. He has to laugh in front of her. He has to make her happy. "maybe the way you listen to me, it's easy, but when it comes down to it, you just have to deal with it. ".

"I have to take care of her, " he told people. "She's my only child. I can't lose her. ".

He thinks his kids are strong enough. In the hospital, doctors all boast that Lei Lei Lei is in good health. Chemotherapy drugs for myeloid leukemia are used heavily. The side effects are large. If the body can not bear it, it needs a lot of follow-up support treatment. Some patients spend 150,000 to 60,000 yuan a treatment course, but neither of Lei Lei Lei's first two sessions cost more than 100,000 yuan. When she ate delicious food, she was very lively. The doctor said, "she doesn't look like a child with leukemia. " Liu Junsheng laughed at this remark. He wished it was true, he would jokingly ask the doctor, "Do you think the hospital made a mistake? "? "

On the day of the interview, Liu Junsheng finally received the group purchase vegetable package, which included red sweet potatoes and peas that Lei Lei loved to eat. He prepared vegetable stir-fried peas and gave Lei Lei steamed sweet potatoes. He hoped that next time he could buy Lei Lei's favorite mushrooms, when the groupons arrive, make her a mushroom stir-fry.

But at the moment, Liu Junsheng most anxious or Lei Lei Lei when can enter the warehouse transplant, every day, he is more worried. He said a lot of "no way, " as if that would give him some comfort. "This disease has really messed up a lot of people, but there's nothing we can do about it now that it's happened. We have to get over it together. ".

On February 24, Wuhan issued a notice that it would open the Han passage to certain groups, including those who were sick and needed treatment outside the city. Liu did not see the news. That afternoon, the new Wuhan Pneumonia Epidemic Prevention and Control Headquarters announced that the announcement to let go of the Han Channel is invalid.

Liu said that if he could leave Wuhan, he would take Lei Lei to other cities for medical treatment, "can not drag on like this. ".

Lei Lei interviewees

Special thanks to the Sunflower Children's cancer project for their support of this interview

Haven't you seen enough?

LONG-PRESS QR code to follow "people" on Wechat

There's more where that came from

WECHAT SWEEPS UP Praise for author

####Send it to the author

People Admire

Long-press the QR code to transfer the funds to me

WECHAT's iOS version of the APP has been turned off to support public accounts through Qr code transfers due to apple's new rules.

Go to "discover"-"take a look" browse "friends watching"

Sent

####Send it to take a look

Sending

A scan of wechat
Pay attention to the account


-------------
title: Children with cancer in Wuhan
source: ren-wu-/-mei-ri-ren-wu
authors: _
editors: _
proofreader: _
photographer: _
translator: _
via: https://github.com/2019ncovmemory/nCovMemory
link: https://mp.weixin.qq.com/s/J6EtUehOm61BauVTZoC1ZQ
archive: http://archive.is/18Jo4
snapshot: https://github.com/2019ncovmemory/nCovMemory/blob/master/archive/jpg/2609.jpg
lead: "every step is hard. "
cover: data:image/jpeg;base64,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
