##180 million primary and secondary school students, the most critical they want to live what the class?

Wechat, renwumag1980

Feature Introduction, the best Chinese character report

In the spring of 2020, a new outbreak of pneumonia spread across the country, making this period unique and home-based learning a mainstream approach. Teachers became anchors, and parents had to become inspectors.

But how exactly do you take a live online class? A lot of people are still confused. Behind the teacher's fancy "rollover" and the students' strong spirit, people are rediscovering live online classes.

In the spring of 2020, a new outbreak of pneumonia spread across the country, making this period unique and home-based learning a mainstream approach. Teachers became anchors, and parents had to become inspectors.

But how exactly do you take a live online class? A lot of people are still confused. Behind the teacher's fancy "rollover" and the students' strong spirit, people are rediscovering live online classes.

Article | Yi Fangxing

Editor | Cho Ming

We're live. Zhou Qin knew that the next day of her son's live online class, she could not relax.

Zhou Qin is from Wuhan and her family is in the heart of China's epidemic zone. With schools across the country announcing delays, other problems are easy to solve, but the children's problems make it difficult for her.

Monday through Friday is the most difficult time, every morning to listen to the province's unified live class, the son's attention is often distracted, sometimes when Zhou Qin is not paying attention, he closed the window to see other go.

In the afternoon, it's their junior high school's own ad hoc live online classes. Class in the qq group, relying on voice to class. It's hard to concentrate when you can't see the picture. Zhou Qin had to nail like a nail in his son's side, forcing him to listen to the class.

A live online lesson versus a game

The journey from insecurity to reassurance is fraught with struggle. Zhou Qin should always keep an eye on her son.

Son Sun Liangliang on the first day of this year, just entered a key boarding school in Wuhan, smart, High Iq, but easy to be careless, autonomy is not strong. The junior high school environment changes, the child must change from the child becomes the teenager, is in the parents extremely anxious period.

At Zhou's house, devices like the Ipad were initially off limits. As the school's live online classes begin, she still has to watch, or else she will sneak out to play, and she has to be constantly reminded of her posture, urging her to buck up if she sees any signs of lying down.

Whether the academic record will fall is a problem that all parents have to face. My son's offline classes have stalled. She had to take a new approach to the Internet course.

Zhou, who had worked in the education system, knew that forcing children to study passively would not have much effect. On the first day of the New Year, she saw someone in the friend circle sent homework to help broadcast a free class, even cajoled to let his son listen to one or two, did not expect to be fascinated.

After the free course, she applied for the new semester pay class decisively. "given the severity of the Wuhan outbreak, we are prepared to study at home this semester. "The son could not sit still. She had to choose a subject that the child liked and that he could learn on his own initiative.

After listening to live online classes with her son, Zhou learned that online education is much more than just a screen. It has become a highly specialized system.

When a student comes to an online class, the first step is to choose the class. Sun's math teacher, Hao Tian Bai, takes four classes at the same time, including an advanced class and three advanced classes. The advanced class is designed for students with weak foundation who are struggling in class. The advanced class is designed for students who are already proficient in class content and need to expand further. Each class will be targeted to prepare lessons, each class preparation time is more than 10 hours.

When teachers prepare lessons with handouts, the difficulty is not in the listing of knowledge points, but how lively and interesting, seize the students. Unlike offline classes, where thousands of students sit behind a screen, it's hard not to play games and watch videos when the content is boring. In essence, this is a live classroom and online game PK.

It takes up to four months for a handout to be issued, iterating over and over again, collecting the work of multiple teachers. The ability to hold a student to the screen, and the ability to make the most students understand, are two standards that must be met. Each lesson, all must experience the entire teaching group's collective run-in. If a teacher thinks that a student might not understand, even if the class starts the next day, the teachers will overturn the teaching design and discuss it late into the night until they come up with a story that everyone is satisfied with.

How to seize the child's attention, but also to test the personal charm of teachers. On the Internet, teachers form their own style according to their character characteristics, such as joke hand type, authority type, meticulous and patient type, etc. . In general, teachers who are humorous and interesting are most popular. Some students choose teachers based on another factor, "good-looking" .

The atmosphere was relaxed and the teachers tried everything to attract the students'attention. Hao-tian Bai's teaching style is very humorous, and from time to time, he will self-destruct. His colleague Chang Ming-che, also a junior high school math teacher, sometimes holds "Karaoke contests" during recess to encourage more student interaction.

Several Times, at lunch, Zhou Qin found her son was telling her how funny the teacher was in class today. Sun was especially fond of Baymax, who she and her son thought sounded like the debater, Blackie. "when Baymax talked about parallel lines and the equal inner stagger angles, he summed up a class of figures into a model of a pig's hoof. I laughed for a long time. "Suen said.

Professor ho-tin is explaining the model of pig's hoof

Online classes are even more sticky for kids than offline ones. Sometimes, after class, Chang Ming-che would stay in front of the cameras for another 15 minutes to talk about extensions. Most of the kids would like to stay and listen. The average class of 1,200 people, more than 900 of them choose to stay on after class. "

Tutoring is another big mountain to climb as a parent. In order to compete with the line off-duty students, but also to address the pain of the parents, the online live broadcast course has developed a teacher and tutor combination of the dual system.

A tutor is a "head teacher" who answers questions one-on-one in addition to the instructor. This is a new group created by online education and directly determines the quality of education a child receives after class.

Tutor Le Jun is still working on the first day of the Lunar New Year. She gets up in the morning and changes her homework, which has been changed to 10 p.m. for 300 students and calls her parents. Some parents are busy and uncooperative, thinking, "it doesn't matter if your child does or doesn't do homework. ". Three times in a row, she managed to impress even the most stubborn of parents.

There are more than 5,000 full-time tutors like Le Jun in the homework group. Each person receives two or three hundred students, changes the work for the student every day, answers questions, supervises the study. When a student is absent from class, or "absent-minded" or "absent-minded, " it is shown in the back of the system that the tutor may make a home visit or call to urge him or her. Students Learn Online, do problems, big data issued a personal study report, but also to help parents to interpret.

"What I didn't expect, " Zhou said, "was that even after class, I would be contacted every day by a special tutor. "

What she didn't know was that in order for such classes to appear on more children's screens, there were countless teachers traveling around the country doing research.

Over the mountains

In August 2019, Chang Ming-che, a junior high school math teacher, used her one week vacation during the summer to conduct a five day, five city home visit. He arrived at Yuan Long Village, Xishui County, Huanggang City, Hubei Province, where a student was waiting for him.

For Chang Ming-che, who has been teaching live streaming classes for more than a year, many times the students are represented by user names and numbers on live streaming software. The number of students in a class is usually in the thousands, so it doesn't make much difference if there is one more person in the class and one less. Still, "I wanted to see my students for myself. "

The student, Zhou Tian, had just finished a 50 yuan summer program. Zhou Tian was a professional questioner who would ask questions after class when he caught Chang Ming-che. It made him wonder what kind of little girl she was.

At midday, in front of one of the village's low, crumbling brick houses, Chang Ming-che's family greeted him warmly. Zhou Tian is 1.6 m tall, extremely thin and shy. Meeting the "Big City Teacher" , Zhou Tian's mother is very happy. Chang Ming-che was the only teacher to visit the poor girls, who had to sign up for special offers from every online education provider on the market.

Zhou Tian's father was sick at home, the family of three children all count on a fish pond, but recently raised fish by a neighbor's chicken manure poisoning. Economic poverty becomes unbearable. Homework to help long-term class fees has been the industry at a lower level, Zhou Tian still can not afford. Before she left, Chang Ming-che slipped Zhou Tian 1,000 yuan into her gift. "She can use it to enroll in classes or improve her life. "But they still refused.

This is another aspect of China's educational reality. China has 180 million primary and secondary school students, 73 percent of whom are in the third to sixth tier areas, which closely matches the proportion of users of homework streaming classes. Now that live online courses have spread across the country, can we offer them to children in first-and second-tier cities without leaving children behind in third-and sixth-tier cities and rural areas?

In Front of Zhou Tian's house

Back in Beijing, Chang Ming-che had momentum. The thin figure often appeared in his mind. He hopes to pass on good education to more children in less developed areas.

Chang Ming-che described Pratt & Whitney's education as a mountain. Until 2018, he used textbooks produced by the most advanced places in the country, Beijing and Haidian District. But the first-tier city children sound easy to understand the problem, many children in low-tier cities simply do not understand. At that time, he always received frustrated feedback, "teacher, your class is too difficult" ; "teacher Zhang, you speak really well, but my children can't keep up... "

Take Middle School geometry, for example. In Haidian District, the question is a geometric graph with 10 straight lines intersecting each other. Students are expected to work out the number of opposite corners and adjacent corners. Only the concept is written in the textbook, and there is no reference to the related formulas and solutions. It is difficult for the students to understand the problem without the basis.

The main difficulty is the uneven quality of the student base. Behind this is the uneven distribution of educational resources.

It's not just Chang Ming-che, but teachers in all disciplines are aware of similar problems. Sun Ying, the head of primary school Chinese, has spent five years in education and has run half of China's educational institutions and schools.

In 2017, the country began to promote the language teaching materials compiled by the Ministry of Education, setting higher requirements for reading and writing. However, Sun Ying found that many teachers in prefectural-level cities still teach students in the same way as before. "When I talk to these teachers, they only know that they have changed the textbooks, but they have little understanding of what it means to change the textbooks and what changes are needed in teaching. "

She once gave a lecture in a city and asked hundreds of students if they had read Cao Wenxuan's novel grass house? Only one student raised his hand. "The novel is an edited recommended reading list, and most of the pupils in the first-tier cities have read it. "This makes sun ying feel that the situation is already quite urgent.

In order to promote educational resources to the whole country, it is necessary to build the online live-broadcast course for the whole country's students. Homework to help the exploration of live lessons from the primary school mathematics began.

Primary School math teacher Dong Wei has 10 years of teaching experience, joined the homework to help broadcast class, the first thing is to create a team for all the mathematics synchronization class. Until now, major educational institutions have been geared toward first-and second-tier cities, focusing on the special training needs of children in these areas, and children in third-and sixth-tier cities across the country have been surprisingly neglected. The job helps to plan to fill this blank, Dong Wei feels very excited, but did not expect to experience a twists and turns.

At first, I thought it was easier to lower the difficulty of the course, but I found that the students still didn't understand it, so I kept tuning it. Six months later, I still felt it was difficult, so I decided to change the course system into synchronous optimization, and then I found that I chose the right direction.

According to the syllabus of people's education edition, North Normal Edition and Jiangsu Education Edition, the new synchronous excellent-training course in mathematics follows the rhythm of the school, helping students to lay a solid foundation, expand and improve, and at the same time, increasing the interest of the course. It turned out to be a blockbuster, with one hundred thousand students per semester.

Now, elementary school mathematics synchronism develops the excellent lesson already to have the mature curriculum system, from the teaching research to the technology has a complete chain.

The breakthrough in mathematics in primary schools has inspired teachers in all disciplines, including Chang Ming-che: the most basic needs to be met in China at this stage remain the most basic needs.

Taking this as a Fulcrum, taking synchronous courses as the main task and cultivating excellent courses as an extension, the teachers have found a new orientation to push good courses to the whole country, and have formed a curriculum system for all disciplines, for example, the "fast math" system in senior secondary, the "all-round excellence" system in junior secondary Chinese, and the "Super e" curriculum system in primary English.

The infiltration of educational resources, not only for students, but also for parents. The tutor, Le Jun, often tries to teach parents the right idea of education, and many of the parents she works with think that education is something to be thrown at the school.

Some parents also need to reinvent their parenting style. On one occasion, a tutor reminded the parents that the students had not come to class. An hour later, the parents beat the hell out of the child and sent a photo of the beating. The tutor could not laugh or cry, so he hurried to persuade him.

In the years when online education was booming, homework helped reach more students nationwide, with 800 million users and 170 million monthly active users of its APP. This year's Spring Festival, more than 30 million students were served by free live-streaming classes for primary and secondary school students nationwide.

Being able to teach children all over the country, especially in remote towns, made Chang Ming-che feel even more responsible. "In difficult circumstances that ordinary people can not imagine, there is a need for a more appropriate live online course. "

Tutor Lok Kwan

Make a big move

We have to figure this out.

He has been a teacher for eight years. At one point, he felt he had a career bottleneck, and although he loved his job, he couldn't solve many of his problems as a teacher. After entering the homework help, he began to take over the physics teaching research project, suddenly found himself doing a new thing in the desert river. "Why can't we build our own system when there is no national online education in physics? "

Since 2018, assignments have helped teachers of various subjects to explore online live lessons that students across the country can understand. This has led to the creation of a high school curriculum for easy physics, one of the core of which is the "big admissions system" . The teaching and Research Section (Trg) has recruited a group of quality teachers who are dedicated to developing "big ideas" for problem solving in senior secondary physics. One of the teachers was a former colleague of he Lianwei's. "He was a serious lecturer, not suitable for online lectures, but he was good at teaching and research. One person came up with 60 percent of the big ideas. "

The big move is a good one. Whether it is the first-tier cities, or the fifth-tier city students, as long as they have learned the style, encountered problems can be quickly decomposed. He Lianwei's goal is to summarize a set of high school physics cover all the big entrance exam system. The amount of work is distributed to each teacher, and each person is expected to produce output each week. For a while, the physics teachers were walking around wondering.

After a year and a half, the high school physics recruitment system was finally completed. There were 112 of them. They all evolved from the most basic principles. Well-grounded or poorly grounded students can figure it out.

The students' problem-solving efficiency has changed. It's like playing the game "on and off. ". Some students are hungry for big ideas. "When I was in class, they were waiting for me to tell them the big story. "I will tell them that the premise of using big moves flexibly is to understand the basic knowledge. "

Big Recruit system not only let more people listen to understand, still break through the ceiling of online live course. He Lianwei launched the "100-person perfect score scheme" , which aims to lead 100 students to achieve a perfect score in high school physics.

That sounds like a crazy plan. The difficulty of high school physics is well known, especially the electromagnetic part, many students will abandon the exam. But, he explains, "a perfect score sounds pretentious, but it's not a Scheherazade in the easy-physics system. "

He Lianwei did a lot of detailed work, preparation of each problem, each option will be considered, where students may encounter thinking obstacles, how to interpret. "I will reserve advanced level problems for students who are able to do so so that they can find more suitable solutions. "

Today, the perfect score scheme has begun to bear fruit. Six students have already broken through the "impossible" . The first one who got full marks was a girl who sent me an incredible message on Wechat: "Teacher, I actually got a hundred marks in physics! "! "

He Lianwei, a high school physics teacher

Other disciplines have also created big moves under the curriculum system, with 196 in junior high school math alone. "If you figure out all 196 of these big moves, you can get a 145 on a 150. "

In Middle School math teacher Chang Ming-che's class, students can rely on the big move system to understand what they don't understand. Take the problem of intersection of 10 straight lines. Teachers sum up a "big way of intersection" for students. They start with the intersection of two lines, and finally summarize the Law: N Two lines intersect each other, there will be n (n-1) opposite corners.

Senior High School Language Director Yang Yong in the field of education for more than ten years, a hand-built homework gang "vertical and horizontal language" system.

A knowledge of classical Chinese, if copied from textbooks, students will find it boring, teachers will go to history books to find strong stories, vivid interesting examples, to increase the interest of the classroom; at the same time, the appreciation of foreign excellent works is also the content of reading training. The Chinese team also produced a set of 12 copies of "the most beautiful words" to broaden students' knowledge and increase their reading capacity. Language needs to be accumulated, but these "student-oriented" approaches are also "big moves" .

The language section has also installed bookshelves in the office on which all kinds of books that can be bought can be consulted at any time. Other teams go out to dinner, and language groups are more likely to buy books than any other teacher.

Education is always on the way

Now, even if he is not around, the son can also concentrate on the lesson, Zhou Qin can relax.

Primary School Chinese teacher Sun Ying ran all over China in those years, has been all over the language teacher training. Some training institutions in order to make money, Hope Sun Ying in two days to train the company's financial language teacher. These experiences make her feel the urgency of the online live course going to the whole country.

Le Jun, the tutor, never caught the last train. She stares at her students every day, she doesn't drink any water, and her parents trust her.

Born in a small county town in Zhumadian, Henan Province, Le Jun has always been the best student in the county's middle schools, but is confined to the impassable ceiling.

The Year of the college entrance examination, she took the second full grade, but the score is only enough for one of the two colleges. This regret is the origin of her urging students.

Le Jun Remembers Liu Miaomiao, a student in the mountains of Zhejiang Province. She likes live classes, there is no signal in the room, it is raining in the open air so that her mother open an umbrella to listen. Poor signal in the mountains, mother and daughter went to the top of the mountain, sat watching the teacher live.

The mountain is very cold, and in winter, mother and daughter are not light cold. They glowed and stared at the screen as if it were a light.

Haven't you seen enough?

LONG-PRESS QR code to follow "people" on Wechat

There's more where that came from

WECHAT SWEEPS UP Praise for author

####Send it to the author

People Admire

Long-press the QR code to transfer the funds to me

WECHAT's iOS version of the APP has been turned off to support public accounts through Qr code transfers due to apple's new rules.

Go to "discover"-"take a look" browse "friends watching"

Sent

####Send it to take a look

Sending

A scan of wechat
Pay attention to the account


-------------
title: 180 million primary and secondary school students, the most critical they want to live what the class?
source: ren-wu-/-mei-ri-ren-wu
authors: _
editors: _
proofreader: _
photographer: _
translator: _
via: https://github.com/2019ncovmemory/nCovMemory
link: https://mp.weixin.qq.com/s/yZBwuPIdK7H7nkWUcpjqHg
archive: http://archive.is/pn0IG
snapshot: https://github.com/2019ncovmemory/nCovMemory/blob/master/archive/jpg/2610.jpg
lead: "In difficult circumstances that ordinary people can not imagine, there is a need for a more appropriate live online course. "
cover: data:image/jpeg;base64,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
