##The Cure dictated: the whole family got sick, and I fought the virus for 20 days

Micro Signal biz-leaders

Function introduction, define Chinese commercial power

By Liu Qian
Source: biz-leaders

By Liu Qian

Source: biz-leaders

Zhouning had no idea that he would get a new case of pneumonia, just as he had no idea that the south China seafood market, which he had frequented since childhood, would be the culprit. He had no history of exposure to the seafood market, but was struck by the proximity of his home and school to high-risk areas. His family, "four suspects, two confirmed. ".

He should have had a chance to prepare for the encounter with the virus, but the routine of life, the odd bit of Upbeat News, made him let his guard down until disaster struck and became everyone's business.

Fortunately for Zhouning, he chose the right primary hospital and was able to see the patient; he was assigned to a test kit, which enabled him to be diagnosed and treated; he was young, well built, and healed gradually through infusion and medication, but he was never hospitalized; he came from a medical family, the medicine my father had prepared for a rainy day became the family's lifeline.

From January 17, when he became ill, to February 7, when he was cured, Zhouning went through the worst 20 days of his life. The second test kit still showed double Yin, and he posted a long message on Weibo, detailed records of his treatment process and medication experience, "hope to help the still with the Lord of hell with the patients. ".

Zhouning says his treatment is a case study, and his experience does not guarantee effectiveness or professionalism. Always consult your doctor and take your medication as directed. "Business People" also stressed: This article is only to record Zhouning's personal experience, medical treatment, please strictly follow the doctor's advice.

Here's ZHOUNING'S DICTATION:

Come on

I am a native of Wuhan and live in a high-risk area, four kilometers away from the south China Seafood Market. On Friday, January 17, I was taking a winter break class at the language school, and I was sore, so I ate Thénoz, and a few more days later I was fine.

At the beginning of January, I heard news of pneumonia, saying it was not very serious. Others said that Wuhan had a p 4 level Biosafety Laboratory. Everyone was quite optimistic. I didn't pay much attention to it, nor did I have the awareness to stay away from the south China Seafood Market.

I grew up buying seafood from the south China Seafood Market, which is not sanitary in Taihang Mountains, but I think it is also a normal part of the seafood market. There are game sellers, like turtledove and turtle, which are common sense game, my family buys a lot, too. But I've never seen a Pangolin or a bat. Why are humans still eating that stuff? I can't imagine. It's crazy.

Before the onset, I had not been near the south China Seafood Market, but the school and my family are in high-risk areas. The South China seafood market is next door to the Hankou Railway Station, about four stops from the Hankou Railway Station to the language school, and that's probably how I got infected.

The first time I felt that the situation in Wuhan was already very serious was on January 17, that day I was sore all over. I went out for lunch and found that all the masks downstairs were sold out. I had never been in a situation like this before, and I panicked, and I realized that there was a crisis coming.

From the 17th to the 21st, I had no symptoms other than aches and pains. I may have had a fever, but I had no particular sense of temperature. Later asked the other students after work, many people also have varying degrees of fever that day, do not know who infected who, think pretty terrible. But they took an antiviral or an antibiotic, and it broke their fever, and I thought I had a common cold, so I took tylenol. Now that I think about it, I missed the best time to treat it, didn't nip it in the bud with antiviral drug, and Thénoz had a soothing effect, which is probably why I covered it up and regretted it a bit.

On the 21st, Tuesday, feeling very sore at noon, contacted my father. My father felt that something was wrong and told me to go home immediately. I took my temperature at home in the evening. It was about 37.4 °C.

My Dad was sharp. He'd been prepping since mid January, got a bunch of masks, got a bunch of antiviral drugs, and Arbidol, who'd been in the drug business for over 20 years, was certainly better informed than I was, and told me all about it, but I didn't care.

At that time, everything was normal, and no one cared until the disaster related to everyone.

Confirmed diagnosis

I went to Tongji Hospital and found that there were many, many patients in People Mountain People Sea, all wearing masks. Tongji hospital the entire medical building as a fever clinic, all the doctors are wearing isolation clothing, the first time I saw people wearing isolation clothes is also a little afraid.

We decided to go not far away to Wuhan Lung Hospital, usually tuberculosis control, that night fever clinic actually no one. She made it through the night E.R. , got a C.T. , CBC, and Liver Function. The CT results came back that night, patchy, double lower lung infection, liver function the next day showed normal, and the CBC was normal except for a slight elevation of the sensitive c-reactive protein (CPR) .

The doctor prescribed Oseltamivir, enoxacin and Trollius soft capsules and asked for a follow-up three days later. This is a relatively standard procedure, not admitted to hospital, because I was not serious.

The next two days I got sicker and began to cough, more and more serious cough, mainly dry cough, there is a little yellow sputum, deeper in the lower lung, cough out of the process is very painful, and a little chest tightness. On the 25th, the results showed that the disease was getting worse, the infection spread to the whole lung, and the high-sensitivity c-reactive protein shot up from 6.3 to 39.76, the normal value being 0-5. My mother, a graduate of Tongji Medical College, immediately explained that higher CPR meant rapid progression of acute inflammation in the body.

The doctors still took me in because the beds were obviously tight. In addition to continuing to take medicine, but also a prescription infusion, but also anti-viral drugs, continuous infusion for four or five days.

The 26th is the most difficult time for me, it is very difficult to get out of bed, feel very cold, chills, high fever, more than 39 degrees, diarrhea, vomiting, eat what vomit, really want to cry. I began to watch animation, watch "idol master Cinderella" , while watching tears, feel their calm daily far away from me. I look at this to remind myself not to forget who I like, and I choose the road of life must go on hard, I must not die, I want to live.

The mid-term progress of this disease is extremely fast, good that day I was going to the hospital infusion, infusion fever immediately back down, the condition was so rapid deterioration of a day, I died a day trip, but also escaped the ticket. At my worst, the Oxygenation is normal, and I suppress my breath, breathing as short as possible, so that the coughing will be less, and even if I let myself be short of breath, my blood oxygen will remain at 95, which is actually a little low.

I rechecked on the 28th, and after a panel consultation, I was assigned a kit. Can feel the reagent box is very scarce, the expert group consultation thinks serious patients can be opened, if the use of CT diagnosis can be faster, time is life Ah.

The kit costs $99 a pop, you pay at the cash register, you take a sample, you open the throat, you swab the throat, you put it in the Kit Culture, you send it straight to the lab. 24 hours. I was diagnosed with new pneumonia on the 29th.

On the 23rd, Wuhan was "sealed off" . Outside our window was the second ring road. I had never seen such a deserted Wuhan in my 21 years of life.

Heal

After the diagnosis, the hospital gave away free five-day Kleenex, a drug used to treat AIDS. It's the biggest single pill I've ever seen. It's a hard, wine-red capsule. It's so heavy you can feel the weight of it. When I eat it, I get porridge-like stool and bloating, which is a common side effect.

From the onset of illness to the diagnosis, I have not been hospitalized, isolation at home. I infected the whole family, except my father has no symptoms, my mother and grandmother have a fever, but no diagnosis, take their own medicine. My brother developed a fever and cough on the 29th and was diagnosed on February 2nd. He is being treated and has greatly improved.

My whole family took the pills my dad suggested, the Arbidol and the Levofloxacin, me and my brother, and the cleats. A change of medicine, I do not diarrhea also do not vomit, eat can digest. I had never used such a good antiviral, the virus in my body is very sensitive to this, immediately surrendered arms.

Every follow up since then has been improving, on February 1, my focus absorbed left only two lungs, the cough began to ease, CRP fell to 2, back to normal levels. Again on February 4, the lung continued to improve, cough stopped, opened up two days of Kleenex, Test Kit, the price is 150 yuan, double Yin, should be considered a theoretical recovery, I also tweeted to celebrate.

Recheck February 6th. The kit's free this time. But I also have a little cough, 7 to get the results or double Yin, that means I really did not have the virus. It took 20 days, from illness to cure, and no one told me that I was being added to the number of cured patients, but I knew that I was.

To get over such a serious illness, I can really play for a year, no, several years. I'm going to Japan this year, and I'm GONNA blow in front of my idol, the new pneumonia guy from Wuhan.

These two days I have some recurrence, chest tightness, cough, throat itching. Although pathologically, my body should have produced antibodies, but very limited, and the cure is through drugs, immunity did not play a big role, so still pay attention to safety, in order to prevent secondary infection, my father told me never to go out. Now I'm quarantined in the hotel, the government has a new policy, whether negative or not to go to the hotel after the diagnosis of isolation, food and accommodation, since I have turned negative twice, in the hotel after a third test or negative can go home.

I spent about 5,000 yuan on this illness. I will keep the bill after diagnosis. It will be reimbursed. Though I don't spend any money, I still suffer from the illness. We have four suspects, two confirmed, all in one piece.

In fact, the battle has been decided from the very beginning, the virus can not beat me. My case also can not be a common case, after all, we can have such a good medical conditions of few people, I saw a lot of patients in the hospital, really poor.

These days I see more and more patients in the hospital, and I infusion with the majority of the elderly, many people have green hands, a needle hand full of blood. I also saw an old man inhaling oxygen. He couldn't breathe straight through his mouth. What was it like? That's what dying looks like. It's hell. It's horrible.

A lot of times there's nothing the doctors can do, but one day I was at the Lung Hospital and I saw the Hankou funeral home drive in, and it was like death was coming.

Doctors are getting sick, and resources are getting scarce. When I take a CT, there are many doctors and nurses in the hospital also check, I asked are infected, are in a fever. Their brand of protective clothing keeps changing, and I've seen at least four brands that doctors say are long gone, all donated by society, and I've seen them fortify themselves with homemade items. Doctors are fighting for their lives. They deserve the best protection.

I've seen a lot of sad things these days. My Dad asked me if I felt any more mature after the battle, and I said, "mature, mature a lot. ". I want to say to other people who are being treated, to live is ten million of the difficulties, but you have to live.

(the interview was conducted under an assumed name.)

See News knews video screenshot

Recommended reading

Seriously declare: "Business Person" all original articles, reprint must be authorized. All Forms of illegal republication, including but not limited to piracy, unauthorized republication by a third party without the authorization of a "business person" , is an act of tort, "Business Person" will publish the "blacklist" and pursue legal responsibility. "business people" are only willing to work with institutions that respect intellectual property rights.

Write, meet, collaborate, and contact bizleaders@qqq. Com
Add to Wechat biz-leader, reprint authorized or invite you to join the group of business friends

Wechat name: Business figure

WECHAT ID: biz-leaders
1. Long press the Qr Code on the right to follow.
2. I look forward to seeing you at the top with the stars. Welcome to share and comment, welcome to leave a message or private message to us to provide clues on topics.
3. Click "read the original" to see the official website of business figures, access to more exciting content.

Write, meet, collaborate, and contact bizleaders@qqq. Com
Add to Wechat biz-leader, reprint authorized or invite you to join the group of business friends

Write, meet, collaborate, and contact bizleaders@qqq. Com

Add to Wechat biz-leader, reprint authorized or invite you to join the group of business friends

Wechat name: Business figure

WECHAT ID: biz-leaders
1. Long press the Qr Code on the right to follow.
2. I look forward to seeing you at the top with the stars. Welcome to share and comment, welcome to leave a message or private message to us to provide clues on topics.
3. Click "read the original" to see the official website of business figures, access to more exciting content.

Wechat name: Business figure

WECHAT ID: biz-leaders

1. Long press the Qr Code on the right to follow.
2. I look forward to seeing you at the top with the stars. Welcome to share and comment, welcome to leave a message or private message to us to provide clues on topics.
3. Click "read the original" to see the official website of business figures, access to more exciting content.

Go to "discover"-"take a look" browse "friends watching"

Sent

####Send it to take a look

Sending

A scan of wechat
Pay attention to the account


-------------
title: The Cure dictated: the whole family got sick, and I fought the virus for 20 days
source: Business figure
authors: _
editors: _
proofreader: _
photographer: _
translator: _
via: https://github.com/2019ncovmemory/nCovMemory
link: https://mp.weixin.qq.com/s/wVj7A5XLBl0Yiq-ATxI7NA
archive: http://archive.is/fVh4k
snapshot: https://github.com/2019ncovmemory/nCovMemory/blob/master/archive/jpg/787.jpg
lead: Let's hope there's more good news.
cover: data:image/jpeg;base64,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
