##RETURNING WORKERS IN EPIDEMIC SITUATION: hope to return to normal life as soon as possible

I-CAIJING

CAIJING magazine official Wechat. "CAIJING" magazine, sponsored by the China Securities Market Research Center, was first published in 1998, adhering to the news concept of "independence, exclusiveness and originality" , and is known for authoritative, impartial and professional reporting, it is a must-read publication for policy-makers, researchers and managers in the field of politics and economics.

_
"I don't know what is happening to those who fought together to get out of the gate. I just hope this epidemic is over soon. "
_

_

"I don't know what is happening to those who fought together to get out of the gate. I just hope this epidemic is over soon. "

By Wang Lina, CAIJING correspondent

Editor | Zhu Tao

Everyone's life has changed since the outbreak. Even Beijing, thousands of miles from the epicenter of the outbreak.

February 10, some enterprises in Beijing ushered in the first day back to work after the festival, most of the enterprise employees and some government workers telecommuting.

At Xierqi subway station, one of the busiest and most popular in Beijing, people returning to work are surprised to find that the subway station is a little empty, far from the expected congestion. A start-up Park in Haidian District has a return rate of almost 20 per cent. In Beijing Railway Station, less than half as many passengers arrived that day. Some people want to come back to work, but the village road closure, as well as rental housing closed management, "can not go back. ".

At 24:00 on the same day, 42,638 cases of new pneumonia were confirmed nationwide, and 1016 cases died. The prevention and control of the epidemic is still severe.

Back to work, not only changes in the way we work, but also in our daily lives and the desire to get back on track.

West two, no lines out of the station

Shortly before 9:00 am, Duan walked off the subway line 13 Xi'erqi Station, leaving the station without waiting in line. There's no one at the two bus stops near the exit. "It's five o'clock in the morning on holiday, " she said.

The XIERQI subway station, located outside the Fifth Ring Road in northwest Beijing, is the busiest in the city because of the crowds of tech giants and Internet companies around it.

Duan, who works for a game-like Internet company, told Caijing that during the morning rush hour, getting off the subway was crowded out, and the first bus was full when it left the first stop. On the main road of Xier Banner, people were on top of each other, cars following them. "there is absolutely no possibility of going the wrong way, there is no turning back. " Even on the rest day, Xi'erqi Station is full of busy people, working overtime and changing shifts, rushing in and out.

The first day back to work, she worried that the West two banner subway station may not appear full, in the West two banner work more than a year, she was slightly surprised. Another girl who works nearby is a little "uneasy" on the eve of her shift. When she went out at 8 am, she put on a mask, summer sunglasses and rubber gloves. When she walked into the Changping Line, she found that there were still many empty seats, "people are a fraction of what they used to be. ".

Duan Duan's company has more than 100 people. According to her observation, the attendance rate yesterday was about 90% . Colleagues from Hubei, colleagues with a cold and fever could not come back, and some could not come because of road closures, traffic line adjustments and so on.

She could feel it all the time. To enter the building, she and her colleagues need to hold passes and identity cards, check in at the door, take body temperature and wear masks at all times. Prominent corporate locations are plastered with signs reminding people to wash their hands and wear masks. When it is necessary to go to a meeting in the conference room, the interval should be at least one meter. Colleagues occasionally chat, but also mainly to discuss the number of confirmed cases, the scope of new cases, enough masks, disinfection is not, and remind each other "go wash hands. ".

As of 24:00 on February 10,42,638 cases of new coronary pneumonia had been confirmed, and 1016 cases had died.

In the West two banner work many well-known Internet company practitioners, back to work day in the home remote office. SHARLA Cheung works on an Internet Media Platform, and the team is on duty 24 hours a day. This Spring Festival is especially busy because of the new crown epidemic, and he still works at the company on the fifth and sixth day of the Lunar New Year. Return to work day approaching, the company "unprecedented first" notice to work from home, if you want to enter the company building, must be approved by the leadership and reported to the building property records, not on the list of people can not enter the building. "There's almost no one in the building now, " she said, speculating that it was a need for control and that people were returning in large numbers to work, while Internet companies were mostly open-plan, with "large rooms full of hundreds of people. ".

At noon on February 10, the property manager of a start-up Park in Haidian District told Caijing that the resumption rate in his area was less than 20 percent.

Usually, the park three buildings about 200 enterprises more than 1000 people work. During the Spring Festival, about 40-50 people registered to enter the building, up to nearly 70 on Sunday. The number of people entering the building rose nearly 2 times yesterday, as of noon, nearly 200 office staff entered the building, "not including those who were persuaded to return due to no advance registration. ".

At present, the park adopts a reporting system. Staff who enter office buildings in the park need to report and register one day in advance. The property will examine whether there are people who have been to Hubei, and some people who need to be quarantined, after 14 days of isolation, take the residence of the residential committee lifted the certificate of observation, after the property screening can enter. But the means of screening is also limited, "whether or not to Hubei, mainly by filling in their own fill-in. "

Park, public area toilets, door handles, elevators, carpets for frequent disinfection. Among them, the elevator button two hours disinfection once, door carpet once an hour. Public Canteen is not open, even if the future is open to take the form of dining, not in the canteen gathering.

In the evening, the person in charge of the statistics, the day of pre-registration fewer than the number of people previously filed, "means that the number of people planning to work tomorrow than today to be less. ".

Forced innovation

Compared with many enterprises only yesterday began to delay the resumption of work, flexible work, the resumption of civil servants in government departments to some earlier.

At 12:00 noon on February 10, lawyer Wang Cailiang finished his morning shift and walked out of the office building. His firm is on a temporary rotation, with one lawyer on duty in the morning and one on the afternoon, as well as a mobile duty lawyer.

On the way home on foot, he told Caijing that in the morning he received telephone inquiries from two clients and received six express deliveries, one of which was a summons issued by Beijing's No. 3 Intermediate People's Court on the 13th, the other was a response to a petition from the Supreme Prosecutor's Office. "It seems that these departments have already started their work. "

Wang Lei, the head of the case filing division of a basic level court in Beijing, entered the court from 8:00 a.m. to 11:00 p.m. , on the same day 45 cases were filed online, "The court started work last Monday, started filing single-digit cases last week, and then more than a dozen cases a day. "

Wang Lei said, except for some special circumstances, since last week, judges have basically all been on duty, and more than half of the assistant staff, such as judges'assistants and clerks, have been on duty. Each judicial team has the flexibility to arrange for people from the same office to work at the wrong time, to ensure the orderly and normal conduct of judicial proceedings.

This outbreak, "has the potential to revolutionize the world's largest online court system, and it really forced that out, " Wang Lei said. On January 29, the Beijing Municipal High Court issued a policy to adjust the way of litigation, to guide the parties to use information platform, online filing, online execution, online court. The courts are working overtime to prepare for the day after they start work on February 3. "We have information at the door that clients can take away and understand what we do and how we do it, and people can understand that at special times, but these online cases are more often represented by lawyers. "

On Feb. 10, Wang Lei's court held an enlarged session of the Party Caucus, the first attempt to use smart software video conference, "Many old comrades are also very supportive, agreed. "

Chaoyang Court, the number of cases in recent years continued to increase, is the country's "busiest grass-roots courts" one. Mao Li, vice president of the Court of Chaoyang District, told Caijing that Chaoyang Court has changed its working mode, fully applied information-based means to carry out law enforcement and handling cases, and "made efforts to minimize the impact of the epidemic on the execution of trials. ".

Last week, from Feb. 3 to 7, the Chaoyang Court held 67 sessions on the Internet, received 514 online filing applications, mailed 173 filing applications, and received 1,494 phone calls from the parties, minimizing the travel and gathering of litigants.

A staff member working in a Ministry of the Central Government is one of the few people working from home in his unit. The notice given to her by the work unit is that those who drive, cycle or walk to work, if their body temperature does not exceed the standard, may wear a mask to go to work at the Work Unit; those who must use public transportation to go to work may flexibly arrange according to their work needs, and under special circumstances, take cover and get to work. She's one of the latter, so she telecommutes from home.

Her colleagues at work also face a variety of requirements, such as try to bring their own lunch box, to the canteen in batches to eat back to the office, an office at no more than two people at the same time and so on.

With the resumption of work day, February 10, the Beijing station's arrival passenger flow has rebounded. At 5 pm, a staff member at the station told Caijing that about 55,000 passengers arrived that day, compared with 36,000 the day before, which was about 60% to 70% less than the same period last year, at least 120,000 to 30,000 passengers arrived at the station every day during the same period. "although the passenger flow pressure is not big now, but the epidemic prevention pressure is very big, " he said.

In order to deal with the epidemic situation, the station entrance and exit no longer use the hand-held temperature, set up the infrared thermometer, reduce the staff and passengers contact. According to the above-mentioned station staff, as a public service worker, he and his colleagues did not stop during the epidemic. The stations, elevators, passageways and exits were disinfected every two to three hours in places where people would gather easily, to increase the guidance of passengers, "busy no problem, no problem is the best. "

Once someone at the station measures a temperature of more than 37.3 degrees, they can not pass through, are taken to a fever isolation room, and are assessed by a specialist twice manually. If the temperature is still above the norm, 120 ambulances will be notified and taken away.

The staff said that the previous day they will be formally fixed this mechanism, the establishment of epidemic prevention and control commando, emergency response to deal with this situation. Of the 24 players, 18 are party members and "many have volunteered for first-line work" . On the same day, they detected a passenger temperature 39.4 degrees, immediate emergency treatment, disinfection, "has not yet received feedback whether the diagnosis. ".

Telecommuting is a mixed bag

Yuan Liang, an IT practitioner, hasn't stayed home this long in a decade. After the outbreak escalated, he bought a ticket to Beijing on the night of January 27 in his hometown in southern Henan Province, fearing that the city would not return to work in time for the February 3 deadline.

But the company sent him an e mail notification, first extending the Lunar New Year holiday to February 2, then before February 9, the company adopted a home-based telecommuting approach, and then informing him that telecommuting would be extended until February 16. Some Internet companies, he heard, had extended the deadline to Feb. 21.

He worked from home and reduced his meals to two. These days he always braised enough rice for two meals. Yesterday, "I can't hold it in at home any longer, " he decided to ride his bike to Wangjing's office at the last minute. Entering the building, he found a box of paper towels in the elevator, next to the warm reminder that this is "elevator button special paper. ".

SHARLA Cheung, who also works from home, and her telecommuting husband, one room at a time, have turned their home into an office. Previously, an hour's one-way trip to the office and a 15-minute walk through the park each day were spent on public transport.

Time was saved, but she began to feel a little awkward. Usually if there is an urgent manuscript to deal with, in the office naturally to shout a voice, telecommuting, do not see colleagues, everything is through online communication. Sometimes, colleagues connected to her voice, and even heard the sound of someone in her family chewing a meal.

Li Ning and her husband also work from home and take care of their first grade daughter. The couple each worked on a computer while their daughter sat in the living room watching TV and taking online classes. After the outbreak, her daughter's piano lessons, but also to the remote video lectures, the daughter practice, she or her husband next to holding a cell phone.

Li Ning felt more tired this week than when she had gone to work. In addition to work, she also had to do housework, Cook and take care of the children, "three pans were burnt dry, one hand was burned, and everything that could be cooked was cooked more than three times. "

Fang Ying, who runs western-style fast food, worries about her business. One of her stores in Zhongguancun has twice extended its opening hours, while an independent now delivers takeout because it has too few diners. Orders for this year's Spring Festival are only 10% of what they were for the same period last year. Although the recent resumption of work, business did not pick up, but because many communities do not allow express delivery personnel in and out, the amount of orders has decreased.

Last night, Fang Ying opened her mobile phone to check the price of food on the e-commerce platform. The wholesale price of tomatoes rose from three or four yuan before the festival to eight yuan. The price of cucumbers also doubled. To cut costs, there were only two cooks left, and the rest of the staff were waiting for word that she was starting.

Fang Ying predicted that this year, "the first half of the business is no game, " can only see the second half. Zhongguancun store is located in the shopping mall, previously informed that they can negotiate a reduction in rent, there is no further information. Online shop, rent private landlord, have not mentioned rent reduction, she would like to wait for the opportunity to talk to the landlord, "At least the next year do not raise the rent. ".

At Chaoyangmen's Neinan Street market, located in the Second Ring Road of Beijing, the traffic yesterday was close to normal, but compared with the past, the people who buy food and then leave, less chat and pile up.

You Kai, a vegetable market manager, is busy in the market, supervising the timely disinfection of the market, people in and out of the market to buy food to take temperature, but also from time to time to remind businesses not to online "list explosion" , causing couriers to gather and wait.

You Kai told Caijing that one of the major changes after the outbreak was the increase in the number of people buying food online, "Some merchants can take 30 orders in 10 minutes, and I always remind them not to break the list. Otherwise, if we don't get the order in time, the couriers are GonNa be all over us. "We have to protect customers while also preventing and controlling the risk of an epidemic. "

Nanxiaojie vegetable market is open for business as usual during the Spring Festival, and you KAI has been working. After the outbreak of new crown pneumonia, not only to prevent and control the epidemic, but also to ensure an adequate supply of "basket" , price balance. He joined the wechat group on living security set up by the Dongcheng District Bureau of Commerce. All the market leaders in the district are there, specializing in market comparison and reporting on inventory, and submitting daily prices for some ingredients such as potatoes and turnips, "comparing prices to ensure that there is not too much fluctuation in each market. We can't just listen to how much the vendors are charging, but also look at the prices in other markets to avoid the suspicion of driving up prices. "

The biggest worry for Ms. You is that many stores can not buy masks. Last week, the market gave out three free masks to every store. Yesterday, many people were running out of masks. "Some merchants use a disposable mask for several days. I have to give my mask to the merchants. Now the masks are in short supply and I can't find any where to sell them. "

I hope we can get back on track

Everyone's life has been affected by the outbreak.

Zhao Liang lives in Dachang Hui Autonomous County, Hebei Province, and works in Beijing, where he commutes to work every day. The company recently told him to return to work on February 17, "but I can't go back now, and I can't go back to work. " According to the notice issued by the community, he works outside of Dachang Hui Autonomous County and belongs to the county, you leave, you go back, you're under house arrest for 14 days. By the end of the day, every day he went to work in Beijing, he was quarantined at home for 14 days, a rule that Zhao Liang could barely laugh or cry about.

If we go on like this, nine times out of ten we won't get any work done. He told CAIJING. He figured if he couldn't go back to the neighborhood, he would have to temporarily find relatives to live in and out of, but the rent would still have to be paid, "no one said how to solve this situation. ".

Wang Gang, an IT worker who works in Beijing and lives in Yanjiao, has posted similar notices in his neighborhood. The notice said that the residential area has been closed since midnight on February 10, and residents in the residential area can go out for 2 hours every day with a pass, "according to the latest emergency notice, residents are not allowed to go out except for medical treatment, epidemic control and work in important positions to ensure the operation of public utilities, people's livelihood and other important matters related to the national economy and the people's livelihood. "

Fortunately, Wang Gang's company has allowed him to return to work remotely for the time being, but some of his colleagues in the computer lab live on the outskirts of Beijing and have to work for the company. The company has agreed that they can stay in the company for the time being, but this is not a permanent solution.

After the escalation of the epidemic control, some migrant workers from Beijing to return home, facing village road closure, can not return to Beijing. The person in charge of the property management said that the property management staff in the park is limited, and the property management staff are on duty 24 hours a day, 24 hours a day, and closed on Saturday and Sunday.

A person in charge of a Labor Agency told the CAIJING reporter that during the Spring Festival, many of his company's security guards left Beijing, "many have to go back to the blind date. ".

After the outbreak of the epidemic, the property building needs logistic personnel to ensure that the epidemic situation is well prevented and controlled, "It's going to be a temporary move to make sure the property is up and running. Not to leave the village, if there is no epidemic in the village, you can communicate to see if you can come back to work, the company needs to prove, the company also cooperate. In villages where there is an outbreak, there is no discussion."

Wang Lei, who works in the court's case filing division, said that the online case filing system is basically in place and the court's trial work is proceeding in an orderly manner, but he has also been thinking in recent days that after the epidemic, the number of cases may increase dramatically, his fellow judges "how the workload catches up" .

Duan, who works at the West Second Banner, said he suddenly missed the crowded West second banner. "seeing everyone running for their lives, I felt very hopeful. "

Before returning to work, Duan saw his classmates who were working as civil servants at the grass-roots level. From New Year's Eve to now, he had no rest and was busy with prevention, control and investigation. Neighbors with small businesses, sitting at home waiting for news because the store couldn't open. Yesterday work, came to the empty West two flags, Duan suddenly realized the severity of the epidemic.

Dandan said she was actually happy to be back at work, and felt she had done something to restore the city to its former vitality. But she was a little sad to think of all the people who had come and gone. "strangers, but strangers, " she said

"I don't know what is happening to those who fought together to get out of the station gate. I just hope the epidemic is over soon and everyone's life can get back on track, " Duan said.

Dandan, Wang Lei, Sharla Cheung, Yuan Liang, Li Ning, Fang Ying, Zhao Liang and Wang Gang are pseudonyms

Read more about the outbreak in pictures

Editor in chief | Lilijiang Jiang Jiang@caijing. COM.CN
This is an original article from CAIJING magazine, which can not be reproduced or mirrored without authorization. For reprinting, please leave a message at the end of the article to request and obtain authorization.

Editor in chief | Lilijiang Jiang Jiang@caijing. COM.CN

This is an original article from CAIJING magazine, which can not be reproduced or mirrored without authorization. For reprinting, please leave a message at the end of the article to request and obtain authorization.

Go to "discover"-"take a look" browse "friends watching"

Sent

####Send it to take a look

Sending

A scan of wechat
Pay attention to the account


-------------
title: RETURNING WORKERS IN EPIDEMIC SITUATION: hope to return to normal life as soon as possible
source: cai-jing-za-zhi-/-cai-jing-shi-yi-ren
authors: _
editors: _
proofreader: _
photographer: _
translator: _
via: https://github.com/2019ncovmemory/nCovMemory
link: https://mp.weixin.qq.com/s/h1OCZFYRNzdk68RkH0cs9g
archive: http://archive.today/VYXS3
snapshot: https://github.com/2019ncovmemory/nCovMemory/blob/master/archive/jpg/791.jpg
lead: "I don't know what is happening to those who fought together to get out of the gate. I just hope this epidemic is over soon. "
cover: data:image/jpeg;base64,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
