##Yu Minhong's 13 epidemic diaries: he cried for half an hour after his death

Micro Signal biz-leaders

Function introduction, define Chinese commercial power

By Feng Chao
Source: biz-leaders

By Feng Chao

Source: biz-leaders

That night, New Oriental founder Yu Minhong, like many netizens, waited for news of Li Wenliang. I waited until 1:00 in the morning. I was so tired, I fell asleep. In the morning, he saw the news, "the heart suddenly fell to the bottom, Abandon, heart moment full of grief and anger and pain, a person shut in the study, crying for half an hour. ".

This is Yu Minhong's February 7 epidemic diary. The late Li Wenliang. Rescue Party. The complete works of Lu Xun. "sorry, today's diary is full of tears. "

He has written 13 epidemic diaries, each about 3,000 words, from January 29 to February 10. The diaries were posted to his personal account and forwarded to Weibo. Maybe he won't stop writing until the epidemic hits a tipping point.

I fell in love with his diary after I happened to see his micro blog during the long vacation.

Yu Minhong, like other entrepreneurs, is making donations and contributing to the disaster zone. During the outbreak, Chinese entrepreneurs were mostly silent, unaided, and those who were helping said little more.

But there's something special about Yu Minhong.

His desire to express himself is so strong that he writes in his diary about the bizarre and infuriating hot issues of the epidemic that he sees on your network of friends and on twitter.

The diaries of famous people, as the historian Yang Tianshi put it, fall into one of two categories. There are those who pretend to be something they're not, like Yan Xishan's feelings journal, which is full of chicken soup. One is for himself, like Chiang Kai-shek's diary, in which he keeps track of his physical urges and scolds Tai Chi-tao, Li Zongren, and other close friends and colleagues.

Yu Minhong's diary, which excludes company product introductions, hides parts of himself and is restrained. He himself wrote that he was "a timid speaker" who was afraid of getting new oriental into trouble. He replied on Wechat backstage that he was "just a timid speaker. ".

In his diary, Yu Minhong recommended the Wuhan Video, which was shot by a blogger, as having historical value. In fact, his diary also has some historical value. That, after all, is the observation of a well-known Chinese entrepreneur.

This article will carry on the rough induction, the compilation to its epidemic situation diary. As to whether the words he recorded are true or not, those who are interested can look at his original annotations.

About the outbreak

Harvard, by Yu Minhong

"If local governments take this seriously and issue timely alerts, people themselves may be more alert and self-prepared, and the epidemic will not spread so quickly. In addition, if the people have more channels to speak out and respond, the problems at the grass-roots level can be known to the decision-making level in the first place, and national prevention and control can be carried out ahead of time without causing the current almost nationwide epidemic."

"A small virus, in mid-december has been found... inaction, irresponsibility, whitewash, make a mess of things. I do not know if we will fundamentally reflect after the event, will be effective change. "

On January 31, he spoke of the Hubei Red Cross.

"This outbreak, like fire gold, has burned out a lot of bureaucracy. Prevarication, prevarication, mutual tearing, stupidity, incompetence, all exposed. "

New Oriental donates 20 million yuan to Hubei Red Cross. "We have made contact with the Red Cross, and the other side has a good attitude and will donate the money to the most needed hospitals in Hubei according to our wishes. We hope the money can be used in the right way in hospitals. "

On February 1, Shuanghuanglian was robbed. He was writing in his diary. In fact, three days ago, someone told him, "The Shanghai Research Institute has successfully treated the virus with Shuanghuanglian. They told me to buy some Shuanghuanglian and not to tell anyone. With limited scientific knowledge, I thought this was not true, so I ignored it. "We have a lot of pseudo-science overnight, and it's better to be cool about propaganda that might have some ulterior business motive behind it. "

One man was quarantined and his cat buried alive. "The lack of human warmth is chilling. "

He hates people who lie about their illness and put others in isolation. He thinks, the reason of this kind of person appears is, after the right is not secured, form two kinds of mentality, one kind is the advantage takes up quickly, one kind is others good or bad and I have nothing to do with.

Yu Minhong believed in the good in people. There are many touching stories online, and many of his fellow entrepreneurs have been affected by the epidemic, but daily discussions are about how to support Wuhan. A friend asked him to forward a micro-blog message, it is a girl sent a message for help, grandma sick, but can not be hospitalized. Later, in his diary, he said he underestimated the evils of human nature, because some people said that Li Wenliang was fishing for fame and acting out his illness to get donations from others. Others called Yu Minhong a "running dog of the U.S. empire. ".

"In today's China, it is more important than ever to encourage those who dare to speak out, " he wrote on the 5th.

He commented on the Eulogizing Writers: "A truly virtuous man of letters should take care of the common people, those who are infected with diseases and those who are fighting on the front lines. What is their situation? Instead of running around after the boss. Leadership may be hard work, but it seems better to wait until the epidemic is over to see what is right. Looking back can help us see things more clearly."

He criticized the deformation of the grass-roots anti-epidemic action, grass-roots staff of the message was included in the diary content. "It's true that, apart from the medical staff, the first-line grass-roots workers now have the hardest time, " he said later. "although they can be rude at times, they are under many times more stress than those of us who are at home. "

About business

Classes on the new oriental line are suspended. One million students in winter break class are not allowed to attend class.

"If new oriental were to suspend all fees, it would have to close down, and the livelihood of the eighty thousand teachers and staff would immediately become a problem. "

The solution is to move to the line, "otherwise close to 30 years of the new East, there will be landslides. ". Technical personnel stay up late research and development, tens of thousands of teachers New Year's Eve online training, lesson preparation. On January 30, one hundred thousand students began using the live streaming system. Yu Minhong, "every nerve is on edge, just in case the system crashes. At the end of the day, it's fine. " .

On the 31st, New Oriental's servers were attacked by Meng lie and many students were unable to attend classes. "I don't care what your reasons for attacking the New Oriental are, it is not appropriate, " he wrote. "One should have a bottom line and a common understanding. "

One parent asked him why he didn't cut the price or give it away for free. 'It's just not possible, ' he said. 'classrooms can't start, rents are paid, teachers and staff are paid, classes are moved online, and systems are expensive. '. If free, "The new East basically does not last 3 months to vanish into thin air" . Of course, New Oriental still introduced some free courses, some are still aimed at medical staff's children.

On the 2nd, he is in the wechat group, the most discussed is the survival of enterprises.

"The rent must continue to be paid and the salary paid. Some local governments have added to the confusion by requiring companies to pay double salaries to employees from No. 3 to No. 9 to work or to work overtime at home. But there is no authority to determine whether working from home at this stage of the epidemic is a day off? For a large number of businesses, the cash on their books is expected to last just two months. Even Sibel, with such a thriving business, said it would last three months at the most. Social Security, personal income tax and corporate income tax are all taken in. Banks do not charge interest on loans because of the epidemic. Some banks are even pressing for repayment of principal."

On the 6th, Beijing issued a policy of supporting small and medium-sized enterprises.

"Some of these measures are weak and some need to be implemented as soon as possible. Small and medium-sized enterprises have been really difficult, many enterprises up to two months, especially in the service sector. New Oriental is a company with a little capital, and now it's a little bit more than it makes. Fortunately, I had been sticking to the cash-for-all strategy, so there was a little surplus left on new oriental's books."

On the 10th, many companies around the country resumed work.

"It's true that the Chinese economy can not afford to drag on. In particular, many enterprises, if we continue to delay the resumption of work, it may be dragged down. There have been a lot of layoffs on the Internet. New Oriental did not lay off employees, or require employees to work from home, not to go to the office to work unless absolutely necessary. While there will be an impact on efficiency, it will at least make employees feel a little more secure."

About life

Yu Minhong spends most of his time at home. Work, read, keep a journal.

While listening to the audio, he took a walk around the house. One day, he walked a few hundred laps around the house, more than 10,000 steps.

And his 90-year-old mother. He occasionally wheeled his mother around in circles.

My mother has Alzheimer's. In the old days, after Yu Minhong gave his mother some pocket money, she saved it for fear that her son would run out of money.

"Now I show her the deposit slip and ask her what it is. She shakes her head and says she doesn't know. See Her deadpan facial expression, I besides sad or sad. The only thing to do is to buy her more food and serve her well. The most touching moment was when she recognized me. She always had a warm motherly smile on her face."

One night, as he drank, he opened a wechat video, and friends gathered across the screen.

On the night of the 1st, the Moon was half full. He poured out a large bowl of rice wine and drank it up to the moon.

"I poured another bowl of wine and spilled it on the ground as a tribute to the dead, and may they rest in peace in heaven. Now you have to say goodbye to your families, but one day we will all meet in heaven. "

Recommended reading

Seriously declare: "Business Person" all original articles, reprint must be authorized. All Forms of illegal republication, including but not limited to piracy, unauthorized republication by a third party without the authorization of a "business person" , is an act of tort, "Business Person" will publish the "blacklist" and pursue legal responsibility. "business people" are only willing to work with institutions that respect intellectual property rights.

Write, meet, collaborate, and contact bizleaders@qqq. Com
Add to Wechat biz-leader, reprint authorized or invite you to join the group of business friends

Wechat name: Business figure

WECHAT ID: biz-leaders
1. Long press the Qr Code on the right to follow.
2. I look forward to seeing you at the top with the stars. Welcome to share and comment, welcome to leave a message or private message to us to provide clues on topics.
3. Click "read the original" to see the official website of business figures, access to more exciting content.

Write, meet, collaborate, and contact bizleaders@qqq. Com
Add to Wechat biz-leader, reprint authorized or invite you to join the group of business friends

Write, meet, collaborate, and contact bizleaders@qqq. Com

Add to Wechat biz-leader, reprint authorized or invite you to join the group of business friends

Wechat name: Business figure

WECHAT ID: biz-leaders
1. Long press the Qr Code on the right to follow.
2. I look forward to seeing you at the top with the stars. Welcome to share and comment, welcome to leave a message or private message to us to provide clues on topics.
3. Click "read the original" to see the official website of business figures, access to more exciting content.

Wechat name: Business figure

WECHAT ID: biz-leaders

1. Long press the Qr Code on the right to follow.
2. I look forward to seeing you at the top with the stars. Welcome to share and comment, welcome to leave a message or private message to us to provide clues on topics.
3. Click "read the original" to see the official website of business figures, access to more exciting content.

Go to "discover"-"take a look" browse "friends watching"

Sent

####Send it to take a look

Sending

A scan of wechat
Pay attention to the account


-------------
title: Yu Minhong's 13 epidemic diaries: he cried for half an hour after his death
source: Business figure
authors: _
editors: _
proofreader: _
photographer: _
translator: _
via: https://github.com/2019ncovmemory/nCovMemory
link: https://mp.weixin.qq.com/s/u_NHpvMG-Ln7_yiHKYN6fw
archive: http://archive.is/LOAxQ
snapshot: https://github.com/2019ncovmemory/nCovMemory/blob/master/archive/jpg/786.jpg
lead: Today's diary is full of tears.
cover: data:image/jpeg;base64,/9j/4AAQSkZJRgABAQAAAQABAAD/2wBDAAYEBQYFBAYGBQYHBwYIChAKCgkJChQODwwQFxQYGBcUFhYaHSUfGhsjHBYWICwgIyYnKSopGR8tMC0oMCUoKSj/2wBDAQcHBwoIChMKChMoGhYaKCgoKCgoKCgoKCgoKCgoKCgoKCgoKCgoKCgoKCgoKCgoKCgoKCgoKCgoKCgoKCgoKCj/wAARCADMAeADASIAAhEBAxEB/8QAHAAAAQUBAQEAAAAAAAAAAAAABgIDBAUHAQgA/8QASBAAAQMDAQQIAgUKBgECBwAAAQACAwQFESEGEjFBBxMiUWFxgZEUMiNCUqGxFRYkM2JygpLB0Qg0Q1Oy8OElRBcmVHODovH/xAAaAQADAQEBAQAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAQIDBAUG/8QAJhEAAgICAgIDAAIDAQAAAAAAAAECEQMSITEEQRMUUSJhMlJiQv/aAAwDAQACEQMRAD8Az5tNI0DMEjvQpFPZqqaZ5+FkDTw7K3iK20jeEDD6KXHRwAaQt9lywuI9F7MHg2bq3ailkznuRTYdlJoiJZInb3IFaxHTRAaRN9lJjjaBowD0UyUpcWVpH8AJ9mqH05YKcKDPspVzNAjhDe8rU2MP2fuTgaRyAU48WnsJpS9GWUmx9x3A0lvHuVzbNl62Bx33tLe7CPGtPFKDT3qpY1PhhFagh+arntdkjVdZsgOrxvYPMhGLYyuhmOaUcMV0Nq+wQGx0LiDI4lwUz81qbADuA8USgJQYDxWmpGi/Aei2bpG6BoT7bDRgfIPZXYYAu7o7kUPVFVHaKNnCIJ5lvphwiap+6O5LAH2QjUaiiE2jgHCMJQpoQDiJvspe7qu45poNUQhC3lGPZLbFjg0eykZ1wvsoK1I5Ye5LDSOSc4rrQMJodDYYTqlbh7wnBovkqFQgM70rcCVlfZQFCQwBKDV8DngoV5uMdtonTSZJ+VrRxc48AEBQJ9Ju1bbDbXwUzm/HSjdYCCfbxWQ23YXaXaqq+Nvb3wwu+XrtXnxxyWyWqzMmrPypch19c7Vged5sI7m+PiiSFrcajPooc3/5N4Y65kYr/wDCGkLd2WYl2eIVXcehsO33U0zgeQwt9lEYydxxI7mqtq5twjEbtw8cqHKX6aqMX6POFb0QXSIEse0njkBU1PV7U7FVEbOumgijeZI8nMZdjGfZeg6ive2Z4zkDxVRfqaju9M+Ksja5pGneoj5LT5B+OmuCu6Kemdl3qRbNpzHT1TyBDUNGGO8D3Fba2RrmgtcCF4p2x2fZZq89W1zad+XAjl3o76JeliayFtpv8jpqFo3YpnHJj8PJdaqStHG04umemyQub2OSz2XpW2dZxqgT3AEqHN0v2RoPVtmkP7MZKFFjSNO3vBfb3gsjm6YqTOIKCsefCPChy9L9S/Pw9nqfXAT0YKJs2VwOCw+TpSvchPVWgj96QKJL0hbVSZ3KSnjHi8lP4mOjey8Y4psvaPrD3XnyXbDa+bUS00fk0lRX3va2fO9dGsB+zGq+FhR6KdPGOL2+6afW07c5lb7rzjJLtHLnrL1U6/ZAClUGym0t2OIp7nK0/XLtxvuUnirsNTfJLtQsGXVEY9Qoc209ohzv1sIx3vAWZ0PQ1W1EW9cby+Nx+o1zpCPXICI6Hoo2XtlCTXU8lxnxrJPI4D0aCAFD0XsFCy4qNvtnoAd+4wDHLfCqanpW2aiziuY7HdkoE2l2Fs9NK+W1whrBkmF53sDwP9ChU222xnX4duO8haQhGatA4NdmoVPTLYGAiN8jz+ywlVk/TTQa/D0VXJ5MQAX2uHTr6duPEJl9ztEYOaqM+Sv4ooEqDOq6ZKiRpFPaKg55u0WSbRzVt6vFRcZqUxdZqRngr6S/WlnCVzvJqiT7RW4tIbFK/P7KekQAupBEgyvQH+G1/wBFVt49kf1WF3eeKqqA6mgdG3xC2r/DcS2oqWn7CVCfRvq5ldSfJNGJ8mX8dE47h4pslNAV7MJxqrG3SjboZ2+66b5QM0NRGPMrjo1RcMATrdEOO2ptMOd6ri/nCZftzY4x266D+cJ0xhg0pfFAr+krZ6MH9Oh4/aUeTpV2eZwqgfIEp0yaNDGgXQsyf0v2NuQxz3eUZUd/TJbB+rp6h/lGU1FhTNZXRqscl6ZYc/RW+pI/dCjSdMNS79VapcftOARoxm2pTeCweTpavLv1VtaPORMO6TtpJAdyjgZnvcSq+Ni1N/z3Lm8OZXnsbd7WTuDIxTtLjgAAnj6rY9m7VVNtkT71VPqax7cvDCWsaTyAH4qZR17KUQj32AauaPMr7roh/qM90P1+zkFU07lXX0x5GKbh7goeq+j6eUHqtqLtHn7W4R9wCjZF6h/8ZTt+aZg9UzJdaJmd6oj08VltV0X3OQnc2oqpPB4cPwKqajoqu/K5CcftTvCpOL9i1Nam2htkerquIebgokm2NliB366AY/bCyCo6M7pDkupXzDvZLvf1VdNsbJTH9It9QzHN0ZIWihF+wo2OXpC2fizvXCDT9sKFL0obOszisYfLJWPutlDCcSiNhH2wB+KTi1x5zLCMdxCr4l+iNWk6XLG3O46R/kw6qJJ0wUGvVUlS8+EZWafGWiPjNF7pJvNoZ/qtPkMp/Ev0DQ5el7OeptdW70AUWXpZuLv1Fol/ieAgT847W35d93kwpB2poRo2nmd/AqWKIBpJ0m7QyE9XbY2j9qRWGzd7ue0Va+ouZayOlwGxMOm+eZ8h+KzyPamOV7WR0kg3jjJAGFo2xc9Hadm46yte0dcXSkOIBcSdPwCwzxUY1H2VjVyD2hbKQC0acirRrnM46HhoUK2za4VLQI6TcYOBceKvRdY3RbxAC5o0lTZ0dkt0T5M9txB8VWV9unecsc/T9rQeiob9tHJACynm3Xfghymn2wrHGWg62ePeyA84BHgi1LgqteWX9bQ/DB5fq7OeCG6mbdkOdVYTVN2p5A27QOwRrjVVdbpLvNHZOq5cmOmbY5WCG37G1VBu6Ag8ccMrIKmnlp5XNeBnwOi1Xa90hZKNQRyWbVrHTTAY7XBd/jOoUcPkr+YX7D3ClnppIq8RM6oANe48UUOuFliGtVTjyIWV2gblWyB5zvuxg8D3ItisUhHZp2hdinqYx65CF1+sjM/pLD5DKZftTaGfIZH+UZVa2wTco2hPRWCfXIaPRHylcD7traFv6qlqH/wJp+1zCPo7dKfMgK0s2xFwus/V0secfM8jDW+ZWobLdGdntBbPcwLjVjXEjfomnwbz8z7LOWdRKSRlNnrNoL2/ds+zlRUg6b40YPN3Ae60bZ3o9uswbLtDVU1GP9ik+kf6vOg9AVpAmZEwMjDWMboGtGAPQLjZt88Vzz8qT4Raghi1bO2i2gGmo2OlH+pJ23e5/orYPBGOChOmaw6uCQajAyMrnc23bKUSxGN066IW2pr3MgeyM8k7cb58PEQMeqz7araNpY/JxpyS2XoqMQcvl8cyUQsZuudjJ3soKv8As6yesM9K3LZu25g+q7n7qVU1QkndM468sq12GdLeNpX0jTvNELnnwxj+61wyalSHk4jYJM2XlI0g9SnGbKTn/TAW5N2XIGoCW3ZgDj9wXbyce5iDNk5ue6E43ZF2dXD2W3t2Yj5hLZs1GDwS5FsYkNjhjVy0zodtYtlwcxvBzETDZyL7IVrYbUyjq2vYADjkmlQnIJMlfcl3C4dFRAkppydKTu54hMDxwG1T/wBZXzu85HJwUe/89Q93m4lVDGVrtC5w9U4KasdjtP8AvUWjWy4Zb4PrOynmUNGB2iPuVMLfVuGpefdOttNUR8rk9kFl02CgZ9ZnuE5vW5v12fzKmZZajnG5OtsU+PkPqjdBZairtrc9tmniui6W5o4tPkCoEdgn+ynmbOzHiE90OyX+W6BugY4/wlffnDSNPZid/Km49mpTyHspDNmJP+tS3QrQ1+ckX1ad59gufnK/6lM73U2PZd5Ou97KTHso7ufjyR8gKSJvR9dZLltTSRTQhsTMynXPAaffhej6KoYYBvHCwPZKyOtd0+ILXD6MtyfFaZR3IktyezwK5c8+TfHygzdUM4A5SeujOhKr6Nwe3ezkJc0W+12Dr3rmLonhsbtQ85TbwWnsuQvUXk0U/UTHdceGeaUL2COJU2h6l+6qcw40K62sB0J18EP/AJUbJkEhNvrG4OHZRsLUIZfhqhpE8MUo7nsDvxVPV7K7NVufirHQOJ+sIQ0/dhQRcSCQ3Kn09zY/Qaeaakx6g9ceijZirYfg2VFFIeBjfvNHo7+6ELp0QXOn3nW6ppquPk05jf7HT71sMdRGdQ8J9lQ37S0WWSJcTzfV7I3KheW1dNJCf22HHvwTLNn53H5h6NXpnr43tLHta9vMOGQq2qs1tqGPMdNHFKQcFmgzyW0czfZDizzzU2Z9HTySPcM7pA3iG591oWyNJS11FQist9fXtpomDq6eAuaHY5uOB96j7PUFHbZqi6XuhlqmCsmiklJL3UwY7A05N4kkape2V5v75zS7Ny0ho3RiV01L2InB3ygEnuxnVazquTKLkEl3rYIosw2C7wkDiyONw9g/KCq3pRsdDCWVDbhLLqAxkQbgjkS46K12I2cub5o6q5XJ74yO2zUhxzxBPJV+x+xEO1dDtDc69jIqWquFQaR4jaXSxg7uckaNyDjHE5Ky1i+0bXJ9DlDDX3dtJcJiKGnqmiSNjQJZBGeBcSN0EjXGCrmpv2y9C809wrrtWyN7LjJWvawH91haEro4eX0MluuLQaigaKV4cOG5pr5t3XDvB8Em+bHWKeaQiCnZI9287rd45PeDlLiLG7fZRVX5s3mfcoDNG45I3ayZrv8AkgCSg2gotsKuCzVtVVU1II5SyebfBjdg7uD8x4+y0x2yNs6vLo4i5nB8Li0sA572dAFC2Ut7J6i8XOB75aaaVsFPKTkStjYGl4PMF29g88KXN032Uoq0CF8u1DVvMMjuqq93O64YBGuneD4FAlUAyXeDufLkVpm3NhfcwT1bRUMHYlxhw9eY8CsgrxPDO6OqaWTx6YI0f4hVgkn0RmjJPklU7WyVDJN9zS1+Se454+S9R2bZOkrrdT1FLUNkEkTXcOOi8oOkdE5j+qkjGMdsEZOPwXpzol2gBsFIJX/KwMxnVbTlSMoY7uyRtTaaXZzZ6uulSA5tOzIadN5xOGj3IQL0fVs+0V9hp5XbrJWOc5wGjGA6kDv7OB5q1/xF7RyO2dt9vpwwMrKgyvBOoZGOz6bxyfRBnRFfer2mhEk8RbDbOqaGNxrvA4Pfz1S2/g2LX+ep6UiNPRUzIadrY4mDDWj/ALqfFV1bdWt+UjxQjWbR7wI3tFVm9smz28lcDk2dagGIugkdq7AT/wCVGxMJ3tEBS3MBpDXaqPPcZ52Mhpw580rxGxo5k6BSUomlWipNwL5g7MTTu57yrCqe2OM6qJaqSO0WuCkD8uY3tO+07mfdVN4rxqGFUgSKPaiu3QS05xlZTf7hI5797VGO0VVo/J9MrN7tLvPccpLsrohy1J3Dqte/w5WXrm3m8yt0JbSRE/zPP/ELFZThh1Xsfod2SZaOjmyxVMwiqZ4vipm6aOk7WvoQF1+PHmzlzypUTfhm44BINMzJ0RTLZYnUsj4Zy9zQcEHRB1ur/ioskYcCQV1nIPGFvJI6lvcpBSCgCO6NvcF9C0CQYASnDC+j+cIAkJJ4pWTlccmAlcHNdSTxTQGFw7Guz+r+5TItjXZ+Uey2CK2AfV4qQy1tP1VnSHsZDHsaccApEexo5gLVjQxtyNMpr4ZvLHsnqgszVmxzMYI+5SYtkYh9X7loYpm9wS2wN7kUhWAcWyMOfl+5SWbKQD6v3I3bEAOCUIwEUh2BrNl4B9TKkR7NQj/TCLurC6GhFCBhmz0A4Rj2T7LFEODB7IhDRyXQMJgD1TYY5KWRkbQHlp3TjnyQTSOe2bcdkEHUdxWs4Wd7UUnwF+eWjEU461vn9Ye/4rm8iPFo6MEu0XFrnLYwCVbNmyzVCVLU7vBWsNXvjC40dA1tJaobrRvicXMeNY5G/Mx3eP7LMnXSttFc633QYlGrXj5ZB9pv/dFsEWJG5Q9ths3S3yhMMwLJW9qKVvzRu7x/bmhxLjIEYryCNH5yuPur+Idp5oErfjLLXyUFxG7MzVrx8sjftN8E5HcnY1KmjTgNo7qckueUv84GxA5d7IIfcCRjex6qDLWHJO/lFBSNMg2tjHZ3iPEnCnU21cTtBI33WOvrMjUlciqDnLJMcuKpIijeKS/Nc3JOcqxivDSwHOiw2iuc8O6OuOB3q3g2lfGAHvCOUJxsML1UyUtXWSUrixtRN8QwFpLHlzQ17SRwOWgjPHJ1Uugq7XSW6niZ1Zexo+ijgkeGuOpAAb3lD9ovbp66na0txvDUOR06WWow0Oce/VavJt2ZfHXRR19XeLlTy0dppJaV84LDV1QDDG06EsiGXZxzdgBGj7jarHYqe3xPZHHDE2NjG8GgDCA9qnXOC21xsj3ioDWhzwMkDPADmgG4U20lVRRfGh3xUrcZj7I8DjkVUW30aqCXLDa9Wuoq5pLxs3emQXBoLZI2v3OuYNQw6EEjkSNMr6zXM3ika2tr7mx7dHtDYQQRx1DFnVn2J2goqozRVDg9+pD5HEeq06xWaS20kPWvDpHayuHNx4lEtkOotCKq3WokumE9drkR1crnsH8Hy/cnDdCIiwNDGgYAAwAO4BSqynaS4jTPJUVXGcObngsJyZcIJEa61hkY4txgc1mD4DU7SvDxlrHGTHHIR5XtwxzAVS2SnihvM0s7d5rmYPgEscqsMkbojR1lxqqapqJMviY7ddFIwOj3c8N08UR7KUvwkXxFI10dK8dbHFn5O8DyOV9YHTz7PVVDXwhskZAzugFwLsNz3lXNqeyiikhj1Y1xbxzjH/StExT4iAvTFUtu1pppQ36akdkHh2CMOHuAVmmz93ks9fHVQta5zDgg/Z5haNtrI6SR47O6SQRhZ6bQXEljt4DgAPxXTjlapnDli09kHf5Xlr2iVk/YcMgNS4K50J0eVSbObL7QVD2RWmhnqi/UQ7js+hxhbPsZ0GXm4fTbUSstMONIoniaY+eOy33JUPA/Ros6fYDQXF0jdXZRz0XUDq26TV0oJipAAwn/AHD/AGGfcLSLb0KbKUTfpjcao8zLU7o9mgLtLbLdZYZqa0RGKk6xzmhzy4nPPJ15KJ4XDllRyqXCIVymDC451xhBlznLi472ivr5UYDhkaoPuU+GEZ5LCRtEG75LneGUDXAl0hxwyie8SZc45yhSrccuVRG+hqjhdW19NSMGXzzMiaB3ucB/Ve8W2ymiY2IM0YAwa92i8edBtnN56ULIxzS6KllNZJ5RjeH/AO26vaBIK78KpWcGd26JFDC2OgkZG0AarKLI/dkmb3PP4rXKPWnePNY7QHcr6lndK4fetTBBEHZC4U3FwTiBiHpLdHBdKSD2ggCTkL53BJJXCU0gPlw+aSDlcPFMAd/PyH6sRVvs3tE661W42ItbzJVazZimAyWBTdm6ZlPdntiADQOQXPbTFwxu63CWC9vY13YOBhWcchcAe9DW0D//AF1xzrvBX1I7MbVrAZObwSkhmUtUwFt4Lq43gupALXy+XBlACgvl8OC+QAoaoe24ohU2Z07R9LSnrB+6dHf39EQgYXJImTRPjkGWPaWuHgUSjtFocXTsy6jOWcSrCBpzkO0Vd1T6GunpJR2oXlhPeOR9sKwhcMBeU1To77tWXNHJ2AO5Ter6xhyFT08m4rikmGACVpEAW212Lp9o7f1TyIalnagnAyWH+oPMLB73abps/WmkukBY76kjdWSDvBXq8Na4d6gXC3wz7rpaeKbcO80SsDhnyKNQ3o8px9fKd2Nj3E8gCVf2rYfae7N36O0VbmH672bjfd2F6dt1NSSw71PTxRPbo5rWAFp9lYsfJFrnI8V0wwRaswl5D/DzlB0M7VzMzKyjiPc+oGfuCRJ0N7WxdpkdJJjgGVA/qvTUUjZOW67uSuZWnwRM/nkeVKvo72xpGuL7RUPA5xFr/wACh+usl6pGk1lsrogOJfC4D3wvZS+OowdR4qX48RryJezxhZqr4SsimLsFj2kjyK9EW/Vm+05BGiK7rslYLq5z6+z0Ur3DBf1Qa4+owUOilZR1U9NGN1kTi1gPIDgufJi05N8eXcS7q4YpC/da0Ze97tAqOv2p2aooHTz1zS6McGt4nuCerKGadxnmkM0bSHMpTjdJHN3f5cELX/bO4Ub2QR2+j3jydE05+5OLpGyin/kKi6SNnqyXdf1tOOAfvbwV3Fd4ayFz6eRr2AZ3t7kgdl1vl4eY6qlpHQ8Nx0LC0eQxhXlHbIKKmEMMUUB+ZwjccE+ASlP0W4JLgv5XGSMPB+YcVS1me1z9FOmqGMp442a4brjvVTX1zIoy5xwe4rmlyXHoq59HPLsYTVltjLjUVHWBzomlu81pxva5A+5VVTXOeXPc7yVNcNoavZ+oNVSvzloaWZwCVWODfRM5pdmkbRVwtFtlqJ2wRbrR1MbTl8j9d3PcBxQTQ7QNgotwyF7yNSRqhGqvNffJ/iK55c7g1vJq2DoS6LXbRyMvV9bizxPLY4c61DhxB7mjn3rohi9GE8yYno76La7btput2qH0Fnc47ha3Mk/fu50A8Vs+zPRJslYZ2y0trFXO3BEtY7rcHvAOn3I6gjjp4WRQxsjiY0NaxgwGgcAByUmm+sV1QxqKOKWRyGWU7mtDWBrWgYAboPZK6iTw91MTNbO2lpZJn/VGg7zyCu6JB7aCpMTTSsd2iO2RyHd6oNucjWRuCtauZz3PkkcS9xJJQtd6r5jzXFkls7OrFGgeusu/vZOUJXSQhrhzV/WzAlyFbpL82q52dMQZuzz2znyQvVyZzqru6uOTqqilo57lcKaio2GSpqZGxRMHNzjgBXjXIpOkegf8K2zphtl12imZ2ql4o4Cfst7TyPXdHot5JVfs1YYNmdl7ZZ6XG5SQiMuH1ncXO9XElTl6MVSPNk7dk+gP0T/NY407l5rWjlM78VsVuOWvCxyrO7tBWgf7zvxTEi9hdoE9vaKJTu7KkNOiAOE6rjeK65JB1QOiSMYSTwXRwSHHRUhHOSTlfHguFPsB+ildPbo5pG4c9uSFCsIzdKh3cFOoW7lphH7AUHZ//NVjlzMhPgGb6/N6f++iO3uzG1Cd3fm7uP7aJ7c76MLTGWi2alhNMOicHBWwHG8F1cbwXUgFA5XVxq6gD4JQSQuoAWEoDKSEtugKuIgI6QaAwzwXKIdl2IpfP6p/EeypKSQEAgrQrpSsulJPSzaRyDAPceR9Dqsui6ylnlpagbs0TixwPeF53kwqWx2YJWqL6KTVToJQHAk6KkhkyFLglwRk6ZWMWasK6OXIxxUsjeaqOjlxoB6q2ikyMLZcmYjL6aYTQ8tCPtDuQ7NtrF+eUdmLXt3xnJHPu9kTyYcw5Q3cXWm2X23XS6sjaN/4czbuS0O4HyBW+KVOjLLG1YfMhw0EeYTw7TD3hSdyN8TJIHB8T2hzXtOQ4d4KaLN05C6TnI2RnGdV0LlSOrdvcikNdzTsY6gvbBhpq9szchs44+I0P9EZNOVWbRW38pWx8TAOub24yftDl68FllhtGi8ctWADBP173yE9SR2cc+9DdytTZpH1OofjQubw/uiJ9a1lKHuG6+LILSNQeYQ9c9og54bFulhbgnK4oJ1yd8ZECGkqY4HBjXgnOOzjXv8AALtvttbGetqpt4Hv7u4KZSX2mLH7wIDcak5CpbztVAwkNdqDpgrNo1U7JdwqXRtOCMYQjc7jvFwcfTKr7rtHJM4gHRURqJKh+BxPPKlR/RbFkKp0so+yODRzKsBsbedrq+kpbTSvmDW9ZPITusZnQZcdO9QrdRkStLwScr0x0T0jabY2CQNw6eR8hPeM4H4LqwxTZy55NIzjZnoKlikh/LN1jjLnBu5TM3iPU4H3L0Ts7s7Q7K2SmtVrEnw8Zc7Mrt5znHUuJVS04qqfPKQfiiyvd8i6VGuTk2bGVIpTqVEDk/SHJcqQiYEN7V1XbjpmnRo33efJX9VUR0tHPUzHEUTC9x8AMlZ/WVjqqR9RIN18na3e7w9FnldKi8atlbcpnNacHQaoRuUrpC7Cv7nKNdUM1krcFcUjrgUdad1rkJ3R5G+ievcC1xzqg28S6HvWZqmDdyk7R14rT/8ADFsubttpNe6iImltUeWOI0M79G+w3j7LJqouklDWAucTgAaknuXtnok2SbshsLQUDmAVkjfiKp3fK4Akegw30XTgjbswzzpUE1aQGDChB6lV7sMVdvLuo4i0trsmTyWP3fs7SV3/AN0rWLW8da8eCyW/kN2lrfGQooaLWlcd0KU06Kvo3ZYprXaJ0Askri5xykooCW35QuEBcY4FuvEL4nKErA4fBJK6SkkppATYxu22P9xV9g0bWv8ANWkgDbe0H7KrbLhtvrH+JXMZxAW5uJumc/X/AKootzuwMoRrHZuQ/eRXbT2FePo0LqI6J9pUWF2ifacrRgOgpY4JscEscFIC2rqS1KQB8F1cC6hAONXz/lwOa43inWtyVaEcp4gEE9JNmdEY7xTMyNI6gDl9l39D6LQY2JU1NFVU8tPUMEkMrSx7TzB4qMkFNUVCWrsxKinD2hWEZyoN9tM2z16lo5S50J7cEh+uzl6jgU9Syb40K8tpxdM7lK1aCCjkAaNeCtYqlvIoYbUdW3iAn6WqDnfNlaRZDCZ0oLeIwsc6Vb18btJT2umdmOib1kxB03zwHoPxRztDforNZ6mulxiJvZGfmdyHqVg8L5pYamtqnF1RUydtx7ydT5Dh6Ls8eFvYxyypUbR0MbZxwXSa1XGo6ullG7C6R+GNeMHXPDIK3Pca5gc0gtOoI4FeKm1IhaC0HMjTI49wecNH8uvstS2E21uVpYKgyudbA7fmilOesdgjdYT8jR3jiQupxs5jdbjH+juPMKtikyMFQNl9s6TaW2yGSMUVUSd2F789Y3kWkgZS6eTUjuOFDVdlIs2HCcBzlRY3ZHing7RIZmfS3STU0nx1EMCojLZgPrEc/PGPZYfXT1UgDcHI5hem9uoBNY94jJZIMeRyCsNvuz5MhlpsFvMcCCuHK9ZUdeFXGwEnnqN3DpHDTUDRVkr3FxycnvV/dLZND2nubryAUGltz5H7zgAFnsjZRKlsMsz+yCfNElrtZhY10gy468FdWWxB5GY8957lcV0DaSHDQBos5Ts0UaBunYWVPHQHOF6U6PW9XsRZhzMAd7kleb4MyVLj4E+a9J7DH/5Nsw5fDMXX45yeR0WznYmiPc8fiie5ShvVZPEIUlOJGH9ofirW9VDswAHTC66OREzr296kUMrS8gFDomdjipFDWR0zpZaqaOGFgy58jg1rR4kppAyF0u7QxWTZkU7gHS17xA0E4Abkbx9tPVUlZUBke8DkHuQX0636lvklPBbqhlRDTxfrGHs77jnQ89A1M7KbRC6bNw9a4Gphb1cg56aArDPBqOxphduiyulXvPOEO1lQXBwXbhVnrHAFQDJkElcD5O1dEKvlIicAdUFXeYku14Ilu9TuMOuNEDXGcySOAPFJKyg26BtnBtF0kURnj6ykoAa2bI0O78gPm4j2K9kmTslY3/ho2dZatiX3d4HxV1kLs8xEwlrR6neK1wu716GKOsTgyy2kV94nLIHFD7qxx5lXF71p3oaBW5mi6stUfijvHTdWdbQOH5w1R73o0t8m5UZB4hAd9fm+TnvcEvQFtRu7IU9moVTQu7HFWcb9EIY9nllJyVzivk7Akx/KF0lJi+QL7KaA+JSTwyu5TeckoCy9rGAUP8Kp7eNzZ+pf3klXV0O7QH91U0fY2VkPflcxmjN53ZuLPNFltOg8kISn/wBSblFdvdo3CvH0bMvouCkM4KHAdFKjOi0ZI8OCcZwTTSlg4UgLSm8ElfIAWF1JGV1AC4/mwpkTcFQYziRqs425KpAONAATrBgL4RuxnGiU0IJZR7X2CO/2l8OQyqiy+CX7Lu4+B4H/AMLHaaV9PI6Cdu5KwlrmnkRyW8V8jYaKZ7jgBpXnVjbjX3W6VMcEk9O2V7+saM4AP3rnz4dlsjfDk1dMuKmYln9kzSVYadTgpmGYSs14qHWEQF8pOGMG8T4Lijy6Op9WDnSTdn1VdQWtr8sB6+Qfc3P4ofr2mano6KncA6pk3W45NBwT/MfuVVNWyXG9VNWCS6Q9XGPPgrGnljZfbhU6mC1UxjYe97Rr6lzivYxQUYpHnzls7FVp3qmpfDgQxSboP7vYb96NLdTitqoqIf5OjY0SD7b8aNPgOJ8SgajpXyVVoo3HLY81c+Oe7w+8OWm2CB9HbGue3M0hL3nHFxOSt4ohlm5haw43WgcycBRh0n0Ozjnw3KV1Zu6BsQy8HuzzVbc6Ktq2kmokiJ4Nj+b3P9EH3i3s2eayorJJK2vcT1MTwHkHv4Z0SmrEnRvFP0hWEQ0b6ueWkNSBhs8ZHVk8nEaBGkbsgEEEHUHvXjSttd9vUcNZUvaGS5y17t0MHIHHBejeifaCebYW3O2jqKSmqmb0LA+doc5jNGl2vHA9sHmsGjSws2oDfyFUl31d0g+O8FnV4pYZqcv6xrneTXfiijaq/wBJUQfA0sjZGvIc+QHLcDUYI/FUkVRSGgLZ6iAuxndJB+4hcHkQk5cI68Eko8szS4UG9JuucNe+nefbBIT1vspDmhxl3e4sEY+8kq9LKP4zsCI5Oe4FEtup6ONn0b4Q53IEBc+svw6d4/pQGFtBSHDDnHPT8UJ3GaWonO6BjxKLNq5Htd1cZBJOA0AaqhZbZAGZjy52pJPDwwo1dmiaaIlBSYBJDd4rZ+iq6Mr9koKfI66iJhe3njOWn2/BZeyklhGdxrR3udgKRYbuNnboa2lqIgH9mWIu7Lx3f1BXV47kn0cudJrs2+o4DzTlwl35KceCDo9vLRUwOc9tVC8Ywx0e8T5EKovG09RdGvjpWupqUNLck/SP/oB5ar0lFs8+y4v+2MVHvRWzq55GuLXyvP0bcccd+O/gskqtqa/bi8P35nCxUJ7RaN1tQ8dw+yPv0Sdqh10MNqikLBUncke3kM5cB7AKLPUUtgtr4KdgZT0UfWyNH1n/AFGe60UEgbsl3CTrah8eg3mEtaP2T/5Q9QVs9rr5G07iC4bwbnj3j7vuX12rH0V3sLZiSXQvbKSObsHPum70w9cTD+sjIc0jv5hTOKkmmKLadhPRXdtaxrsh28eKn1D92nJzhZ9bqnqalsjHfQy64+y7mEQVtzaaY7rvReNkg4OmelCSkrKu+1o1AOShjEtRUw09MwyVVRI2GFg+s9xw0e5C+vFeQ8nUknQd6ueha1yXjpa2cinAcY6n4l7DwYyMF/4gLTDjcnZOTIkqPamy1oZYdm7XaYsFtFTMgJHNwHaPqcn1VoTgElcbqMpqV/ILuRxFdd/8q/KGc6InuutG/wAkK50VS6BD0D912Qge9OzdZT4ox3sZKCby7Nwlx3pJXEPZZ0DuwFaRuVLb3DdVrEdEIZLBXcptjkrKAJMR+jXSdEiE9hKcdFSEJXy5nK6gC/v3Zon4+yqOr+j2RB4ZCvNphu0Un7qpL8Or2RpwOYC5nwRHszB7s3MeCLLc7ACDQ7NyRdbz2Qrx9I1Zf050ClxqDTnQKWwrRiJIKWE0w5CdCkBYcupscU4gBTSviVwaL46oA4HAOHgVeUresY3d5ofk8FaWOp34yw/M1UgL5jcNwVx8QIJxqlRuDhxT26SNNQnyIzPpdrp6KwObTuLS8hjiO4oK6LrxcIpHUVDStmaDkuOm6tV6RbKbvs7VRRNzNu5b5hYRsxfavZWunLYcuPZcx2hBCuPKEydtfSHZi9time11NVkvhdwLddWHlkZ9QgLb7aCN1G230Mm/NN+t3fqN7j4nuWv2WmpukCw3ijujo3V0uTB3xPHyEeuh8152qbRUU1bM2OFzZ2PLJIxxa4HB078hYrBFT2LWV60x7ZqBsVU+eUAx0cZmcT3gf+Fy1scNn4zJ+tudW0vzzY0mR34KbV0pgsc8MQdv1krKdveWDG8fuKsJ6URXe20LAAKaAaftSPDf+IculKjKy02UoTU3yumezLGbsAzyDQM/eSj+OMAtI4AcFB2ftvwtHvE9uRxedOOTlWzY/wDoK0RNioYWayvwGt18PNDNqpKa5PqLxVgBk5IiLvqQNOnlnBcfRWO2dU+j2anEJImqS2lix9p5xn0GUmoooPyRFZw90QmpizeZxADdfUhIAQhp3bROkrpQ6C2Pf1dLE3QuiGmfNx1PhhWNwtVHb64MkgfNHcI2sbE3/RLToR/fwVhs9AyW5iMAMpaaMRxx50ACILoWveGgN3gMZA1AKVDK2OkdVGZlPL1T2YALm7zSRx0UKWmr277Hzwh7RndMPL+ZEtsgELHDUZ5KLtE6ljha+pO4Y+014duuB80xA98JWSfK6B3f9GR/VN1NNLDFlz4HPxjdax2fuKp7ntu+JzoLZTtldwB1OfVVsEO1m0DnHrzRUzj2t0bqmkBZzTy0ozUOpojnILp9138uMqbRVRqjindUTDPzDsj71y0bB09K5stQTVVHEvlOfuRJ8EKaIue4MhYMnAwAEKK9ord/pVXalqo7U80sTPiHnAc86NHMknkEJ7O2Kor6gztq3yxNdiS4OGjjzbA06Y73n0RU+GS+EPq96G0MPZizh1Rjme5v4q6pWh4DYg1kLGhrWtGMDuVar0K7IsdHTUFE4tbuQxt3i8nJPeSSo9FUkW81kmQZf1TMagckzfJfyhcI7TTvxDHiWrfnRrRwafNIM3x9W1sIAhjw1rcclQ0NMosSR1UjN6UF26HciRhBm1Dmz3m12WJxd1k4qqp32sHOq0q4FkNBI0nt47Oiyige6a73e7T/AOnvsYSPst/uVLCxG1snxdXbnsdq+EubjlnUKa2oFZQsmHzPjB8nhUMsrn0VklGS4U4PsSrC2vax9VTZwAetjP7LtVCEIl+ja+eIfROGXMzjB8PFQauuPVt+miYHDPbeBj04pO0M5paYk47bstaTx/8A4hGWUySF5GM8AOSwzRjLs1hKUSyqK1rHuMLuslOnWEYDR+yP6rcf8Jtkkderjf5YyY42fBxOP2nYc/HoGj1WAUUE1XVRU9NE6WeV4jYxo1c4nAHqSF756Odlodj9jbZZmbplgj3p3tHzzO1effTyAUxXpA3YVvkOMAppJyQvi7RXRJGuJzSvHghQnGUV1utM/wAkJPOpRLoI9n0h+jPkgi7n9NlPijKQ/Ru8kEXV36ZKiP8AiP2T7e7Qaq2idjmqG3nO7qrmE6cUhk5hyl5UZhOU7koAmU7uyUsuBGiZpvkKWVSA7nC+LtElcJ0U2xBDtW79DkHgqPbB25sxSt72hW+1Lv0cjnlUe3jurslI3wCwl0RHsy+I5uRRdbjoEGUr83F+O9F9uOgV4+kbMIKc9nipsfDiq6mOQp0TloySUwp1qYYU6DhSA4lByQF1AC8rjikr5ACX8CmaaqNLUtk+rzTrteKgVbSWOA44VIA4o6yGoYDC9pOOAKsWSjd1OF5TtW2ly6PekSrdtE6aSzVjh1b9S2P0XpC1XSg2htrKi3VUcsUjQ5rmOzlJMTVCdrb8y0UTiWhznjDRnigAbK0NxoKm53JwEsgLtDoESbR7HVF1qo3urnCNjcBqrn7D3CWMQPuchpx9UALZUkSwE2AoZ4drKd1EXFoyH45tUHp/2XNq2nhu9K0xw3JuXOHATNHaB8xg+627ZLZSlsRdI3Mk7uL3cUnpRsI2l2MuFG1gdUxt+IpzjUSMyQPUZHqk2r4Cjy9Q05qa+ia8ZEDDK7I5k4H/AHwU2yWw3LaesqCMxMnDc/sxsx+LipFjjaaQStb23gA+nAIm2YoRSUr3u1dI5zjjzWtGdln1eNGgADTAS2jK+z2dAu4HHPBNOgTB7advxV7sVGdWsc+pcPLDR+JSK+Zw2zoY2aiOAuPcpD/pdrS9wz1VK0A+biU/c4on19PVYLJYhuh+dC08WlAxptHJQ1r6mlAkifneZ9bHgpcUzZ3ZZguGpB0cPMKtmbLUEtaHdYODgNMKrq664UZ+mpxM3iCc5HqgVhpDIWh0jgAxozlBtzoK3aKvfvOMdIDjPePJRjteN10NRTPa0/Zf/wCFMp9p4GRYjpy2Ngz86AJdv2bpKJoLIQ8ji5w4q0Do6aPL9yONvMnAQn+cN1uUhjs9Dkf7j/lHvop1HZpnSNnv9b1z+IjBw0eCLoVl3BU/F5kjO5TNzmR2m95KLVltZuvm7NGzWON3+qftO8PDmnamRvVtc4NbA35Y+TvHyTEMb613WygiPl4ppWAtgfVPy75fZOXKq+ApAIG71Q87sbBzKlERwRF5zujlxQdtVeTbxka3GcFsbf8Abaefmm2NESrnNOX22jf1lTM/fqZxrvO7vIIms9J8DSb0g5ZVLsfaCxnxVVl0ju1k96n3y44xTwka5GnNIY1caz4mVwAJaDw8EGbThtBs/XQR6OleScH7WP7IsjYGRbzzgjn3Ib2pi+LoX4+ZoSAF5YhFS21gGC2LdPuVIEbt2CUZJbljvI8PYpd2a0VFK0ZLRHve5USqrhR07zkF5GAMrPopA5f6qSprS0nebGN0efNVe6Qp754pS98rPpe8cCo27nx7gOJWD7LRrX+GzZ9tdtZLe54w+K1NDog4adc7O6fQAnzwvULrpUnmAgTon2YOy2xVHRyx7tbMPiarv6xwHZ/hGB6FF26fFCtDJJuVT9oJJuNTj51HLHdxSdxx5FPZhQ8+sqHgh0mhUM6lPdU/7JSepefqnKVthQy/5HeSBLscVky0B0Dy0jd5IAvjTHXShwwcJx6oBVvk4K7p36YQ3QSaNV3Tv5oAs2OKdDiokbwnWuQBYUjstd5p0uCj0h7LsJ4klNC9nchJJxySS5JyUwL/AGoaeraO9w/FUPSU/coaNnh/RGFxpX1sTWkAEEHKBulqTcFIzPALmn0KC5MxoXZrnnxRjbXIHtrs1Tz4o0tzuC0h0WEFOdNFYRHVVdO7gp8TlYic1OtOVGY7xToPiEmBIC6CmmvHeF0SD7QSAdX2U2ZB3hJMrRxcECsWVGlHFOGePHzBMSzxYPbCoYFdI2z9PfLDVRTsBeGktdzBHBea9k9tr9sVcH/kmsc1jXkPgfrG7B7uXmF6X6Q77BaNnKuoJ3iGnAHM8l5t2N2Xl2iujp6zMdNv77z9rVQzSKtcnojo+/xBwXZjIbzbKmCXgZYxvxn14ha1Qbc2SsjD2Vcbc8nHH4rBKeit1rpRFSMY0NGMgaqBVVceHDBPkEbGdHpWTa+xwxl8lwp2t7y8AIcu3TBsdbI3vfd6aQs4tjdvH7l5wrXxVUMkMsb3McMcFmNbZp6aoqI4Y5HRk6HdRugUWb3aaiiujZqyzkuoamokfT7wxhpccDHLCKjiGnDW6AANCBOh+nfFsrRRyggxmQkEajLjj+qN6h+ZY2A+K64u0YNUxZID2tGRga6L57gAePokvdiQkE5x5piSTORk5KqhFVvY2jqDrrAwfipdSN8a6jgVAqvo7+xx134APYqe85Zva+SpKgKaeaqtrt4MdLB66JcF+pJxuvmMZH1JW7wz5q0bhzMHB8CqyusdJVZ7Aa49yGgHjT0lS3e6mnlzzjd/RR6yGx0Q36kRbw13N7eJPkFUT7PVtNk0u/M08GgqdZ9kRvCouQZvHXqxr96QD8V2qa7ENrpephGgO7hTPhWUg62smdNM7g0nRWcr4bfTksYxm7wAHNUlOJbhUull4EppAP0sLqx/WTuJYDo1W+A0ANxgJETRHEGgtwFHrqqOmppaieUNiiaXOPcE+gK7ae9Q2a3Oqqh2875Yo/tOQXstbam73B90uW85zzkAnQKFT/EbZ381s2WUEbsQxnhjvR+OqttHus3RuhRdjFXSsZQUZawgHG6EP26N1VP1jznu1UKWZ1xreJDAeSJKaNtJREgDIb3J9giHXubHGWg6cVSVTsg5A7Q5KVWSOlqt0O4dyr60hpII15KRg5XZZUkvPaAwM9yG7o50u8HndwRoeaJ7swSRk93E+CGaqMsiaJDv4cS155juWci4lU4YKKejZlM3aikrbhTuqKSicJ3RgZD3j5AfDOvohjV8mG65OF6D6I9m7PTbHQT3WSH4ure6YhzhlreDR7DPqudujWEdmErulhupbbpTnvx/dQ6npfdC3Jtj8eY/urk27ZZmcy038wTb6bZIN7UtIR4kKd/+kafGvxlFH0v1M4PU20j954C+d0qXIk7lvb6vV02TY6LhNSD1C+Ny2QZxmpMeiTn/AGgWP+mD7+k+8n5KKMfxZ/ooFX0p7QRv3W0TD5Z/sip1/wBj48/T0/oE27ajY9g/WQ/yJrL/ANFLG/8AUFG9JW08oyKWMeGCuQbRV9ZM+W7sLC4YaGtIH3on/PPZNjtHs9GKJtNtrsxWUjI6V3bHPq8KXmX+w1hb9Ea33BoGdx3qrqC5tA+UoEbtLa4z+se4Duan27ZWxo0Ep/hWf2EV9dh8y6AD5ClfljHCN3ss/O3NA0dmGZ3om3dINGB/lZU/sIX12bBYao1cb3buNeasydcLHdnOkqAXCOmipngTODSTyWsRVQlYHDgdVvjmpLgwyY3B8jpC4kB+vFcDs5wrMwcG1W2jhpSU7f8A8hQ1tVVbT18kctxZC1gHBhJP3oRk6Sr48lrGwgeqiVe215rG4ndHgDkF58s3B1Q8ZrllpQvqYZ3B2mSiqhq5wBqsuN9rd4neGe/CWNorlwbPj0Qs7XBr8CZs9PWT6dpT4quXm9YK/aO57x/Sng+CbO0N0P8A76X3VfYf4H11+noZlZIOLx7pfx+OMzR5ledHXq5vBBrp/wCZNi415BLqyoP8ZS+yx/VX6ekG3BvOoaP4lx1xjacmqYB+8vOTayqdneqZz/GUr4iYk/TSkeLipfktehrxV+nol11pvrVcf8yadeKMfNWxj+JefcuIy57j/EV885boTnzS+2/wf1I/pvr75bwNa2L+ZRpNoLYMg10X8ywcBwBGqkRRbzeal+VIPrRNS2huFnuVE+GWqieDyzlDdqFsoSWsqmhmeDeCFeqaOICcYxrDoAs35MnyaLDFKjQW3KzbmswcfBcF2so4uz5tQQwZbponG4A45S+zIa8eIZG72UDQZ/hTRvFlAOWH+RCeRwOV3sEHLuCS8mY/ggjTbBLDNb+upWuETyQ0EY4J5zt6sxgaABM2Om+Ds9JA4neDN52e86n8Vyldv1UhPfoV9DhvRWeHkrZ0SMjrX50TDe07Q5yV1zgHvJSaYAyDOcZWqMytvILLpSyZ7IOPRTwMjsnRQL72p2kakOUuJxc0EYKYxwDHHVda0OPAhJyRy1wnInDmNfNAD8DANdcDklySNa0lxAaOZTJfpgZPgFT3+sLI/hmO7Tvm1+5AEWvqXV9Zus/VjQAHj4q3oo+ohDdVVWik3W9Y7irYk5a1oJJSQCiS46ad57lmW213kv13ZZLc/wDRIzmZ7T8xV/0ibRNtNF+T6M71fUDdJH1QVA2C2fFHTmrqiesf2iSpfPA0vYQWakhtVsja3s4bjCo71XPq5xBHkZ0T+0F2yXxQuGBpooVnpHuJleMvdrklL+gLSyUW5oGnI7ipN8qOqg3TkDgQpUTWwQZ3SD3oYvE/WzhjXZA1wmCOUbd8PldkZ1Cq6uQyTHXONNFoOyuzRroA/cPaCn3DY+Cm+ZmCs3NItRMfq2ua35S5pacjCoa23StyyMSE9wyR962uTZ6mbqchNssNG4nIdlYvIUkYjarNVz1scTKd4Mjt3JGABzKNHWSvjaAIHFg07Ls4WixWOjYQWNcD35Vvb7LAT8hJ48VzZcSydnRizPF0jIRaK3BxTyLn5Hrv/ppCPJejYrNQiBhexu8QOSW20W/GjG+y5/pf2dH3f6PNr7XVga00nso01FLGO3A5o78L0dVWWk5Rj2QjtPaoBTPLGa4OAApfiteyo+Yn6MX6tmM7oyvsAZ4eycqxJHUSMFPLo48Ao7RMc/o8vssfil+HQs0GuzjgCdSPZfdU0jU6LhhqXaink9QuCmqOdO9V8chfLAcaxmOzldMbcaOPsmhBV8qd/uudRWjhTn1KSxTD54fo7uNxq4eyaewdzSPJJdT15/8Ab/eqa51tTQTCOeLdcRkDKqOGbJfkQRf2oNju1I8ADEgOi9B2er3oW66YXlq1XeSW50rS0YMjRx8V6Ps7wGR4OdAu3x4OHDOLyJqfKC9jweBTgcRwVfTvy3RSmvOOS6TmPLVPcoJHYZTVMh7ma/gFa0cNZV/5WyXaXxbA4j/ivTsAEUf0YDARnDBu/gpUeXE7znkDPFx/7zVaR/A2Z5wpdldoqluYtm7qB3vYGf8ALCt4OjnaeZg3bdHA4/79TGMeeCVvbA3eB3Wkk9ydaTg40wSNE9I/hO7/AExeh6Jb1KP0yst0OmoZvyH/AIgK6g6HKRsbnV90kkAbnEVO1v3klajE4kDXXVRLs9wtspBxwGniUnCP4CnL9PMG2Noj2evUlIyUywEB8TyNS3Xj4ghU7J240DseS0yroYbhX1c9W3rJOuc0E8gDgAey7HZ6LQdUFxT8ZNs7I+VJKjNDO3k13svm1DvqxSHx3VqTLPRf7QT7LPR/7aleKh/bf4ZYyd/OGT2SxI8j9TJ7LVRaKMHSNPNtFJgfRoXixF9uRlLHycoJSfJRa69stzg2oilaTqMhbOyz0ZH6tZR03UEFHUW8wNI3g4FH1ILsF5c3wU8W1EFRI2KKCR0jjgBWrZK48KCRCWwEDJ9rrbHIMsdJqPRemWWaj1xGmvExsb8qaMaZJct3AoD7pwC6HhRD+ZbK2z0f+396ejs1F/tKvpwI+1MxYQ3d3ClYPMqdZLVc6u60kVRFG2AyAyEHOGjU/gtibZ6Mf6STU0NPSx78LAHHIyqh4eOyZeVOuyLM8EOOmOSgW86uOuU/UEiB7hx3UxbR2HFemujhs+lfh5zplO0eM7yhSuJOfFTaIAtdkclQFbczvP4aDmnqT9WNT6Jmt1kI5J2AYYl2hj/hkrrQRnByktGqmUTGufkjOBlHQrI9VK2hpjI79Y4aeCHKaF1XVGWTUZzqpl9lfJUYcdMpy3tAjaRzCV2MlsaGMw3A8lGv91g2ftL6uocOtIxG3PEqfSNBk1GcarIekCtnuG07aWpeTBGRutGiTdAuWK2XttVtHeZLnXguy/e7Xcja/wByjoaf4eDsnGNCpFqgjobAHU7Q1xZxQVO91RcXGUk6pLgbJVupnVUvWSDOTnVFFHAI29kahQ6GNrI27oVizSMkccIER7hMWsd2hgBC8LjNVuLuA4FWV5leIjgqvtmjM9/FAI3Ho0DXUkTTqi+/2gVNI4sAyBlAnRjI50Ma16nAdCc66Lmb/kzaPR522iq56GSWIjdc3vVTbblPUSgHdwjPpapYmVIka3DjnKzmzEio0KlqxoNoXybupCINnnl84a7VDsJJaFfbNn9LHmtUkkRYXmmDjnROMgDWp5fclIFPdHbsZwhyeI1MZYOKIrtwKqKIZnAPBZT7LiCkuybpJXvONTngkfmg7nhacyFhYCRquthZ3K9ULajMPzPPePZffmge8LT+pZngkmFmOCFBApGZ/mf4/ck/mf4/ctLMTO5cELO5P4x2Zs3Y4cz9yyXposX5Kr6F7eErHD2XqPqmDksP/wASMTA20OA13nj7lEo6qyocujDrS3duVKTykb+K9MWd2Yo8dy82Ug/S4f3x+K9JWH/Kw/uhLG7ZeRVwE1ITgdyns4KBT8ApjOC1Mj//2Q==
