##The day before the siege, I took my mother and left Wuhan

Weixin Quanmingushi

Functional Introduction, in fact, everyone's story is breathtaking.

“
Mother often says these days, "I am really homesick, leave Wuhan you won't blame me. "

“

Mother often says these days, "I am really homesick, leave Wuhan you won't blame me. "

The 437th story of the plan for all the people --

One

My mother is sixty years old this year. It was summer when she came to Wuhan. After half a year's adjustment, she was basically used to the life in the south.

There was a lot of old news in the city, and in those early days, my mother would walk on the Yangtze River Bridge in high spirits, and she would say, "this is the Yangtze River. " As she walked around Yellow Crane Tower, she would say, "this is the landmark of Wuhan. ".

People to the age of 60 before going on a long journey, the hearts of most of the miss is hard to leave their homeland, Nostalgia. Mother is no exception, those born in the soil of the plant has always been her favorite.

Living in the city, I always want to let my mother well-being, but I know, the countryside is not idle. Needlework without a hoe, or your hands are as empty as a basket of water. Because all day doing nothing, day after day, Mother said get a job, otherwise too boring.

Mother's several entreaties, I can not escape.

During a free time in August, I had my mother assigned to a cleaning job at the Kelehee hotel near Zhonghua road. Eight hours a day. Not much, but it's a fair wage. With years of rural life, short-term training and probation, she officially became a cleaner at the Kelehee hotel in October.

The Yangtze River Bridge taken while showing my mother around the gate | by the author

It was the evening of January 16th when she first felt the gravity of the situation. She went shopping at the Zhongbai Supermarket and came back to meet Li Ayi, whose daughter is a surgeon at the Huazhong University of Science and Technology. According to her, there have been more than 40 confirmed cases of pneumonia in Wuhan.

After getting the news, I simply called the Property Management Department of the hotel manager, hope that the mother at home to rest.

Manager Fang is in a dilemma. He said there were only three people at the moment, and that there were no shifts and no short-term breaks.

Mother because of face, and afraid to increase the burden on me, repeatedly asked to work on time. After that, the matter was put to rest. Every morning, my mother and I go out with a reminder.

One week before the Spring Festival, I made a request to the leadership, planning to return to Shandong home for the New Year on January 22. The boss agreed. I bought two tickets for wuhan-qingdao flight on the Internet that day. The departure time was 8:05 pm on January 22.

After dinner, I explained my schedule to my mother. Mother had a smile on her face. For the first time to leave home, to hear the news will be hard to hide the heart of joy.

But turned around, my mother told me, you have been busy for a year, also did not buy a new dress, free at night, accompany you to go out for a walk. I promised the mouth, but in the heart thought, the epidemic is more serious, this time is not to go out is nothing to find trouble.

My mother read my mind, and then said, wait until home to buy it is also too late. Mother's idea I can understand, the new year to wear new clothes is the tradition of the Spring Festival, Shandong home without pneumonia, time to buy a piece of clothing should not be difficult.

Two

On January 19, my mother came home from work and told me, with some anxiety, that no one was staying at the hotel. This morning, a colleague in the Housekeeping Department developed fever. The hotel had sent her home to be quarantined.

My heart tightened and I felt that the situation had reached a very serious level.

I immediately called Chief Chin at the hotel and explained the reason. General Qin agreed to my request, promised to let my mother stay at home, do not go to work.

I worried about the shortage of spare masks on my way home, so I contacted a friend who worked at the Maria Maternity and Child Care Center and asked her to bring some back for me, but such a trivial wish was no longer possible.

January 22nd, with anxiety and anxiety, we made it to departure day.

After breakfast, my mother and I packed our bags and cleaned our room. On the windowsill tiger pelan moved to a corner against the wall of the bedroom, mother deliberately poured water. Outside the window, the traffic of the past was almost gone, and the passers-by on the street became more and more rare.

Before noon, the Unit Work Group issued a notice, please go to the activity room to get N95 masks. An hour later, I sent a wechat message to my colleague, Xiao Deng, asking if she had returned the mask. She said it's been distributed to the department, so if I'm not on my way, I can pick it up from her.

Soon, I drove back downstairs to work, just in time for lunch in the cafeteria, most of my colleagues had already left the office. I exchanged a few words with Deng and asked when she would return home for the New Year. She said the train would leave on January 23 at 9:24 am. I told her to take precautions on her journey.

After getting the mask, I went back to the community at 1:00 pm. After 8:00 p. m. , according to the plan to wait two hours in advance, I discussed with my mother, 4:00 departure is not early or late. The words did not fall, my mobile phone text message rang, opened to see, my heart immediately nervous, the same journey elong sent a text message hint: affected by the epidemic, the airport need to leave Han people for temperature testing, please arrive three hours in advance, so as not to delay the journey.

Mother felt a little flustered when she heard this. I calmed down and comforted her. There was plenty of time. Everything was going according to plan. But she was worried about the traffic and insisted on leaving immediately.

From my mother's point of view, the vast Wuhan, with its COVID-19 lurking everywhere, was the only safe place to be. I listened to my mother's advice, in the absence of lunch, with luggage called a car with my mother to Wuhan Tianhe Airport Catch Up.

The road to the airport was good, except for a few minutes of congestion at the subway line 2 Jinyintan hospital station. With the masks on, I didn't talk much with the driver and kept my distance, which made me feel a little uncomfortable.

Arriving at the airport just after two o'clock in the afternoon meant we had to wait six hours in the departure lounge.

The airport was sparsely populated, and the scattered passengers were unusually quiet. As far as the eye could see, the blue and white masks neatly covered half the face, leaving only a pair of eyes between them.

I went to the counter to check in my boarding pass and luggage, and after the whole process was over, I settled my mother in her seat and went to KFC nearby to buy a convenience package. When I got back, there was no one to eat in the empty terminal.

My mother said she was hungry. I handed KFC to her, but she pushed it back. Before I left, I put a bag of chocolate in my backpack, took one out and handed it to my mother. She looked around, quickly lifted her mask a crack from under it, and pushed the chocolate down her chin into her mouth.

Three

Time passed slowly, and everyone waited in difficulty for his flight.

I turned on my cell phone, and with it came the news of the epidemic and the urgent appeals for medical supplies from major hospitals. As of 3 p.m. on Jan. 22,440 cases of pneumonia and nine deaths had been confirmed in COVID-19.

The outbreak has progressed faster than I expected, and the increase in deaths has taken me by surprise. It was a war without guns, and in the years since I settled in Wuhan, I have never felt more terrified than I do today.

Shortly before 7:00 p.m. , my mother and I went to the security checkpoint. Outside the security gate, two medical workers in white protective clothing hold electronic thermometers and stand about five meters from the gate.

Security check passengers line up in turn, walked to the gate will be subconsciously leaned forward, forehead exposed, with the medical staff to test body temperature, followed by a second luggage security check.

A quick look before boarding a plane

It was the first time my mother had ever been on an airplane, and every step, every procedure, required me to demonstrate it, and she went through it my way.

Fortunately, the mother's understanding ability is not bad, security check, she took the wallet, Cell Phone, keys and put them into the basket, and so on after the security check again put away.

On the way to the gate, I took out my phone and took a picture of my mother. The mother wearing a mask half a face, fixed eyes looked at me, serious with a trace of easy-going.

The journey from Wuhan to Qingdao took less than two hours, and it took more than half a day to board the plane. At half past seven, we found our seats on the plane and sat down. At that moment, the feeling of being on the edge of the seat finally eased.

Through the windows on both sides of the fuselage, the night lights flicker in the distance over Wuhan, the airport ground from time to time the roar of the motor.

The mother said the outbreak was only temporary and that it would be over soon. I prayed in my heart that when the vacation was over, I would return to the city as usual, eating hot dry noodles and roasted wheat wrapped in oil cakes, and occasionally sending two boxes of Wuhan Specialty Week Black Duck to my classmates back home.

But my wish is like a dream that I wake up, broken in the sky of my hometown.

It was after 10 p.m. when the plane arrived at its destination. Qingdao at night is still emitting a lively atmosphere. Walking in the street, the face of full of local accent, friendly mixed with a little melancholy. At this time the Qingdao long-distance bus station has locked the door, transfer home is no longer possible.

I planned to stay in Qingdao for the time being, and was going to take the coach from Qingdao the next day and go back to my hometown in Weifang, but there was no better way.

My mother agreed, and I booked a hotel nearby and stayed the night before heading home.

Checked in and checked in at 11:30. Neither lunch nor dinner was eaten, and mother was already too hungry. I took the cool KFC out of the backpack, handed my mother a hamburger, finished eating, have and clothes to sleep.

I always think, in such a difficult moment, it is not easy to come back safely, so after falling asleep, the faint mind forgot everything.

Four

Mother usually gets up early, but she wakes up later the next day.

When I woke up, I saw the news of the city closure in Wuhan: from 10:00 am on January 23, Wuhan bus, subway, ferry and long-distance passenger transport were suspended, the airport and railway station were temporarily closed from the Han corridor, the resumption time will be announced later.

Looking at this news, I want to cry without tears, like a nightmare, the mood is extremely bad.

I got up from bed, told my mother, Wuhan closed, Bus Stop, railway station, airport is also closed, we boarded the last bus out of Wuhan.

The mother was silent. Finally, she asked me when I would be back.

I shook my head, sitting on the head of the bed, like a pool of stagnant water.

After leaving the hotel, my mother and I took a long-distance bus and taxi, and finally returned to Liujiazhuang, a small village located in the south-central hinterland of Ludong Peninsula.

However, the pressures that lie ahead of us also come with them. On the morning of New Year's Eve, the atmosphere of ringing out the old and ringing in the new is brewing in every household, and the pneumonia epidemic has not yet spread in the home.

At that time, the village committee called, asking me and my mother from Wuhan Home trip, then, the community, the hospital, the town Party Committee police station phone calls, I reported the whole trip route, my mother again panic.

New Year's Eve night, firecrackers from the window from time to time, but we did not as usual, the festive atmosphere and with the bland party also came to an early end.

The first day of the first lunar month, in accordance with the customs of the home, before dawn, eat dumplings, between the people will go to visit friends and relatives. Mother didn't get up early and didn't open the door. Third uncle called, mother made an explanation, third uncle did not care, think the epidemic in Wuhan, more than 1000 kilometers away from Shandong, there is no need to be so careful.

Mother adhere to their own principles, the first day of the new year locked the door, did not let anyone come to the home new year.

On the second day of the first lunar month, the village issued an emergency notice, outsiders are not allowed to enter, people out of all registration. Fengcun, a strange word intruded into everyone's ear.

| | | | | | | | | | | 

My mother works in a hotel, and she only gets five days of annual leave. However, the trend of the epidemic spread much faster than I had expected. My scheduled flight from Qingdao to Wuhan on Jan. 28 was canceled, and I rescheduled three times, all without success.

I told my mother it was too late to return to the city.

In the evening, my uncle sent me two bundles of noodles and a dozen pancakes from the end of a bamboo pole next door. The mother breathed a sigh of relief and finally solved the problem of eating.

Over the next few days, the days began to fall asleep. I wake up every day and spend most of my time standing in a yard with only four corners of the sky, apart from checking my temperature and reading old books.

Living in seclusion but unable to keep it simple, we fall into a perpetual silence. Even if there is a magpie call out of the window, I can not help but look out to find the source of the sound.

After 14 days of home quarantine, on the morning of February 5, I received a notice from the village committee to lift the quarantine.

Open the door to sign the moment, the face of the cold wind blowing in the face, health, as if the Yellow River ice has melted, the long winter is disappearing.

I don't blame anyone. I can't complain. We are all victims of the epidemic.

I only hope that those who are in Wuhan will live bravely.

Looking at the cold scenery outside, I suddenly want to eat a bowl of hot and dry noodles, go to the restaurant opposite the Qing River Hotel, the boss said, her family's soya-bean milk is free.

Call for

We want to use the national story project as a platform, to give you an idea of every part of Hubei: Wuhan, Huanggang, Ezhou, yellowstone, Xiaogan, Xiangyang, Jingzhou, Jingmen, Suizhou, Suizhou, Suizhou, Suizhou, New Orleans, New Orleans, New Orleans, New Orleans, Shennongjia, New Orleans, New Orleans, New Orleans, New Orleans, New Orleans, New Orleans, New Orleans, New Orleans, New Orleans, New Orleans, New Orleans, New Orleans, New Orleans, New Orleans In every county, in every town.

You in Hubei can tell us about your experience.

Whether it's a message or a picture, it can be sent directly to us from the public account of the National Story Project.

Hopefully, this time, we can get through this together.

Call for

We want to use the national story project as a platform, to give you an idea of every part of Hubei: Wuhan, Huanggang, Ezhou, yellowstone, Xiaogan, Xiangyang, Jingzhou, Jingmen, Suizhou, Suizhou, Suizhou, Suizhou, New Orleans, New Orleans, New Orleans, New Orleans, Shennongjia, New Orleans, New Orleans, New Orleans, New Orleans, New Orleans, New Orleans, New Orleans, New Orleans, New Orleans, New Orleans, New Orleans, New Orleans, New Orleans, New Orleans In every county, in every town.

You in Hubei can tell us about your experience.

Whether it's a message or a picture, it can be sent directly to us from the public account of the National Story Project.

Hopefully, this time, we can get through this together.

We want to use the national story project as a platform, to give you an idea of every part of Hubei: Wuhan, Huanggang, Ezhou, yellowstone, Xiaogan, Xiangyang, Jingzhou, Jingmen, Suizhou, Suizhou, Suizhou, Suizhou, New Orleans, New Orleans, New Orleans, New Orleans, Shennongjia, New Orleans, New Orleans, New Orleans, New Orleans, New Orleans, New Orleans, New Orleans, New Orleans, New Orleans, New Orleans, New Orleans, New Orleans, New Orleans, New Orleans In every county, in every town.

You in Hubei can tell us about your experience.

Whether it's a message or a picture, it can be sent directly to us from the public account of the National Story Project.

Hopefully, this time, we can get through this together.

By Bai Liu, a newspaper columnist

Editor | Pu Moshi

▼

The national story project is looking for anyone with a story

Tell the story you care about and send it

tougao@quanmingushi.com

Once the story was published, it was paid 300-1,000 yuan for each thousand words

Please support the National Story Project, Click here

Go to "discover"-"take a look" browse "friends watching"

Sent

####Send it to take a look

Sending

A scan of wechat
Pay attention to the account


-------------
title: The day before the siege, I took my mother and left Wuhan
source: quan-min-gu-shi-ji-hua-（-ge-ti-）
authors: _
editors: _
proofreader: _
photographer: _
translator: _
via: https://github.com/2019ncovmemory/nCovMemory
link: https://mp.weixin.qq.com/s/N1Y2t9imFgsWgWQCI7SBOg
archive: https://archive.is/Uty7Q
snapshot: https://github.com/2019ncovmemory/nCovMemory/blob/master/archive/jpg/693.jpg
lead: We are all victims of the epidemic.
cover: data:image/jpeg;base64,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
