##All these strange calls have been linked to new pneumonia

Wechat, renwumag1980

Feature Introduction, the best Chinese character report

Yang Pu (not his real name) is a police officer in Hubei Province. His county-level city is about 50 kilometers from Wuhan and has a population of one million. Before the outbreak became clear, a large number of residents had traveled to and from Wuhan, including migrant workers returning from the city for the Lunar New Year.

When the outbreak point and the hard-hit areas were locked in Wuhan, a large number of eyes were also attracted. One side of the small county has become a busy "dark under the lamp. ".

The city was closed at 10 a.m. on Jan. 23, and in the afternoon, roads and traffic in Yangpu's county-level city were closed. Like all medical staff, cops like Yangpu are on the front lines to prevent and control the outbreak. They work 24 hour shifts outside the hospital building where the COVID-19 patients are being treated, at the intersection of the city's highways, checking for suspected infections, and at the same time dealing with the city's petty but necessary tasks, some even make people helpless and laugh, such as the passer-by does not wear a mask to report, after the city gradually tense family relations and so on.

Protective materials are scarce, and most of the time they have to wear a thin mask to catch people trying to break into the card. By February, they had protective clothing that could only be worn in high-risk places like hospitals and checkpoints, "all disposable, and doctors wear diapers underneath. ". "Are you wearing them, too? "I asked. "We can't. Don't drink water when you're on duty. Only when you're laid off. "although seemingly strong, but also the fear around them, the funeral van pulled the deceased passed by, Yanpu will subconsciously identify the direction of the wind, afraid of the virus with the wind to attach themselves.

Here's what Yangpu had to say:

Yang Pu (not his real name) is a police officer in Hubei Province. His county-level city is about 50 kilometers from Wuhan and has a population of one million. Before the outbreak became clear, a large number of residents had traveled to and from Wuhan, including migrant workers returning from the city for the Lunar New Year.

When the outbreak point and the hard-hit areas were locked in Wuhan, a large number of eyes were also attracted. One side of the small county has become a busy "dark under the lamp. ".

The city was closed at 10 a.m. on Jan. 23, and in the afternoon, roads and traffic in Yangpu's county-level city were closed. Like all medical staff, cops like Yangpu are on the front lines to prevent and control the outbreak. They work 24 hour shifts outside the hospital building where the COVID-19 patients are being treated, at the intersection of the city's highways, checking for suspected infections, and at the same time dealing with the city's petty but necessary tasks, some even make people helpless and laugh, such as the passer-by does not wear a mask to report, after the city gradually tense family relations and so on.

Protective materials are scarce, and most of the time they have to wear a thin mask to catch people trying to break into the card. By February, they had protective clothing that could only be worn in high-risk places like hospitals and checkpoints, "all disposable, and doctors wear diapers underneath. ". "Are you wearing them, too? "I asked. "We can't. Don't drink water when you're on duty. Only when you're laid off. "although seemingly strong, but also the fear around them, the funeral van pulled the deceased passed by, Yanpu will subconsciously identify the direction of the wind, afraid of the virus with the wind to attach themselves.

Here's what Yangpu had to say:

By Penché

Editor, sugar maple

1

The calls aren't what they used to be. In the past, it was theft, fraud, picking quarrels and other criminal or public order cases. Now it's all about masks. Now it's all about which house is noisy, which house is playing cards, and all the strange police are related to the new pneumonia.

We were close to Wuhan, an hour's drive away, and tens of thousands of people had returned before the city was closed. In the early days of the city, people in every district were required to wear a mask to get around. A lot of the calls back then came from people on the street who didn't wear masks, said they didn't have masks, so I called you guys. When we went there, we had to put some face masks on him in the police car.

There was this retarded guy, and he had a mask, but he wouldn't wear it, and he would go out and call the police, and we'd hand it out to him. When we left, they called the police, said there was a guy who didn't wear a mask, found out it was him again. That guy's got a couple of calls a day. I got a call from a guy who went to city hall because he couldn't get a mask, and they said I didn't have one, so get me a mask. After the city is closed, anyone who wants food or food will call the police.

A long time also a change in the city, is the isolation of people living in the family conflict alarm. Because of regulations as long as there is a new crown pneumonia infection, the entire community will be closed off, the street office and the neighborhood to send a guard. There is a 15-year-old boy to stay at home for a long time to go out, parents do not allow, for fear of danger, the son and parents quarrel, insisted on going out, was the parents hit, called the police. Within minutes, his parents reported that their son hit them back.

Gated communities are not allowed in and out, some also closed the elevator and stairway, access difficulties, we can only grasp the police situation to go to people's homes. Generally do not go, one is afraid of a virus in people's homes, two is we contact people, also afraid to bring the virus to others, each other infection, can only through the phone with the police to do the work.

We asked each other to turn on the speaker phone, communicate with the Child on the phone, talk about the reasons for the danger of going out, and also do work for the parents of the child, don't hit the child, ask the parents to also review with the child that hitting is wrong, and the child feels comforted after listening to it, emotionally stable, agreed to stay home.

Another wife called 911 for domestic violence, saying her husband had been staying home long enough to start drinking and beating his wife. When I got the call, I called my husband, and I couldn't do my job, and I couldn't go to anyone's house for fear of getting infected, so I had to work with my wife, who agreed with us that when we were done quarantining the suit. There is no other way, do all these years to adapt, only to find a way to resolve the conflict, oneself become a snake-oil, everywhere can be painted a little.

When someone calls 110, you have to deal with it. Sometimes it's tricky to get a call. On the first day of the Lunar New Year, a man in his 30s ran over the wall from the inside of a closed residential area. He was found by the patrol personnel of the street office to pull him up. His temperature was taken and he was feverish. He did not go back. At this time, there were conflicts. He hit people. After the street office called the police, we went there. We couldn't tell if he had the virus. He said he had a high temperature because he had been drinking. Nonsense. Who would believe what he said in this environment. We had no choice but to put him in the car and come back to the police station with us.

Earlier, I heard that the saliva in my eyes would be affected, so I asked for goggles, so I wore a mask and goggles that day. We're all scared. We sit in a car, we open all the windows. To check or fever in the institute, inform the Health Department to bring him to the hospital for examination to be able to deal with. Then we sterilized the car with alcohol.

On the first day of the New Year, I came across this. After I brought that man back, I felt sick in my heart for at least two days. I thought it was very dangerous. Is this man sick? Would it be dangerous for us to sit so close together?

Heavily armed police, Tuyuan, police and civilians walk hand in hand on Weibo

2

There were rumors of an outbreak on January 10th. Wechat often has some friends back video, said the disease appeared after the lung infection, there may be human-to-human transmission, some say is caused by contact, some say it is saliva and so on. We all knew that the disease was contagious and that people would die, and we were terrified. But there was no sign of it in our city, there was no mask on the streets, I had no protection myself, and everyone was still preparing for the new year.

On January 21st, the city council met to prevent new pneumonia. After the city meeting, the Public Security Bureau all the focus began to shift to prevention and control, adjust shift, it is not the previous mode of handling cases. Our police station has more than 40 people, including auxiliary police, on duty in five shifts, in Florida, who are responsible for responding to calls; on duty at the hospital infection department, who are under quarantine to protect critical patients; and setting up checkpoints at key intersections in and out of the city, block the source of infection; communities that have been cordoned off in response to outbreaks also need police on duty... 24 hour shifts, one day off, sometimes not.

We also had to go to the hospital infection department for the treatment of the new pneumonia because we were afraid of sudden incidents such as patients becoming unstable or competing for beds. It's a single building. We're about 10 meters from the entrance, and we see a lot of dead people inside. Are you scared?

One day two patients with new-crown pneumonia died in the hospital. In order to prevent the spread of the disease, the city arranged a special car from the funeral home to collect the corpses. However, after they arrived, uh, there was a contradiction. There was no one from the hospital to transport the body down from the infection department, the funeral home said only responsible for pulling people away, also do not want to move the body into the ward. No one was lucky, because the standoff lasted several hours, until the undertaker called the police. Some things are not our concern, and we need to get involved now.

We contacted the hospital leadership, he said arrange hospital security transport, security is not willing to, the Dean said a transport for 500 yuan, security said you give me 5,000 also do not transport. We went to the security company to adjust to adjust to, finally security section chief to find two older security, give them a protective clothing, before the body down to the funeral home. The security guard who said he wouldn't do it for $5,000 quit the next day.

Since then, the two security guards have become the hospital's specialist in the transportation of corpses. If they need to call them, they can come to the hospital, wear protective clothing, go upstairs to the hospital and bring the bodies down. If there is no need, they will stay at the hotel, the hospital has arranged a room for us. No one who works in this business is going home.

Some COPS, if they've had close contact with a patient, they don't come back. They live in dormitories. I can't go back. I don't know if I got it. I slept in the dorm when I was on duty, and sometimes when I came home, I took off my work clothes and left them in the car. I rarely wore them and ran in to take a shower right away.

I heard about a 50-year-old patient who died in a body bag, his brother insisted to see his brother, the doctor said it was dangerous, you wear a mask for protection can not see. But that person still took advantage of the doctor and the scene personnel not to be prepared, forcibly pulled the body bag open, went up to hug to cry a bit, the doctor found and immediately pulled him over. The body is also highly infectious, is to be unified treatment of the government, if the police presence can not allow people to approach the body at will.

A few days ago, a newly diagnosed patient with coronary pneumonia, he asked to be admitted to the infection department, but there are no beds in the infection department, the doctor explained to him that conditions are limited, we will give you medicine, you have to wait. He wouldn't listen. He had to move in. The patient was having problems with the doctor and the security department, and they got into a fight, and at the end of the fight he said he was leaving, and who would let him go? The hospital couldn't do anything, so they called the police station.

We sent all a few policemen to stand guard there and help to coordinate. There was no protective clothing, so I had to stand as far away as I could to talk to someone, and the patient wouldn't listen, and he was screaming at you, and he took his mask off to make it clear that he was in the hospital. How do you think this works?

He's got Ta go out. If he does, what if it spreads? The police had to follow him, and while they were working, they told him we'd find another place for you, an extra bed, and a doctor for you. Give him some IV fluids or something, keep him stable for a while, keep him under control, keep this thing from spreading. We can only play this role of mediation, the final settlement or how to listen to the hospital arrangements.

Traffic police are on duty Tu Yuan Network (pictures and text irrelevant) 

3

We knew the place was dangerous and we should have worn protective clothing, but it wasn't convenient to wear when we were on the job, and we didn't have any at the time, so we had to wear masks and goggles. As a paramedic, as a cop, you got ta get in front of it, other professions can take cover, like us, we got ta get rid of that thing, what if you don't get rid of it?

Got A call before that. We got a dead guy in a public place in our precinct. We got ta go. We don't know if he killed himself, or if he died of new pneumonia? We informed the Criminal Technical Investigation Department of the Public Security Bureau, and when they arrived, they wore protective clothing (not hospital-style) that they had procured themselves, and without protective glasses, they covered their heads with a plastic bag. How am I supposed to get in there? I can't see. Nothing is not to find a way to overcome the difficulties AH, finally found a few swimming goggles, began to do autopsy. Finally said it had to be his heart, but who knew.

After the autopsy, we'll arrange for the body to be taken away in a funeral van, and then we'll trace his body and notify the next of kin. At that time there was no protective measures, Wuhan's protective equipment are relatively few, where do we have it?

We are a county-level city, not even a third-class hospital, medical resources are very scarce, all rely on the city dial, this expert group to our here only a dozen small medical team.

Supplies are even scarcer. The clinic will not issue masks until the Spring Festival. Each person can get an N95 mask every day. However, a notice was issued the day before yesterday that medical resources are in short supply, except for those who work in high-risk places such as medical and quarantine points, no other civil servants can wear N95 masks, only ordinary protective masks. At the beginning of February, we were able to obtain protective clothing, also to the hospital and check the entrance to the card can be obtained.

Most of the bayonets are located at key intersections in and out of the city. Check the vehicles. The vehicles stop to see how many people are in the vehicles. Pass is generally issued by the hospital, Municipal Epidemic Prevention Headquarters, the township factory, the transport of patients, living materials and the like, are checked before letting into the city. Otherwise some of the people sitting inside we do not know, some said to the hospital to see a doctor, is to see what disease we do not know. Some of the patients coming in from the towns down there, who knows if he's a carrier or not, we need to find out.

Panic is high in the city. Once met an old man, nearly 70 years old, he walked to the entrance, said he lived in the community was closed, he secretly ran out, do not want to live in the city, to go back to the rural home. Leaving town without taking anything. We don't know if he's sick. We can't let him pass. He has to go. We try to keep a distance of about one meter when he tries to persuade us, but when he doesn't understand, he takes off his mask and tells you. Do you think you're scared? It's not a knife, but it's a hidden danger.

Finally let him go back, said can not go, you can not go home, not only our block, there are many places in front of you do not cross.

People are scared, and so are we. Sometimes the funeral home car to the hospital to pull the source from the side, we all said to look at the wind direction, for fear of infection. Originally said that talks about the tiger color change, now is to talk about this poison color change, a mention of this problem everyone is afraid.

Two people in our city's public security bureau were also infected. Everyone was very nervous. Keep a distance from colleagues, AH. I didn't eat with everyone when I went to work in the morning. The premise of protecting others is to protect themselves, can not protect themselves over.

But as a cop, you got ta do what you got Ta do. People are dying. You have to go. The living. He's got a disease. You'RE GONNA have to fix it.

The police in the front line work picture source China Police Net

Haven't you seen enough?

LONG-PRESS QR code to follow "people" on Wechat

There's more where that came from

WECHAT SWEEPS UP Praise for author

####Send it to the author

People Admire

Long-press the QR code to transfer the funds to me

Under apple's new rules, wechat's iOS version of the APP has been turned off to support public accounts through Qr code transfers.

Go to "discover"-"take a look" browse "friends watching"

Sent

####Send it to take a look

Sending

A scan of wechat
Pay attention to the account


-------------
title: All these strange calls have been linked to new pneumonia
source: ren-wu-/-mei-ri-ren-wu
authors: _
editors: _
proofreader: _
photographer: _
translator: _
via: https://github.com/2019ncovmemory/nCovMemory
link: https://mp.weixin.qq.com/s/KbFax4bUb8SYZn5v7QY9Jw
archive: http://archive.ph/MZyVe
snapshot: https://github.com/2019ncovmemory/nCovMemory/blob/master/archive/jpg/715.jpg
lead: The story of a plague-ridden policeman.
cover: data:image/jpeg;base64,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
