##The mother who worked as a janitor at Huanggang Hospital

Weixin Quanmingushi

In fact, everyone's story is thrilling.

“
The family of the good worker, who learned that her mother was living with her, frantically called to urge her to move out. The city's on lockdown. We can't even rent a room.

“

The family of the good worker, who learned that her mother was living with her, frantically called to urge her to move out. The city's on lockdown. We can't even rent a room.

The 434th story of the plan for all the people

One

On January 21, my sister called me and asked me to buy some face masks and Lotus flowers from Shanghai. She said that all the pharmacies in Huangzhou were out of stock. I didn't care. I thought I'd wait until the end of the day, and then buy something in between trips to the train station.

After work, I ran to 4 pharmacies, disposable surgical masks and Lotus fever are out of stock. As the train drew near, I had to abandon my fifth drugstore. Luckily, my husband works for a biotech company, and the lab has a lot of N95 masks in stock, but they're in short supply by head count, so thanks to him, I've got two N95 masks.

On the train back to Jiujiang (from Shanghai to Jiujiang and back to Qichun County) , I put on a mask, leaving one for the trip back to Shanghai.

Just on the train, my sister called again, I guess she is to ask to buy masks and medicine, did not wait for her to tell her, Shanghai masks and medicine is out of stock. Your brother-in-law brought you some disposable surgical masks from work, and you'll get them the day after tomorrow when you leave for Huangzhou for the New Year.

My sister said, "I know, " I detected her tone wrong, asked her what is wrong, she began some aggrieved, "you help me to persuade my mother, let her quit the hospital

Mother these two years, has been doing the hospital cleaning work, special period, the family hope she can go home for the new year, but the mother refused to resign.

The younger sister orders a way, "you and mom talk well, now depend on you to persuade her. " The younger sister's voice is extremely anxious. She and her father had taken turns, but she couldn't beat her mother. The father is very angry, scold the mother is stupid, do cleaning a day can earn a few money, "in case of infection, life is gone. "

My mother argued that she was only responsible for cleaning the kidney ward and that there were no pneumonia patients in her work area. Moreover, the previous boss of the cleaning company confirmed with her many times, she agreed to work overtime during the Spring Festival. "A man should always be honest and repentance is nothing. "

"Now that the new year is approaching, there are already a lot of people quitting their jobs and there aren't enough workers, so if they quit their jobs, where will the leaders find them? " Her mother also assured her sister that she would take care to protect herself in the hospital and wear two layers of medical masks. N95 masks are tight, only doctors and nurses can use them, like the mother of cleaning staff, only one-time medical surgical masks.

Originally, they had already agreed to this year in the sister's new house for the New Year. Thinking of not returning to her hometown in Qichun County for the New Year, she was paid more than usual and signed up for overtime work during the Spring Festival in October.

Mother never studied, 6 years old because of a cold to lose the right ear hearing, grandparents used up all kinds of prescription, finally saved the left ear. She spent her whole life in her hometown, raising our three children, taking care of her grandmother, so that her father could work outside the home. The whole family lives on my mother's shoulders.

When I was a child, I especially hated holidays, because my mother always had a lot of work, we three children also can not spare, to help her mother weeding, mowing grain, planting seedlings, play pigweed. I always ask my mother, why is it that other people can play and our family's work is never done? My mother taught us to study hard, not to farm like her, never free.

Now, I went to college and worked in Shanghai, where I met my husband. To the holiday, no longer as busy as before, very much looking forward to the holiday, but did not think, mother still do not want to leave work.

Two

After I hung up on my sister, I called my mother. At first it said when we would be home. After I told her the seriousness of the epidemic, I told her that there was no specific medicine in case of infection, "You'd better resign. It's safer that way. "

My mother simply refused, saying that she couldn't quit her job, it was a special time, the hospital was short of staff, and she had promised that she wouldn't break her promise. In the end, she reassured us that she wasn't a three-year-old child, so we don't have to worry about her. And Hung up the phone.

When I called my sister again, my father yelled at her, "she's a stupid cow! " He was furious that my mother had insisted on going to the hospital to work, finally, she said angrily, "forget it. We'll all go back to Qichun County for the New Year and leave her alone in Huangzhou. "

It was 5 a.m. on the 22nd, and the Huangzhou was cold and drizzly. Mother got up in a hurry to catch the first bus to work. They had just moved into their sister's new house a few days earlier, and their father, worried that his mother would get lost, had gotten up and walked her to the bus stop.

My mother was illiterate, and my father gave her a route: out of the gate, I saw a vegetable shop, along the direction to the vegetable shop, see the first bus stop is.

"There's only one bus. If a bus stops, you can get on it, " the father said to his mother. The vegetable shop, the bus station, the bus, mother is to know.

On the morning of the 22nd, my father took his brother and sister back to their hometown to give my grandfather a farewell. My sister's worried about our safety. She won't let us go to Huangzhou. They'll be waiting for us back home in Qichun County.

At 4 pm, my husband and I got off the train and finally got on the train. My husband and I were the only ones in the car wearing masks, and the others looked at US strangely. Her husband asked the conductor elder sister, "how do not wear a mask? " A middle-aged indifferent to say, "afraid of what, to die to escape it? "

I felt a tingling in my scalp. My husband introduced them to the severity of the pneumonia, which was worse than SARS. There was no medicine to cure it. Everyone was chattering, discussing the news they had seen on their cell phones, and laughing.

One villager confidently said, "the countryside is the safest place in this remote area, and it's all people from my hometown who don't go to Wuhan. " I opened the car window in silence to let in the air, while an old man nearby was too cold and closed the window tightly, there's not a breath of wind in here.

That night, I have not slept well, on the one hand, worried about my mother, on the other hand, laments that the awareness of rural people is not strong. The next morning, my husband and I skipped breakfast and went to visit my grandfather. GRANDPA wanted us to stay for dinner, but we didn't have time to go to our parents'house.

When we got home, my father and brother were dressed and ready to go out. The younger brother also played the wax, I tease the younger brother dressed like this, wearing corsage can go to pick up the bride.

Dad Smiled and said, "my co-worker has introduced a girl, we'll go and see her later. " Before, dad was very resistant to dating, "It's not like we've been reading books for years and can't find a girl we like, " he said. Now, his father is worried about his younger brother's marriage.

"How old? What do you do? " I asked. Brother Hands, said he did not know, the father suddenly informed him in the morning to go on a blind date. Father said he did not know, only said that two people always have a similar, otherwise his co-workers would not introduce. "Go to see to say again first, perhaps become! " Father Soliloquize, seem to be afraid younger brother to take the opportunity to repent to say not to go.

My sister and I began to cook lunch, my sister told me that my mother knew the severity of the pneumonia epidemic, there is very serious protection. She has taught her mother how to use the mask properly and told her to wear two layers of medical masks.

At this time, I just know mother's hospital, is now a new type of pneumonia in the hard hit areas.

"The hospital staff is very tight, during the epidemic, no one would like to do, if the mother also quit, the hospital no one clean up, it really became a virus nest. " Sister seems to be convinced by the mother. She asked me what to do, and I didn't know what to do.

We were speechless when my sister's cell phone rang. It was a colleague from Huangzhou, she told her sister. At 12 p.m. on January 23, the city of Huanggang was closed.

"Oh no, there will be traffic that afternoon. Tell Dad and Wei (my brother) to go home and hurry to Huangzhou. " My sister called my father, and my brother quickly turned the car around and headed back home, yelling that he had to hurry or he wouldn't make it back to Huangzhou. Father Angrily scold him, "you are afraid to play a bachelor for life, so you and girls do not dare to meet each other, do some wild fervor (irrelevant) . "

At 5 pm, my brother drove them back to Huangzhou to let me know they were safe. Sister Emergency went to a supermarket, she complained that the price of the supermarket soaring, usually less than a pound of carrots are now sold for six dollars. Sister firmly believe that after the city will rise again, rob a full when a shopping cart, save to eat can last half a month. "You two have to think long term, too, " said sister.

Food from home | from the author

At this point, my husband and I are at a loss, we can not be sure when to return to Shanghai, go and stay is a problem. Later, I saw on the Internet that those who left Hubei before the closure of the city, but also for their own sweat, of course, this is later.

Three

It was worse than we thought, and as the number of infections posted on the phone's web site went up, I worried about my mother.

By 7:00 p.m. , I figured it was time for my mother to leave work, and I called to check in. But my sister said that my mother had gone to live in a rented house in the center of the city and was not coming home.

"after the closure of the city, the bus service was suspended. This side is quite far from the hospital, so it's easier to live there, " said my sister. "Mom will probably still live there tomorrow for the New Year. " Her voice dropped.

"Chinese New Year she also a person over there? " I am a little angry, blame sister not sensible, if the mother over there, as we all go to rent the house for the New Year.

"Yes. They can cook there, too. Call her tonight. Some people in our community have been infected with pneumonia. Everyone is afraid to go out and stay at home as if in prison. The community is now disinfected every day, and the neighborhood committee patrols every day, asking everyone to wear masks and go out as little as possible, they were told to take care of themselves and not to go out.

On New Year's Eve, I forgot to call my mother. During the day, my mother is not convenient to answer the phone, after her work, I am doing New Year's Eve dinner with her mother-in-law, after dinner to call, my mother has turned off. My sister told me that my mother went to work very tired, got up early (the bus stopped, my mother walked to work, she had to get up at 4:30 Every Day) , she turned off her phone at 8 o'clock every day to go to bed.

My rural village is also closed | by the author

The next few days, I found time to call my mother. She looked tired, but she told me not to worry. I told my mother several times about my resignation, but she turned it down.

To the fourth day of the morning, my sister suddenly sent Wechat, said she also back to rent the house there. I reminded her to be protective, and to be with her mother, otherwise she would be alone.

In the evening, I caught my mother off duty, dial my sister's phone, ask my mother home.

"She moved out of the hospital to share it with someone else, " the news caught me off guard.

Originally, today the landlord called to tell her sister, someone reported the mother working in the hospital, there is the risk of transmission of the virus, now doctors and nurses do not go home, concentrated accommodation in the hotel, let her sister also think of ways, can not spread the virus.

The landlord suggested that sister with the hospital response, arrange cleaning staff centralized accommodation. He didn't stop it. Someone reported it. I hope my sister can understand him and don't make it difficult for him.

Huanggang does have hotel accommodations for medical staff, but for an obscure cleaning lady like my mother, not to mention hotel accommodations, even basic protective clothing is not issued. My mother had no intention of telling me that the hospital would take their temperature for free every day, find anything out of the ordinary and fire them immediately.

I did not expect this situation, called my mother again, "mom, quit your job. At this time there is no guarantee of doing cleaning, what is the use of only a mask? "

"If you quit, you have to apply a month in advance. If you quit temporarily, you have to deduct a month's salary. " My mother said submissively. At this point, the mother is still reluctant to give up the 2000 yuan.

Four

When my mother and sister went to Huangzhou, she and her sister went to Huangzhou to find work because they could no longer do farm work.

An aunt in the neighborhood told her that no one was cleaning the hospital, so she wanted to go for an interview.

Sister did not agree, the hospital cleaning years with patients, infection is not cost-effective. Cleaning jobs are easy to find, shopping malls, schools to clean, do not have to go to the hospital.

"hospital cleaning is not to do it? Are Not willing to do, then who do? " The mother was very convincing.

After work, the mother very cherish this job, sigh than farming much more comfortable, at least not the wind and the Sun.

It was two years, and my mother never took a day off. The hospital has a rule that all the cleaning must be done by 8:00, and mother always finishes at 7:30.

Well-meaning workers showed her the ropes, and she could take a break in the closet, as long as the boss didn't catch her. Mother just doesn't get it. We advised my mother not to be too nervous, as long as she could get by with work. It's the body that counts.

But our mother taught us, "Don't let people speak too harshly! " She thought that she had to work hard and not play tricks when she was paid.

Now I'm angry that my mother can't even go home, "At this time, we should at least protect our lives. If we can't protect our own lives, then what are we doing? Besides, this kind of behavior violates the labor law. I HAVE TO REPORT THEM! "

My mother told me not to worry. She reassured me that the aunt she shared a room with was kind, but that living together would increase the risk of infection and that she would have to rent a room alone.

"The company does not care not to ask? " I always used to call the company, in fact is a self-employed. No employment contract. Pay and discipline are verbal. There are plenty of self-employed people of this nature back home.

Mother said she also reported to the boss of difficulties, the boss sent a car, pull up the mother's bedding, to a kind-hearted workers stay overnight.

The worker in the mother's mouth is also forbidden to go home by the community, temporarily in the hospital nearby rent an old dilapidated small house, only a bed. These houses were originally rented to family members who came to the hospital to accompany them.

The county road was closed, at this time I want to go to my mother, but also through. I had to call my sister and tell her to do something.

My sister cried on the other end of the phone. She told me the other bad news. When the family of the good worker found out that her mother was living with her, they called frantically to urge her to move out. The city's on lockdown. We can't even rent a room.

At this point, the sister to the mother's boss called to report the situation, to solve the accommodation problem, really can only resign, or mother who is responsible for infection.

The boss also said there was no way to solve the problem for the time being, just saying Nice things. She promised to help find a house and begged her mother not to resign because it was really hard to recruit people. But there was nothing she could do about the supplies, the rent, or even the fact that she wore a disposable mask to work.

My mother had to move out of her workmate's house, and the thought that she might be living on the street left me with no choice but to call people over and over again and seek help through some online channels, but most said there was no way out.

Seeing the night getting deeper and deeper, my sister was looking for a way to plead with the landlord and the people in the community, but they all refused. When I was about to despair, my mother called and said, "I have a place to stay. Don't worry about it. "

It was a hospital nurse who heard about the incident and said that her staff had a spare bed in the hospital's designated rest area and risked her mother to come and live with them. I thanked her profusely, but she said, "don't worry about it. "

Today is the eighth day of the New Year. My mother is still at her post.

I had to wait for my mother to get off work, give her a call, listen to her safe. But all this is very weak, after all, I can not give my mother a protective clothing against the virus.

Call for

We want to use the national story project as a platform, to give you an idea of every part of Hubei: Wuhan, Huanggang, Ezhou, yellowstone, Xiaogan, Xiangyang, Jingzhou, Jingmen, Suizhou, Suizhou, Suizhou, Suizhou, New Orleans, New Orleans, New Orleans, New Orleans, Shennongjia, New Orleans, New Orleans, New Orleans, New Orleans, New Orleans, New Orleans, New Orleans, New Orleans, New Orleans, New Orleans, New Orleans, New Orleans, New Orleans, New Orleans In every county, in every town.

You in Hubei can tell us about your experience.

Whether it's a message or a picture, it can be sent directly to us from the public account of the National Story Project.

Hopefully, this time, we can get through this together.

Call for

We want to use the national story project as a platform, to give you an idea of every part of Hubei: Wuhan, Huanggang, Ezhou, yellowstone, Xiaogan, Xiangyang, Jingzhou, Jingmen, Suizhou, Suizhou, Suizhou, Suizhou, New Orleans, New Orleans, New Orleans, New Orleans, Shennongjia, New Orleans, New Orleans, New Orleans, New Orleans, New Orleans, New Orleans, New Orleans, New Orleans, New Orleans, New Orleans, New Orleans, New Orleans, New Orleans, New Orleans In every county, in every town.

You in Hubei can tell us about your experience.

Whether it's a message or a picture, it can be sent directly to us from the public account of the National Story Project.

Hopefully, this time, we can get through this together.

We want to use the national story project as a platform, to give you an idea of every part of Hubei: Wuhan, Huanggang, Ezhou, yellowstone, Xiaogan, Xiangyang, Jingzhou, Jingmen, Suizhou, Suizhou, Suizhou, Suizhou, New Orleans, New Orleans, New Orleans, New Orleans, Shennongjia, New Orleans, New Orleans, New Orleans, New Orleans, New Orleans, New Orleans, New Orleans, New Orleans, New Orleans, New Orleans, New Orleans, New Orleans, New Orleans, New Orleans In every county, in every town.

You in Hubei can tell us about your experience.

Whether it's a message or a picture, it can be sent directly to us from the public account of the National Story Project.

Hopefully, this time, we can get through this together.

By Rain, mechanical engineer

Editor | Pu Moshi

▼

The national story project is looking for anyone with a story

Tell the story you care about and send it

tougao@quanmingushi.com

As soon as the story was published, it was paid 300-1000 yuan for each thousand words

Please support the National Story Project, Click here

Go to "discover"-"take a look" browse "friends watching"

Sent

####Send it to take a look

Sending

A scan of wechat
Pay attention to the account


-------------
title: The mother who worked as a janitor at Huanggang Hospital
source: quan-min-gu-shi-ji-hua-（-ge-ti-）
authors: _
editors: _
proofreader: _
photographer: _
translator: _
via: https://github.com/2019ncovmemory/nCovMemory
link: https://mp.weixin.qq.com/s/booNSK5o-zu65VO-C2HgUA
archive: http://archive.is/d98ov
snapshot: https://github.com/2019ncovmemory/nCovMemory/blob/master/archive/jpg/398.jpg
lead: "I hope you can understand me and don't put me on the spot. "
cover: data:image/jpeg;base64,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
