##Wuhan first line | own city, own protection

Wechat. Lucanighttalk

Function description, I want to interview 100 human stories.

The siege of Wuhan is now in its 10th day.

Citizens are shut in, and it seems that as long as the Internet is connected and mobile phones have power, most people's lives can go on.

Behind the Mobile Internet service, is a living person shuttle in the city, stick to their posts, shuttle in the city, try to maintain the normal functioning of Wuhan People's lives.

The shortage of manpower during the Lunar New Year, coupled with the absence of staff returning home from Wuhan, meant many people spent the busiest Spring Festival in this somewhat sleepy city.

Some of them entrust their wives and children to their monthly wives, and can only see their newborn children one by one from the video. Some of them have multiple jobs and take time out to sleep in their cars. Because of the road closure near their places of work, they ensure that the citizens can eat vegetables, i haven't had fresh vegetables in over a week.

One of them told me that there was nothing to be said, and that in a pinch, it was simply a matter of doing our jobs.

Because this is your city, and you have to protect it.

No one has a home without you

My name is Xu Linlin, in Meituan shopping Wuhan Warehouse in charge of Transportation Service Center.

Transportation Service Center is the warehouse of goods, vegetables, fruits, frozen goods transport to the city one by one store, I mainly do vehicle scheduling, driver management.

Wuhan Meituan food is pre-sale system, users the previous night in the APP to order, we sorted in the evening, distribution to the store, the next day users directly in the community at the door of the store.

I was planning to go back home during the Spring Festival. Because the public rush for vegetables, orders all of a sudden increased, I discussed with my family, this year temporarily not go back, the first hurdle to say. Family members are more understanding and supportive.

I went with the driver on New Year's Eve. On the second day of the New Year, when Ōkura was a little short on staff, I decided to go back to Okura.

On the way back, all the roads were closed, and I found four or five back roads that I couldn't take. Finally, I found a path. The driver in front was also going to Caidian District. I followed him and got stuck in the mud. Then I got a flat tire. It took me a long time to get to Okura.

Xu Lin took a Selfie to record the journey

The brothers are very hard, now more than 20 people do the original 40 People's work. It is estimated that until the closure of the city, have to be in this state, to ensure that Wuhan residents can eat vegetables.

There is no canteen in the warehouse. During the special period, we had prepared some dry food, such as dumplings, instant noodles and ham sausages. We ate dry food for about a week. It's been a long time since I've eaten a vegetable.

Now we're basically here 24 hours a day, we've got blankets, we're in the barn. To assist warehouse do sorting, processing, as well as company masks, disinfection water and other administrative materials distribution, we are also responsible.

I went to university in Wuhan and have been working in Wuhan since I graduated. All told, he spent 12 years in Wuhan. Now he has a small family in Wuhan.

My wife and I got married last year on the mid-autumn festival, which was the first Chinese New Year. We wanted to take her home to meet our relatives and friends. My daughter-in-law supported me, and to put my mind at ease, she went back to her mother's house in Wuchang and stayed there.

I was just telling her last night that I don't have time for you this year. She texted me and said, "there's no family without people. ".

I can help the city

My name is Liu Xiaoguo, Wuhan locals, my grandfather, father are also Wuhan people, live in Hankou Qiao estuary.

We people in Wuhan say that we have a bad temper, but really very generous, what to do, absolutely does not include.

My friend and I started a new energy company together. January 26, I talked to a friend, he told me Meituan now need someone to do volunteer service, free food delivery to the medical staff, asked me if I want to go, I asked him to help me sign up, I would like to go.

The next morning at more than eight o'clock, a surnamed Hu Meituan called me, he confirmed, I can work.

Now, I usually drive out at 9:00, then I drive to a store in her restaurant. They provide free food for the medical staff on a voluntary basis. I help them out when I can, and then I pick up the food, between 11:30 and 12:00.

Meituan has a special box, to the hospital, I put the box to the cart, they (doctor) in a special place to take out the meal, I take the box back to sterilize, and then put back in the car.

There was a delivery of fruit to the hospital this afternoon, so I made an extra trip. It's been two trips a day for the last few days.

When you're done, sterilize the lunch bag, and I'll be back. 3:00 or 4:00 p.m. , I'll make another run, drop off dinner. Just got out of Hanyang General.

I've been to three hospitals today, two hospitals in Hanyang, one in Hankou, which adds up to 200 kilometers a day, three or four hundred per trip, and Chinese dinners have to be delivered to them, seven or eight hundred altogether.

Liu Xiaoguo, driver of fast donkey

I'd like to thank Meituan for giving me the opportunity to help the city. A lot of my friends know I'm doing this, and they want to be part of it.

The place where I live is just behind the south China seafood market. The original plan was to go to Hangzhou for a few days, and then to visit relatives in Guangzhou for the Spring Festival, but I couldn't go. This year, the scope of the Spring Festival will be in the community.

Before the closure of the city, we had a family reunion dinner, then my wife went to take care of the children, I live here, all by cell phone, video contact.

My wife is more worried, a day to call me three, said to pay attention to safety. I said it's nothing. Don't listen to the panic. There's really no need.

I can still play football at my age. We have a group that goes to Hanyang Stadium every month or so to play a game. Last time I played was in December.

After the outbreak, in addition to my work schedule, I wanted to see if I could organize a kickball game. I haven't played in two months. I hope I can play in February.

A week after the baby was born, I moved into the warehouse

My Name is Qi Asia, Meituan buy fresh vegetables processing center regional director.

My wife and I went to high school together. We got married two years ago. My wife is having a baby this year. I planned to take a month off after the baby was born. Our company has 15 days of paternity leave, including the Spring Festival holiday and annual leave, I have a month to spend with her. I invite a month elder sister-in-law, prepare and month elder sister-in-law take care of month son together.

The baby was born on January 5, and two colleagues came to Beijing on January 9 to support me. I went back to the company to help with a handover that took place before the New Year. Considering the emergency situation in Wuhan, we decided to stop taking paternity leave and come back to work.

Caidian District is a long way from home, and I live near a processing center.

Then the outbreak got so bad, I couldn't go home, put my family at risk. Every day from the video to see his wife and children, the home please sister-in-law care.

My home in Hankou, I heard that there is a serious epidemic, many food markets, supermarkets are closed, but also worried about the problem of eating at home.

January was probably the biggest workload I've had since I joined the program.

Delta fresh processing center

Originally many employees are living in the vicinity, some community will not let people in and out of the requirements, so the company has fewer employees.

On the other hand, after the community market closed, our platform's online orders are very large, our processing center's task surge, every day with staff on-site full load of work. The main job is to process vegetables and fruits.

After the closure of the city, all the restaurants in the vicinity were closed, the main roads and villages in the vicinity were also closed, and the two large supermarkets in our vicinity were still operating normally, so we could only prepare some dry food for the staff. Like dumplings, instant noodles, rice pudding, and so on, to eat.

Our working hours are usually 10:00 to 11:00, after work and home video, the children are usually asleep. The kids are better now, and they don't make any trouble at night. But I feel sorry for my wife.

My wife and I are both single-parent families, since childhood are living with his father in Wuhan. But they are far away from where we live, and now the traffic control, they are not convenient to go home to see.

I'm afraid, though. A little more faith

My name is Jiang Haifeng, 30 years old this year, is Meituan shopping site in charge.

Besides the delivery boy, our store is the most direct to consumers.

My wife is Wuhan People, I am the new Wuhan People, from ten years ago graduated from university to stay in Wuhan. We usually live in a house in Hankou and commute from Hankou to Hanyang. I can't drive. My wife drives all the cars in the house. Recently, due to traffic restrictions, I've been living here in Hanyang, walking to work.

Around New Year's Day, we have arranged the work, each site has two people to work every day, arrange the staff to take a vacation, go home and family reunion.

Now suddenly this situation, the staff in the field must not come back, as store manager, we must be the top.

On the evening of, I saw from backstage that the order was two or three times normal, but there was only one person on duty. I told my wife to get me to Hanyang before the road was closed.

Investment Park is a large community, the level of consumption can also be. There are no big supermarkets or wet markets nearby. Because of the relationship between the new year, the surrounding restaurants, fresh shops are not open, travel inconvenient residents, Meituan shopping is his reliance.

Before the opening of the store (picture / Jiang Haifeng)

The day in the shop now began at seven o'clock, and Ōkura had delivered the goods to the station the night before. After we go to work, before 8 o'clock to put the goods on the shelves, such as dumplings, dumplings, such as frozen goods in the freezer, green vegetables together, cut and ready to refrigerate the clean vegetables. There are other dishes that are not of good quality and we have to pick them out and throw them away. That's how you keep it fresh.

After opening at 8 am, customers come to pick up their pre orders from the previous day's mobile APP. We ask that the goods be picked up and handed to the customers within one minute. Now this special situation will be faster, many customers do not want to stay in the store, he is also afraid.

Customers used to come back after work one after another to pick up food, he worked very late so we have to wait very late. Recently is not the same, usually early in the morning to come out to take back the vegetables, a day did not go out.

After 12:00, the day's order is almost over.

We face the community, now there will be ambulances in and out of the community, pull people away, the staff will be afraid, I can do is to stand with the staff, let him a little more confidence. I live near the station, because my wife works in the supermarket, but also to work, so we have not seen each other since the New Year's Day.

Now to say that fear, I am not afraid, one is that my body is better, two, as long as they do good protection, there is nothing to fear. Listen to colleagues say, since the outbreak, we have been Meituan buy vegetables have been trying to maintain the normal operation of Wuhan 22 stations.

There are so many voices worth hearing in this epidemic, whether you're front line health care workers, patients and their families, supplies providers, logistics support staff, volunteers, or people like the delivery platform worker in this article, feel free to contact us and let us record your story.

Go to "discover"-"take a look" browse "friends watching"

Sent

####Send it to take a look

Sending

A scan of wechat
Pay attention to the account


-------------
title: Wuhan first line | own city, own protection
source: Human Pixel
authors: _
editors: _
proofreader: _
photographer: _
translator: _
via: https://github.com/2019ncovmemory/nCovMemory
link: https://mp.weixin.qq.com/s/ThAruIQdyn0wSgj5dHR2Rg
archive: http://archive.ph/lKXu5
snapshot: https://github.com/2019ncovmemory/nCovMemory/blob/master/archive/jpg/606.jpg
lead: Our "WAR SICKNESS" : Own City, must defend by oneself.
cover: data:image/jpeg;base64,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
