##10-day siege in Wuhan

Lifeweek

Features an introduction to a magazine and the life he advocates.

Photographer | Cai Xiaochuan

"Ladies and gentlemen, the train has arrived at Wuhan Station. Please get off in order... "

When the radio went off, the atmosphere in the carriage shot up to its highest point. Everyone's eyes turned to the dark city outside their car windows at night. A conductor came galloping up from the carriage. "There are two people to get off here, who else want to get off? " I looked at her, and before I could say anything, she knew: "Are you going to get off too? Why didn't you say so? ID CARD! " Now, the whole carriage was in an uproar, all looking at me. Some people are saying: PEOPLE ACTUALLY GET OFF HERE!

It was the night of January 27, the fifth day after the siege of Wuhan, and I was on the G69 train.

January 27,2020, Wuhan Railway Station

The day before, picture director Song Wenfa asked me in a message: Would you like to go to Wuhan? And I said, "sure. ". My colleagues in the Social Department of Sanlian life weekly had already been there. For me, this year, parents have seen, grandparents'graves also went to worship, basically is no worries. I was going to do some mental work with my parents, and to my surprise, they quickly agreed, just to let me be protective. I guess it has something to do with the fact that I travel a lot, and they're used to it.

How to enter the city of Wuhan has been closed? Reporter Wang Shan points a direction, buy a train from Beijing to Guangzhou to pass by Wuhan, will stop in Wuhan. "That's when you get off the bus. " Before hanging up, Wang Shan told me to wear more masks, she said they only have disposable surgical masks.

With a few masks and pictures from my mother, Director Song Wen handed me three protective clothing, three medical masks and three goggles, and I boarded the train to Wuhan. There were a lot of people on the train. Everyone was covered up. There are people around cough, the atmosphere is very serious. There is also a heart big family took off the mask to feed the child to eat oranges, I was dumbfounded. In order to relax, I sent a message to my good friend: I went to Wuhan. They do not know what to say, just two words: "Take Care. "

I stood in front of the car with my luggage and waited for the door to open. 10,15 seconds later, the door opened as if in anger. It was observed that about a dozen people got off the train. The people who got out of the car did not speak and walked towards the exit with their heads down. Anyone else want to get in the car. At the exit, a man rushed to the station desperately and was embraced by the staff. He clutched his phone, and the screen lit up with the words "Wuhan. ".

The far sign at the exit of Wuhan Station shows the arrival time of G69 in Wuhan

Wuhan's entire transportation system was shut down, and my colleague Pan Hong and the literary reporter Zhang Congzhi helped me contact the two cars. A volunteer picked me up and drove me to join another good citizen. She volunteered her private car for the weekly. The sister to see me, first open the trunk to give me 2 bottles of alcohol, let me timely disinfection, this is the scarce materials in Wuhan. 'there was no time to pack the trunk, ' she said. 'It was just empty bottles, so I had to make do. '. I dragged the clanging bottles toward the reporters.

The press is like a family reunion. At the end of the day, we had to drop off an interviewee from a hospital who couldn't drive and had trouble getting out after the restrictions. They were talking about Wuhan in the car, and I was driving by the Wuhan Yangtze River Bridge. Eight lanes of traffic were empty and people were jeering. When we got to the hotel, the reporter told me that one of the doctors they interviewed today confirmed the lung infection, and we just looked at each other.

The ERQI Bridge after the siege

Here is what I recorded on camera in Wuhan.

Wuhan University Zhongnan Hospital, located at No. 169 Donghu Road, Wuchang District, is a tertiary hospital. This is the first hospital I filmed.

The emts just brought in a critically ill patient

Before coming here, I wasn't sure what role I could play as a photographic photographer, what I was trying to say when I took these pictures, but I thought it would be a kind of indifference not to be able to record them up close at this moment.

Busy paramedic

When I first got here, I grabbed my mask. There's an emergency room in the clinic where patients are being treated.

The old man was at the door watching his wife being rescued

I waited at the door for a long time, and the patient came out, breathing through a tube, and was wheeled to the ward by the paramedics. I felt sorry for her, and I felt lucky that she had at least been treated and had a chance of survival, as opposed to the patients waiting outside.

The family members who wear unqualified masks are always with their family members in the face of the epidemic. I look at the heart-wrenching, perhaps, at this time can let people forget the fear of the virus.

I spent a lot of time in the emergency room, and finally had to go out for a breath. It was a suffocating environment.

Photos can still record an indescribable atmosphere, GRANDPA's big hands, old-fashioned glasses, gray hair, what they are talking about, we can't hear, but the anxiety is in the air, everyone can feel it.

In the hospital, the language seems to have lost effect, medical staff, family members all in each other's difficulties, no one has the solution, the hospital has no extra beds, patients still can not be hospitalized.

Outside the hospital, a lady coughed so hard she couldn't get into her room. I saw the despair of two people, want to shoot out, but do not know how to express, only shot the silence of two people.

Wuhan's interchange guides cars along the road, but there are no pedestrians or vehicles crossing the road.

Under the open hubu alley overpass

The Blue Lines point away from the road

Scattered leaves, empty streets

The only way to get around is to pedal

Zhang Congzhi, a journalist who spent four years at a university in Wuhan, told me that this road is a very popular street near Chuhehan Street.

The old man still used to hang up his clothes when the sun came out.

This photo was taken only for the old man holding the piano in the lower left corner. The music brought a little life to the whole street.

In the early morning fog, we headed for the hospital.

It's not like Wuhan in 2020.

Wuhan No. 7 Hospital is a second-level hospital in Wuhan, the first designated hospitals in Wuhan. The hospital facilities in general, it looks a bit like the town hospital I interviewed before.

A large number of oxygen cylinders were sent to the hospital

The bleak Wuhan finally came out of the Sun, so that the hospital does not seem so cold.

Before I went in, I saw "beds full" signs posted in prominent positions at the entrance to the hospital. When I walked through the door, on my right hand side was an infusion room with rows of people in rows of seats. I had never seen so many people in an infusion room.

There are a lot of people in the seven hospitals who are here for intravenous injections

I can't describe it in words. You can look at the pictures. In order to avoid infection, these patients come alone, I saw many old people, trembling, do not know how they came to the hospital in the case of siege.

For patients coming to the hospital, choose a raincoat as a protective device

Hospitalized patients and their families

Medical staff put on protective clothing, we do not recognize each other, on the clothes and wrote on the department and his name.

Ct Room staff said that now is a person to take a shot, there is no commute.

On January 30th we got 18 N95 masks and were a little happy. Later reporter Wang Shan went to interview, that the hospital mask shortage, a mask to use 4 days, she sent me a message let me take all those masks to the hospital. I didn't agree. I finally had some N95s, so I thought I'd keep them. I was told we'd have 100 kn95s the next day. I say we keep the 18, and give them to Wang Shan tomorrow. She held these N95 masks up to the doctor, who took them and looked at them, saying they were anti-smog masks and could not be used in hospitals. Another silence.

In the residential building across from the Seventh Hospital, the old woman on the left is knitting in the sun, and the old man and the old woman on the right are hanging clothes.

The neon sign on the high-rise says Wuhan refuels, everybody stays at home, this again is for who to see?

One day out, two reporters were asleep in the back seat, and I was driving towards the hotel.

Author Archives

Cai Xiaochuan
He laughed at the sight
26 minutes ago

TRIPLEX weekly
Personal Micro blog:@cai Xiaochuan

Cai Xiaochuan

He laughed at the sight

26 minutes ago

TRIPLEX weekly
Personal Micro blog:@cai Xiaochuan

TRIPLEX weekly

Personal Micro blog:@cai Xiaochuan

Please stamp →[ Wuhan New Coronary Pneumonia Series Report ]

The Copyright of the article belongs to "Sanlian life weekly" all, welcome to forward to friends circle, reprint open white please contact backstage. Without consent, strictly prohibited to reprint the site, APP, etc. .

WECHAT SWEEPS UP Praise for author

####Send it to the author

People Admire

Long-press the QR code to transfer the funds to me

Under apple's new rules, wechat's iOS version of the APP has been turned off to support public accounts through Qr code transfers.

Go to "discover"-"take a look" browse "friends watching"

Sent

####Send it to take a look

Sending

A scan of wechat
Pay attention to the account


-------------
title: 10-day siege in Wuhan
source: TRIPLEX weekly
authors: _
editors: _
proofreader: _
photographer: _
translator: _
via: https://github.com/2019ncovmemory/nCovMemory
link: https://mp.weixin.qq.com/s/LTLq3ODjB0Rc86x8-ds3ig
archive: https://archive.ph/h5ha4
snapshot: https://github.com/2019ncovmemory/nCovMemory/blob/master/archive/jpg/83.jpg
lead: It's not like Wuhan in 2020.
cover: data:image/jpeg;base64,/9j/4AAQSkZJRgABAQAAAQABAAD/2wBDAAYEBQYFBAYGBQYHBwYIChAKCgkJChQODwwQFxQYGBcUFhYaHSUfGhsjHBYWICwgIyYnKSopGR8tMC0oMCUoKSj/2wBDAQcHBwoIChMKChMoGhYaKCgoKCgoKCgoKCgoKCgoKCgoKCgoKCgoKCgoKCgoKCgoKCgoKCgoKCgoKCgoKCgoKCj/wAARCADMAeADASIAAhEBAxEB/8QAHAAAAgMBAQEBAAAAAAAAAAAAAwQCBQYBBwAI/8QAPhAAAgEDAwIEBAMHAwQCAgMAAQIDAAQREiExBUETIlFhBjJxgRSRoSNCUrHB0fAH4fEVM2JyQ4IWJFNzkv/EABoBAAMBAQEBAAAAAAAAAAAAAAABAgMEBQb/xAAoEQACAgICAgICAgIDAAAAAAAAAQIRAyESMRNBBFFhcSKBBSMykaH/2gAMAwEAAhEDEQA/AMzF7cUHrSGSzhKjOlyMAE9vapqcCrGxbAYdqtxtCTpmMkiUBVc6WHmJxivvBm0nwdOWGny77f5tW9mKiI5Gceveg2kKKfOisPTFZLFfs08hkbOEofMpBRexI1NnvVvZ2zQQhXPJzzWhuLO2MaugCFuQe3vVPcKdTaMAA9qTxOylPR87qdI31ce1V0x8POM5+tMtFJjIYjBzuKXnidjuQc1ax3ojmU97bw3Q0zw+Lnc5O2fWlbb4dshLqaHb/wBiRV2bfDb0xbW5kkVEwCeCapYkiXOyw6NaQrGE1iONQAqhMD60j8U34itlhtpVxJnfPABxWgJSxsHLsESNPmPoKzXwdb2nUfiuyuOsSn8DG+pgy6iMfICP4c43qJxUeioys9L+DfhyTpfQ7a3kfE08YnlGB5S24H5YrS2fSGOspoyo2yM7+9W0DWV+8kttdpKUUBwGzgU9AyxRAOyj6CsfHuy+dCDSWFisY6lPBCj8FzpBxua8U6zcS33V7y7y7xzzMyE4GFzgD7DFejf6oWkz29lN+JXwmkISA7ZON2/pXn6xPApMhViTsvJFXFUNbK1TK2hSRsckacqRQ4YpEkHiEMCc84+9WKPEXHiqcPt5TxRWjg4ijVRjG+5/OmFCrsfBJBGfpvVY7xxOv4rW+lgScb/Srd1hGMFRkbD0oElpHPl1kLZ/ioGV1zdpNMFtsMBwzIFYexFGjXU4/EADPBFTNksWfEVMgck701HIixheWxsR3pgQkhRYvINR9Ca7bkoF1RjRkjIHJpiFNa48oOfTcVNemTNjwipXG52H60gJw3BDPp80fGD6+1WVhJblCrxgZ/exnT747ilbe3RbhlVF8PcBjv8AlTy2okiKx4B24FAD1yizKiwhikmAZFOcb/yr0/oXWVsvh2MzSxWbxrgQrEW1D2ydz9DgVgrKHwokjVMKRjLAZye5r1X4afplt09bWO9huJGwWDsM5PYe1OJk9i9j8VW19FDEl2IrmbyeWPJjb1I4xmqz4pgim6d1R7ppZbmFMxSOxxkYGBtpG/ofarb4g6h0+yjFxb/hXuYyVOAMgdxxWA6n1s3cQSR5VtxsqqxI+w5x+dMVGWmgkL6R8zAYXc4Oc7CgS2QZWFyutDuSWAY+m9aWV18NiGUyFTqbGy1TgSoW/EPIUI8hcjzDPGfSl0WtlLL0+WOUPbz/ALPTllU59tOD7d6ZsYGYZjcksNWrSMA03ESLnMZjeMnGnHpXIxLA7SKgaBm33+XffA324pFDdjayrHJLAM4ODt+VRMEq5knEmgrrBU5xv6URLWSfzJnjGNXHfFOr0m5gcePHONew0IzEjHoN6ihplRO8juqwsVQAcgjOfevrSJhI7YGSMEc5Pap9WimiwUEiQjy6pTpJP0JzUbJpUhMjgac41D/PWpGPLZlY9l5BOBgnPvXYlYMyaMYG5IG5+tLjqBU+GqsWbgA8USS6Vwo06SvfGaBoIC6N5jq0nYacAmlrwPkHQoCkk4Xc/ejrKCSy5buBXGZ3XYkEDbFTsD0H/T+56KkSxWLCC4kO8Um7OfTJGftWt6laTS9Pmj6fILa5f5HKAgH1x3rxz4fMTdVgW8maGIMC7Mmc+238690iCGBBCV0AYH0rWKtGM9M8X+Lely2t9Zx9Smlu5zGxLy5JzntuR6VnpbNZNDlNhuDnBzW5/wBUY1tLqzlWZmdy6lTnK8HIFY+C7FwjtESSdxq429jRQ1srp7aNEaYSFlHzAL71yyghIEgDKcb57jtv2pmQNg+E6MWUZUPvn1qMni6WMey/v6VyM4/zekkWCibw8+UmQ5LOGyR7Cvd+gxqvTLMLPNIZI1cNINycZ3968MWJJI1fSR+7kgcV6/8AAbSP8NdOadl1RgoSNiAGIGRVJEy6LPqUDm4DzkshPlTQAV+/eqH45ihk+GeoxymQgIHyFycg7VrepxGWMA6WxwT29P1rP9YthJYXsBfw2nhZSTlguxGe+29KUaZMWeL9IJtOs20+pSWYKcHntj9a23XItdqcY1IwP0HBrBWlobTqcDTOSlvJuASc4PIPONq9Hl0TIyndXHP1rN6Zstoyg8QEjUm3OV/saqPjWBn6Na3iEMbY6JcD9w7Z+xwavms4IZiHeUSrt/3Sc/aiiBJ7ae2lDeFMpQg+4raSuNoyi90zyOSNmbUpMr/KxXIA+1LRTuH1SB2fVoIPlwe1WjwSRPJaXcjCSJzCVA3yDsc/TB+9J3duySOSzrq/cJyT6HOKxNRW/S4EZmbV4kZDqExkMDkYH2rW2d3H1OwhvIsKJV1EY4b94fY1kmklQI/mOrYhwNWc/Srf4RuBH+J6f4TjUfxEZY//AOgP0P2qoiZAU/YMNRHrVeTgkc0zZMdY3rrs5R6aVPEAMiAf+w5pu1MBy0jBgOykb1XQ3hUss0cbY4IA3PpRnvYFXLW0IHdsCsfNXo28QxfXIKkDIQDYE5wKqoXcsScGmmuo7iMpHAItJ3Hc0s8T8rgD6VcG5bIkuOgufFY+voKXmtiWB1faiI80OOD9qLEC5y5zWqRDYmLNjk6sAe1WfSLEFzKzfLsPrUljyuAM52q38NLS1CgAkDbbk+tNuhGa+KJ9bRWsTqxJJI5xj/f+VWfwx8PCS2FyswSZWEYGjIyRkH+dVUNtLe9TNxArHxG0knfCA4zjt617h8M9Dtej9PgYMyyFQ0jyIRqPrg8e3cVzt3s1/RRdP6T/APjKPf32u5ZwIysEZZkGdzzxt6Voum9WterdOe6tHmhiQnUxi3257EGrOT8TIxaw/C+T5mmDFTn0K1TfGE0sPw/dTGS3WNF/aJGrLqJ2AGc5GfWgR5z1S8E17MfxEs1urkR+KSx/LgCqi5jVnOiRWU4OM8f3paSe48bC6mbnLdq6CwUhtjsTgZ3pFxJTqkaDz+2MjGKGMPkYdTtjftXNC+JqycjsRR1jeTZQATtvgUigbaSpPJG2SagAhyBr0n0A2r5w0WdRA1bHPtXwY52C+29MYdFjY7AnHBIrn4eJm1DJbGcZrscwB4yccetEGMknUSe+M70ABWEsT27acc04oe3+b9nqGd1x+tTULo8h0jPBz/SoNglcqW9DSYBoJSrFcjT7VZWMgyHXJBOTnbNIxLojAELYJ29vemFjj5VARg52xj0pCLiO5WQ+VfMT82w+1MnSrbh2GPmWqywhV7mNI49LkjbUAW7Y375rQ3XRuodM/a3ls/gZx4moOPuRVLogCrxzxRJ4WkqMF2ABYfnQ2lgLaEChsHTgbn1yP8xSV3bG41ESKE43Y4/IcUC3tEjkJ8Q74A37+m1A0WheFQwZ0d+GB7elI3zW8kagTKXU8YyD+ddubmKAbklycHSRz96q7o+LMSrYGeeCfWlY0hoyyKcRMqgdsbYP3rktw5BQiIADfyHf9aX8IGAsJCpHynTn86VlmdHEbrhc7MNqLKLO0ujaujpjUNhg7/nWnh+N+oBIVSRVEewUDn781gyzkYjdtzgHO2e1fJMfDwxGo8/WkKjQ9W6p/wBRlNxdMjOBggIBtnigwzQRLoePzZOQRiqYFnDajsR3GCa5HrYsviFQdgKkKLkmAuGWJNWM7bbUVVgbUrLye1VcbyRuNw4xTCykMWGPsaKBMdS0jzkA4J7dq+aPYsBlRtmlRK5UANgd66ZnBKkACih2O2kUzSCSNHZQwyVTNe19Iy/T4JGEmZEDENnIyO+eK87+AOrWUavFe2kEXhoWNwGILfUHk/StDN8ZW8CSHwJNGcx5wNY77ZyKqOjOWxb/AFSsxJYWtwi7xy4Z9tlI/vXmwgV5HZQGRdiyLvWn+Jutt8QRLGAIIgcsAx39PyqngjjSPw1AVG9Oc8VTHEr7WzZnLnCMo8xx8w96LPCEzEGUnc5A4/Omkt/BZvO4j7ZGcCpGMNMXky7Bcb75FIsp/DZDHrVmG+RwR969H/03nkHRp4yfLHMCFHG4GR+lYW9QPKGXWBjBUk5ArU/6cXgD9QtHTMJQTbKScg4zjk7dvap9ifR6Veyx/gS7sFGO7AfaqKKy/HxmQXc0kbNrCqVwnttzVo9pBfdOaC7iSWJ8YVlO3ofakun9MsejGRbGMIJDgjf9Mmrq9mR458XWb23xFfQuxcatWQOc71c9CvUm6fEFY5QaSG7f7Uz/AKnWyQdXt73Q+m4TwmABHmUc577EflWc6WwtrlWORG3zfn6VlJGsWW/VFiTVcShCpwC+gEihW80TKNDqRzlRTxxcRsFKsh2yDtVVieMsuiQsNiVQkfUVeOWuLIlH2VPUenW19eSXMgeOZ/JIUIAONhyDVVefDXT7mNkke5GonUVYZ/ltWkv7Uyw+IyOCvOQRVTJD82nO/wD5GtOKfonmyph+GunW6aEEpUbZdtR24ycVK36Rb2l7HdRNJ4sZwBq2/lTqxA5DZb18xr5oQdWN/Xc0vGh82ZFuaLbnDgg0CQ4rkcmk5qnIhIddUSRt8b74FRnXx3SCNlLE/kKrbu5nSY4MZVgD5kBzUQypBLOixiR/LqSMgn1rncH2dCyKi6iXwwquckDc0xG6N5QRWSzISNzv5jqNRXxFkUuW0DzHeulLRhdmruI3iZSU1A++KkkxA3iXHu9ZQSygbytp+YjWcD9af6XBJPKoZiEQeI5yfsKvpE9mlid501KRAFYadO+aDcSOiOGuWfWPDGrH3IOPT+dMwIqWxOXBJwnoTS8kflR0AC4AQcn7n1zWcpejSMfY38PxSR9StjAjPKHXSEXU3/OK9c+J+l9V6jYmO3Fk8AGs/ichwcf+O2azn+nsFrEiPiJb3TlJQck55Xet9ZGWctG7BgME+vPepBnm15a9S6DaRLH06aO4CaGube9fzP6sACKouqfEd3N0ROn3c1zcyvN4jSS4yMcAEf2rddf+NLPpPV5LWO0e5YbySwyKuk9/rXnXXr4dX6tPeQ26RJI2lVDD5RsPqfU+9TY0itKkE6AxOcEav696BJKHdwi6D3J5r6SKRFCyMFZQSFJ5HqaCs5JKmIYPJ9KCkMku8YBcadsrRRK0a5GNWN8nb60v+IUDK4BG3Gai065byZI3yGyKQya6Bh2csd8nVkD86sOi2UfU7pYje2kAHPjuUGPY8VSvLkanDDPJHaoADxRvnG4yOKYF/wBZjh6bePbw3EU2GyXibUAPr/albVpLpyqlMKMhidxVe5DRKFA1cMwOc7/pQYC8ZcoAxBGP/KgKLtI/N/3WLA442o0URLDSCV/dydv+arYbuWRAiYyORuDVvE78j8zzQMZjA31Bh23ON6YhMh8p8qjbNItNKynJKDGQc8fWoEtqYuOwHBP1/wCaQB4/BkeaUFk04G+SWPt6dqt7XqDvEkLtLJGpOFOSo9+cVn4mXWVk184ODjb2zWh6P0ybqEv4awTXI/mGCAVH6AVSJY+ojnhcRsQ/IOAR+Xeqi4VoFCM7YJLbbbfajOsllcTxT61eIlCpA2I7bVXXdzJJEDlids5GCB/SgSBStofytuOQw/LFGFwMbqhbbJ71XtNJmXGGTO+RwKklyCf+2GZv3QMYpFFiJAcMG0jjjn6VGcLOmliAT6DGPpQWMbDWY0BG21AQvqLAZA3G+9AxyHoV/c29xLaRO8UQ87q48g+9eW9U+OrXp1zJD0+I3hDbzO+lSR6Y5+tel/HfWLmH/SHqdt0h40vJZgsyIMSGD976+/tmvzEX+1UjGc36PbfhP4xtetuYJl8C8xsmrIcex/oa1qsusMUbffINfmuwvJLS7inhJEkbBl+te99B6ieo9KW5XXEjHSVY6tLckZxjvScPaKxzvTNALhx5VOF9T2osU2T5iAvuaSXWdlftjYA0dIfIMTnPcEDf7Vm2ajmI1G/PbHeutKoOcYx68UhI/hq2JTt78D7CoL4shXUoZf4Bww9T/alYqLS1Ks48XVnAO2/vTbvrdvDGQBjt+tVaGRXLY8x3J4prx3dgArA+icUJhQ4o8OQsJQE2B1bfU0wsQUMVkf5ch880gjSKh8SEOjDdSR/vRTI8yxOpCxjfC7j6VaFRZDUx2zgD/M19JNGpxIrhcemB+VJF3YbMcY7jb/PavlWSaMguMk7A+tNjD6IZchRvnBx6VafCrSxdatxEAXOUxxt/Xjis600sLlWilGfQbCrr4OmSD4jsXBZQ0mDgbk4IG33qbFtnp5uHjlRJlfQ5zqA8o/PepThnR1DeG+CAQBkH1GaYmfTHl1LZO2FJzvS7GTwkaTAckhhn5T2H/FWroxPPfjPpatYiWSWe4n8TDyvICqg5IAHbNZa4tj4Y8PHhEDG2d/516T8aWqN0KaQKpVWV2Y4Hf9a87eUs4SLZeNOc7cmoo0gR6TdrHIVbA1Acn+VW8jj/ALhGQNmx6VnHOW1Mp0AjBJBxVx02VZIggbzqOGP+ZqX/ABdour0NBwwOY208ebvWf6jb+DcMq/Kdwc9quvOrFAxwBkcUvJbNKcHSW5JJ3rojO1aMWq0ZyVdBzmpFQVOGO/vTV1b5BGvH2rKXPWbqyujBKsJGcZ3FOxFFIxKuQN6GGIB3qIZQxGrLYzUdW5rBsaNJ0bpf/UV8XxFBRcBDnzEjbvxUpOkRskUYbUQ2Cc+XHc77/wDFA6DdtDGUjK5fy1ZgnIKsuB2BrPk2zaMVWyon6fE520gu3lUnIwPpSM9pF4QRZhhn0qAcmthGw5Ea6fb1ruIHYv4K44zpG5rRTfsngn0YuKyViqpKXaRtI3HA5PNaextUgjK6yADlmDbsfbHApiWO0g/bTBUUHAGnByfQetVV7ffh5tYCxysRpiLbqPVvf2p+SwWOjvUb5zL4SiQ7BgcjyDPBPqaTF1IdeWVQoK79s0vvJnU2XO5GOfrmoLH8h0uEByfUDtStsdV0aC36q9tZxJESSF06zkY5q7tfjjrMNsqpJAGwBq8NdRAGN9t9qxMZl0sGL+FzgtkimJhJJEoYNp2xgZGe1UgSHbvqmJJCmkuzE50gYJ+lKxyqw8sqrqGNtzVbJEBqLsQRzhTmuKpjbAzt5sgZP0NFDLMNqbDyhschuTXNCu5DMBnbBPFIeLhHLZONucU0s6PgKPOBuPTtmgAwjTcRgL6Duag2mJMaiB235r5FG2qRFB53x9TULhY9emNldSOW2zQB0rJIQyZcn17VIJ5cshAx9q7CAp8yHJHIfiiFyQ20gHtvv70ABldfAVM439KJEG/dUjSMlgMjavkieViQ4yRjJ5z71GS3lFwDG+pBv5GyMfagBqNkBzkMc7nirAXcSwhiihVxkjf86QWHQG1aiWJB0kDH2pjCRD5I8kAjv96BDaXMeo4AGCCcgn8xUJJGkBMRUDJwOD96hCY5HIKrl9/K3r3ozZjCjIAxtnekMjG2CHZ/Njf2q86J1afpUpms5vCm0lCSobyn2qh8fD50sX4wpBNQkeRCW0E53Uvv/KmBd3/VBNJK8qokmQCq4C4+n6mqsyQ3C6XYMhAyiE+vrnik5LlhFo8PBHJQ/qf7VKC5mDgSqHPuwGMfSgKG2AKnRI3h4xoIG/0/3pWaMaPNI7HbIxj/ADvTg0zaQgZcfKMiofhQg8yo6qSwBFDA7AkYj16NgMAFhQgFkVlDebTuc5IoEkS5OohV5IHOaWuZYwpePSrJ2X09KkRb9HNtb9Sia+Qz237ygZHtn2zWF+MvhT4chupJ4pILWB2LGSR2BU86FQDerzqHUW6VGs16kcqpGJGhbPljYsmsgfwtpJHpWB+IJz1qORBFHPPIweOJZMSwSNgMAD88bYGD2yKtdUT07MxNa2zdQP4BXECDU7HJCgct7CvXfhJT0bo9raSQyk3cb9Uv4jKPLCAFhG+AGJ/nVJ8FdOsOmdO6r1C9k8SzFukMoTPmbXloQOdWVVc+5xT0fUJGllfqCNLcXF1Hc30cQz5l3t7NfXjJHAAq1JJcRRjvkzXyxNDM8bsiupGpchiPbbuKYRkGwlwfUACqHpvUGu4VizbmWPXJI6kDxpSS0mn1VWYLkdxVpbJI+liYvNvnRmsZKjRD+LdsAnXJzu+c/YVNJ4I5CoCqy7HbH5UsYzFqLuzYyWGvSMemw4oySxIUaOL3OFOPzO1QPQd2MiErsDjcnFRaGRokxL/5eTb9ar26lbNc+HC+Sm5YDVgn6d6s7W6jliZix9Azp832J2oGGhUxKxLBl2O/Y/c0wSmDpkK55GdgfrQv+8vlGteM40jP2FASdAMRxq0nOM5H1z/Sqjolh0uGAQsEB1eVlJK+49akty8DKwADNvgnUDVcl9FExi0ah8zAKE08+v8Aapi4EgP7Ly4Gkrk4+/anYUWC3zToysmcHFN2F2I761mKKV8ZMlTxhv1qm0kAEM2ogZA7H1o8RKhzpbPK7849u1Q2kUlZ76WkZR+HkjUh/NrUtlc5xzsfevr90aPTgnuB9Krun9QU2UMzKWWSNHLqNgSK51OXXErqWyn1HNPy0jHgyF2wnsrmPwG80bIFyBqODge29eGkYkOonWpOcnDDHf8AvXsVteLGcM5O/dzvXlHxNbtD8RdRjLZBk8RfLj5vNt+f6VKnZoo0BSUsuMYXAA4+1NW8vguukDUDuB6f81UswCbeIrD3J/OpNfBkBZDliMkHiqsdGnSVpEJOkHOVwagJhs40gk43bfPpWfteqR21wEmbMTHBJ/mKsT1COFi0QZlPbbf3FKMnF16Bx5BOpL5vF0gIfmA7e9ZL4isPHdZEidz7Jn74/StNJezShgIYtP7oL8j7CgRXGGWCcN59g4Hlz6VTy1shY7PKfFAfyDOTgk+lRVyCdRzk7UEwThx4LswxuxiosFhcOwM0v7PuMAZH2qRKIzbXBBEcZ8wbLEfyq7srt0JBcEH0FVgjt7WPLOioBvk4xVNd/EKxvoskaZjtngUuJpdG7tp8g5kwM/vH+lL3fxBZpL+FsIn6hfHYIuyIfUntWNtbbq/VADdTPDD/AALtkUx1G+teg2v4PpqgXLjzuRkj7+tOkFj/AFXq0vT38SdkuepE40jPhwA+nv70n0q9e4lkefDTSHI2yM981nSTITIS7Z5bIJY/Wr3ptvEsYdwfGOMSK3A9Mf5zVVQk7NV0fplx1S8WBFRUCks5GQoHsO+TWot/g+Iphr85UZx4Zz/OlPhLqXRel2PiXt3pu5PnzGSVHoMD71dSfFPQvD1xXtzJIMgiOA4YfU0qY9Dlj8HWBttU7TtLuBIMKq++nFUPXel3Pw+DMktu9vsA8eNWcfwncVYXfx3bJAw6cJJGB2MyAKg+nJrE3/UpbyWWWeQyTnlyDlj/AJ2qlZNilxdSTSPMTtMdR8uw/IUIeUP8y5G/f8qlbyxRjGlvE75HvzRvFGSuO/l825+tUCAQbAlAravXbajxPpywi0Nj91Qc4qLxAkkPkLnkf1oylIkJaTYjgbEfegYJvFIDSRkKRxniuAxmTDqFZQDnFTky8eoHykbBhkfbFAjiRtixU899xRYBFkQA4BOeBtmmIZIwPMxAJ3AWgxvErZWIk98EGpwzLLFjR37Dn70gCKzCTUoJHG/BFTVpDGPKAvBwQM77ZrtsmGcKPKO2MU1EATr0DTjGcfnsKaYCyvIQuSuedxnUeOa6Q7koMiRmAXRsT/envDDx+dfIeQR9tqXa3twgKMy6dlztqPfmiwOQIyx4ZmA4OcbGjxSIPKzkKOcNncGgCOKaNg37T/6nf2yfpRbQxiIAnUowwA3HtQwHEVA2uIeYbNkYHHNQeEhgfKWYHKhifpRQG0BpNSAYycioTFHYeC4O373GfXapEKNG6IwzqGdsEZzXI0CyKQgYbcsNqOdaxgBAuf3f7UBjLrGUB7Z7U0MOZvAbZvX65o8crNCGUqQc75yc/Sq+9nwFjjRNZbOphtihx6oQ0mklyB5wc7e1MVjzr4kJEcblipJ2zgdzSEXVenWdkl0skd5K4YiNV1eGqtpd/wDyYZDAcYHesp1L4qvzdta9Jjlk8bEbaVZWKnOSSR8pGfT71RWvQOtW94II4sW7sJI7jxMGBv4h742I70LrYm6eg3U+q3E17pwolzrXwSN2Iwzxg7MjjBKetMdN+Gpbe3/FXqK0KHXNbRRiR0iOzOqE5BGc4XIFanonw9HZRyfhYhcdQKtIMEIZWAyRGp2BODsOaQ6lfi4jsZ06itvbx3DmwvmhPiWrMPNbz4wMZ23oQClzPDFHby3EsFvK2kWfXraMNHKq/KJoxww4zSl5dXVteaeolLOTQSFsguiRG3aSNuE1fvOeOBX0072d5cDTbdPvJN7uwnOLO8X+OM8Cqa0i05nikxACUjeO3MkcYzwskhC498GmWabpN5El1btHZxyBwPCDZRWCjCpFncRJks0hxqNehpsgkjTTJjJXB32/lXldnJGGk0GO5UYM0ryF49uPHnOAVH/8aDBO29emfD1xF+Bt9TysSgIaYaWx7j35qJCDxxmTdljijzkkDLfbNDuLG0cs5/EXb8qG2X6U1O6RlWTYnmgxOhl1Fhp74PFZlUcimt7WMLHa+Ax2JfAyfrucUeDqIMxCxGXSfKQmQPcscfyoUYgSTURGX9wSf1r6a9EYbXCkQ7PMc57cDekwRZXNzKy6FAiRhkqp7Ug4YAqZC45wTQUvpW8MQIXyMatPhp9cc0eNiwbWo2/dpJsegKxgFgI0R/TbB/z3opiaFcyupXfysc/fGaZQSFAXTw485YIMbZoclxFGWKo2Af8AuYJLVSCjkJ8VvDAnSIgAnRpH2Bq4SEKgWDSdtyeM8YPrVTJcPq1r4j7YB9Kbtrooy6nTWd9PcVlNmkYnp/RA118NdPDyASxKU0qcZCnaiXE/hRiKbJxksdzt2HtWO6B1KC0mddvClIL/ADZ29hWhS7trgM1tNAvYq7YOfod6zewpCLX8NrJpnk8Iv8xIZlPpg4rH/wCoZMfWLaRXTE0QO3PlOP5Gt+FlwrsoKsPmXPGPrWS/1LskPSrO7zqeKXTuBkqwO36VePsmRhpbggMBknONjx/fikzdFMuSDIRjCcYz/m9TlAmTBPhlflVgd6A0ZOk+HnG5AO/0rdGYKa7bLZIJIHf881bdFv2udMPh6v4WB32qgljCRk6Arkckb/70kk81uT4EzJuCCNqTQ0egFHtczeHM8S5LRr5m+qjv9KLM5vbMC1UBH38TWMqexwO4+tIfD3VrbqACyuy3S/MgOAfcH0pu9R4ZHuOnKM5zLAxwHz3B7H+dZSVqi46dnlN/8VWQJWxgkcjhmOBVX/1bql+2i0URgncxjP61oOj/AAPboFe+fV3x2xWhRem9PRI4YSw4JjAxXVqtGCv2Y2y+GLq5kL9QuNJ5IJyf9qv7Xo1h0pAraS3JkLajTd91iCE5jkwTsI2UZ+pNZrqN5ddRTLJEIl2VUxz3Pv8Aeo7KVIa6r1VbiM21pJpixguBhm9h6VSLAsO7oZGK4I5/5qwtrVvAPjxr4nGAuDvxvXHgQJj9qGZf3SDj/arSJuztqdYzJHpTbbIz9f8APSnIJdUrEAZXjff71WRE5BMusA6SCpBP3/On7U+K7uw1JjGMjagEy1SUIx8dlyDsAu49qLlFcmNMA8nOKr42k8qtG69sIc5Hv7VJWwfMzqp2OF8wp0VZZSFAuFidwcb+9AK6iTjCt2PIoSOsqqGuHXO+CMAb+ufanI0UjKzuediM0IVpiZhXURknTj1o0EDhiVz7HHPtTOgBSrOxHYnAB9qCAQwIOCNjuQRRdDIka8qy8EZONs1FosSk7sBuVwcH601FKqjUqSb7EhsDH3FHSWIRZSNyT++pxn7UrAr1jJzk4XjGM1JVATd8NxsCM/enJAkkZKJuAPMScZ7/AGoABBXXboSuwAJ3/wB6aA5BGpYebz8YIpjwVdt8DRtgYFSgKKQzQKW5BD49qcaaM6V0JpQAZ9KAE7dmwFZAANgByD6Y704CMBSBpUfNRGZY8MzgHnfAA9qatZo3GcDA222OO9JgBBZJEIKFXGAB29/+KhcQSO2RpUZ2zv8AWmpblUPyDynbI3+tCF7FKjqwTRyXBGPbNAC4SSPKhBIQdgxGBRY3WADDjB4CDOfpUB4bykFmdhyAe32ogeCGNT4aq+diWxp270WA0kYnYM7tGpBwzAAYr5elaoi7TasceQMSRQBfQspWMq2AM6VzjPoTR1lNyBEqRpgZXy6jx9Rk/agQJbG41Bh4xKEfuYBz/Oljbyk4LaQTvjbalrrqNpFO0GuWSYHeOOPP68V3/rloEWOOCeOQ74CjA9e+3amgtDy2Zk20s+N107YxzvSkg0ky3GnQuTjPb3oS3/jRaIzKmB85Az96rPiSZG+HeolGkaQxEFmY7524qorZEnrTEPhaaNX6hPdyQNdSXGlMv5QoHlG23/NaG0g6hfSmO2ggmcnfQSWPfevPvgsR28rILrXpXww0I1Lh92BBBAOBzg8DFMz9Yt7T4+j8K5a2tkb9lJDJ5Y2IyuocEZ5B7Gqkv5uPQsbfBSNn8RB7ZJ+mhZbmDQJ3FuV1DTulzaybEkZIKexrFyS3NvcmVDb9QS/QgyvtDfr6OP8A45h+povUPxE/TmuLS1vJLCFzJbywqTJYS/vxjPMZOSO2KTiRWjme1t4by2c654V1JIAd8vEDuO4KbioejRdlN1X8Qtylrb6ZII94LS8U64geVGsDP2piy6gk7g9Q/CLcRgDPUUIjgxxohXY/U0YdQtbiB40vZjGnFrfKJoTjsJD5k+9fDrCiFPDvOqpHnAUzroX28TQSR7Y2oEkWcriSRLi6mnkBIEVxdxYBJ4/D2o5PoW2FbXosni9NXRNK8qMUdJCGZSOzHufU+uawVtPIuXubwRLICDJ51157eK/nI9kXetT8NS3CwSPg+HgCPXGE0oO+ntnP8qUtoaNWt2mpomVpCBjftUZSrRsAEUbbAZxVJKr48XxVUKcBGzqb3NPWgdUIkJcHbC7Z77VjRYQmSR2CKoAO5I3HtXGsUVzNcEmTb5vTNTDq1w5KaQox7496JEglkC5K5OMMdv1p2CR94jLIIl0gk50oTx9aZt5maLGDJJjcRfLj3NfGyRsM5Uxg6QqnH3zRbdCCRGyAdz/So32UOwhFgK3IQnsNR2HtnmiBodLeCilQM5J4qovXiEoUv4spP/biIJX3Y8D6VC3ILFrh3YrwuDgb0PoENtIJQQGZsnGFXG9WEFmUjzMpLZGEzgD60nDdwxZ0ITITnJ2x6YqSXj6mzIXY74rNpstMs/CjQ6mwpO/lyB+dBY28xYp4jDO5GTj6UoZzcKr+ERv5jKcD8qAbhw7KmmQAYBx3429BQoMfJDkvmOhLi4VjjdHKkfrSnUBeXEX4aS+ubiLuJnyCe360uxkJBhZ9X7rDO3vnvRQ7Z1qpc5wdsAkd6fFoWmUVzazoQrZdR82+w32rqQSeG2A3mGGCrtjNXtxEs6AtgE8Eb4Pr70KK2VYlRXAVDuoIx9O9UpE8TPSo5VtTllGxyN/r96RMCglyWD8Agjce/wBq1dxY+LpEjpgbFgeKoby0Nu+qKYtg4wO351XIlxoqXVoJBPDIVkjOpTt/h+lX8XUYprNXmOkscFs7Aj1pCSJXYAoQBuDjYf71CJEt5GBHlbdgDsftjc0wKuDrrzTMjRStDp8hbb7/AEpZ+otcEqZUgi3IZd2OO2e31paCyjkuYjO2qJjhmxgD0o03TFsgz9TBaCIcxOMc/WtW6ZkraE0lWa4LRjUBnLu+c/cc03btHFE4VtKsRnI9P6VVT3dszFoJVhjB8qlCfvUrYxXDyYv5sKCSEhwuPXegKH5rqMZRZMgHlhkge3pS736xylYpQ7Hck9/rVUbiDGDNcMBxhQM/XepW8dpcyaEEpY76yfT6GmhFmLjwgcgAaTqIJ2HuOa5b3ZEjaGbY/u8D61Wx3NvE7gQzEkFGOv5hTHT7iB7mOJI5o1Y48smMbfSnaJZZQ3bPhlZkYb9j/b8qtorlp4VGSV5Pc59j6VTRWkMfUHEfsWJORvvjFXiRmNCyBpABzwc/TvTCz6NsZUHG2o4GST3yKJDcKqaQ+FGcFSdwfambe1knVWkdghIwNt8etOTWQKlMDAHfkUxpiEV0xRwjZYYyGXNFa5SPaRQr78g70u1qUfMYOr14ogjZSPELttny71NIrYQXQ3EbL4R5Ocn8qjCyqhGTkZORn1oWmJpMqScD75oiopQ4JwORqxSBHxlZ4mz4pQZ07elTRnfGjUFxueaWSQHyhWwTsmcUzDqypc6UJwBnf6/amhNnGkcNnXsuDnBG3/NRNznfzHIyCc7b+tFLgs6gMDnGSuzbVJWKqcqWAHGBQNM6J1YDXICc9v60xHcRKVKrgncEc0rCkZySGA+bHb0ozMCF8pz2yP5UqKDeIkmouxbAyVwccbfWoOIYkZg2nLdhkGpFPKfKuST5Qcj60vctsVRiB7/rToCP4jS5CFlJG2OcfWglpmONOd/3ts0WOPI2dQCwySwFfB86wSxAOduTv60hERFORpV8b8AcUFLi7F1NEpJKY1agMAkc/XFXFvDphZp0KBjnSBkmk43QdTnVFVDpB0nk/WgT6KqGzmkmEZQsWGok7nHrmr+26R1G++Io+ndGtrk6bRJdFsBlRgZJ+9Dnk8JTHCT45IZmHpV78Jdbgh6y0KW3WJr6aEIn4CZYyyjJOcnf/avS+BKuaXdHlf5BbhJ/8b2UR6P8TeFfyQ2nUJIbOR45W8IEKV+YN9KoutXCzfC873EoGndnAGWHp+e9eoL1Oxjl6hZJa/GcErEyXMcbCT5xywHrWJtorK6llgso5zDbzqFFxHg6dWArDjPtXqJp4snmS60eTO/Lj8Lfezz7/Tjoj3Bk6jJc/h4tWiLV+8e5539K20vw90q4uleSSC4nQM5ZEXVkDPAG/HetJ1r4USK1MvSEjTSMtDozj1Kf2rGXFxLbAp48v4pCrRtANRQjO+k41ehX0z3r5mSkmfVw4tAL+5U3EEnToYJ7mO3S5tnWIqbuBgRIjDVglc+mdqz99HFIqzxSlmUqbW83Qzxr/wDGGGySLx743qVvO1xCxUCO0imEokiJxbMeWjwNSg90YYFBuTNGbxmmgSG4XWs1qniQP/7rwrn1AzQytEJTLeXkodJbiZceH5BHdg/wtjGv6jNW/S+k30k7h5r2KIDzFruQlW9Cu3H1qw+D5w1tItjbKGhUyTgsS6Kfk05OBxkr71prSWxEQisbhboeEs3iIN31c7fxA5BFPjKrIUl0ZfpHw7q6jJcXV2ZWBGBjDN9WJJI9s1tVgBTw3UA5DADuR/nFVMSkXsTl2WNgRgDk1cvbyRx61jkQNuDoJ1bfyrN8pdGkaj2A1DxPMo1gjb/fPFRlZANSlU2yBnGaL4UTyDLeVVwR3oLWqE6gedvrU0Vd9AbeRo9WCHDHcKMkjtXLKWT8TI7k44Ck8D6Uw9oug5Iy3LDyigXA0MFVF0kcg7CgRYW9y8xIkYpk+u2KlI5dCsMgyR5vUUnHNkAgttjzB+9BknXW7+HgHbzcmnQh14pIosQoDvjPdvpipMk8UYM2IweWc7D7/lQbGYz3GoELjA74x7miqsckhGtyQwIBJOPfekNMVe5lUhEUxRjcuANR/wBqbivzEoKKwUDGTjc+tGnaOZWOvIJzg9j3qtkwr4A1nG2pdh9KQFo94ggR5nADZwGG5/vXWtjKglZWZQc5GBv6VXWcEK5mlkcyNuCMHb78Uw0kCyfspOdm1SnSBRQEjcNbh3lYMVOCvYH0FO20s3ggsgG2CCpFVsM63NwEgj/Z5wJSunJ7n3ppraYqAk0iYxx7ewooEw63csbNrjBiO4OSfy75oE7hcumPCY5OVyf8+9DlLyJoLEb5yu+fbHrS72UssR8GYr6qd/tnmikPkJ9RvJYmzCj5/dJOM5G+xqjHUwD/APsuyHVjLEg/arm7sZJsQxS+G4wS2eNqyvULRor6XxypKNltWSVUdxnn6VSiibZcHq0cjYWVXTgliB+XalGvoEUkvpRhqXzEj3qq6v0qBDHPc3Y8ObzKqQk4+uMfWq5vwbAJJfNIBwGhI/rRQrNDLbSNC7HIUAZJGNW/aqf4mkWPp5XByX0jBztW1leF45EJCArgSZ2NZnqHSIr+VRNdehCRqSd/vz710NWZejDI2flGPpV90YY6Z1GVyFAQKB681dRfCNlkl2uCM42AGPrk0eH4btBCUWS50nYglcGpoSRiQMcKKtvhmVYLyaV304ibGk75+1aA/D/TY8lre55xjIo0fQbJINcSSx5A5xnHeigMJ4hP7wI9qsOiReJeCUAlYwSxHatdB0Tp4JWSFi4ONJIzz6imYui2Sa8Racns54/rRVAVnTIme+kXGpXCk4G+BtzWqtLfwYcBI2jBxhzlh9felemLa2qtHIBCSf8Au7kN7etNfibHOZLgDG/lBH/NOi0hxLY4LEhd/mGck/SvrhGgUYjILHbGCD9aFFdWSyL4k6n94Enbv/ehXF7G0evx1zjABYbjHO9SGj6eRTEA/kUd2G/vjHak5XGklTqOd8Chm+WVQC6+UYGDt9xXYLmLIUlVGMk7Db3ooLO/hfEZfOA2DuDv/m9QZdUPh6wc76xkZHof507Bb27Bn8a3Lc5dtj6betMK0FtFlZY1B2YkjC/QDn+lCQJlXNA2YioDoTvn/N6nHGhhClyNIxk/N+VPRzwMCE8PUT5f2u49M/nQ1jicuruiEjOoMD/SmgAaGijdlB1KnZ+c+325ocSFAuWO+QMsc/Sm3jgXLCVSdsqu/wCtBee2FwTlyf4jsP8An9KLBH0DNGCWEIlzpwQTj7flRwNSjXJ4cakBiNx/9ajF+HNwxFwmsb+V87b5Gagyq0ip4wQb9s4zz96VjDKYGnEax6tWSMtx7mhzlXbIZV7adxtwMbVGEPE2BMJUPmK4G2/fPpiieNbRkePqQNwQwIH17jtQFkY7YSovjEALwfl7/wCb0S3tEDumjA2A82BSzXkXiaEKE5byg77HvirSGSz8qfiI9RGQoJznnuKA5BnsU0BWklUnfZv61RXNusF6XZysWCWZzjHfmr9H1RklsxE/NkkA79xWC67K/XviB+nxu4sLZsTFT/3H7/2pwg5Mmc1FBbjr4n1wdCspruXJDTk4Qfek7G4+JLa/S6triC1ulGFaPJK+u9bHp9nbRW6QWyqkS8jGM1I9LF5ew2toqB2I3YYA9yfT3rfHPg/9aOecOa/2PRQw9d+OrF7nqUck8/isscs0BDMxGyjHrTHUUawNt0+a6deoOou74atxIxyq4/iHNeiTyWnw90WO4hUSKpK2Skb3Ex2acj0GNvYV5d8WdHeRJer2rySXmTJLIzZ8T12PH0rqWZZGsWT2cyw8LyY0ano3xGLtVSWd9UT6UkOcZGxD/wB6H8W/h5uk3bmJLa6DKZFK5B3xrGPbv/WsX06+nurdWhPlJGogb/U+v86c6n1G4/6TdQzOHtwyiMjZ133HGPsa5pvg3jnuujpxrklkh/ZQCaCeZ7h7dbmUEaPKJMj/APtVlbjswz61UdXiFvJG0VrEomB8OK21FGbOxZtR1EZ4G3uafkkFw6rIgkIOQHt4nKr65Ygr/wDbNbbpPT7pumW11LEz2j4Ksg1kjJ2JA/lt9qwjBydJG0pqK2yg+G4+ofDfTrm9vIVVJQsUkLwkB1PofXfms/dG6+H7ySfp8rN0+4GFZRum+cH+Fh61o/j7qM3Ub+3s1lEVranXKqnDZ9CO2KoLY3c0wkQ24hl8jxTyhV8P0I5989q9J4JON1Vf+nn+WK032aSy+IupdViZuneFGiEa5ZGGQTwT3/lVtax/E8jOYuvBJE0nALkbj1zXfhT4Y6dZWV9NadT/ABNpJjWEYMbQ/wDkB86njO1P28ctvOY5J4fMoCmOQOGwe3fH1rPJ8n5EF/FUv0XiwfHydu2JTdc+JemIzdTgt+p2g2ZgvnA/n+tO23xH06/tg8T+EgwNLbkHuDVlGmoDZ3kOfKcDP0G+axnxj0lug9Ti6giKlvMwV4lyQx9D6GngzQ+Q+PyI/wBiy4Z/HXLBKjbsUePJAyDyD7Up4H7PzKxHIFRt3lUholZVbnyZ35xU5ZXCDCyHWeT/AJtXlSg4yaPUhPlFMCutlKEFl9BjC0OeNS5zqX0JXgn+lQklY4YPgA7j0oUxkaVC5JzvgNxn2oSY7DhTGzbBh3UDY05ConTAAyTuzHlfSq7ZCAWOg9mO4qyswiRqVc5O4OMAfanxFZ2OOUya0jJQjSNNEgVY5QbgFmOw7gUdS8DZ8mknGAuSN+Sfp6bV9JZyTKRGcHvvj74pcR2Vt4o0ExM4TGSQNsVWrAbiTVIhEHaMd/rVrch1QrKNKM3zDmlsvoHhnJ9aVBY9ZDUwAjGlFPA2H0plWGrKsxVsqGDYx9KV6bO2krImrG4K9/tRg0TvnzaCdWnOAPUY7UcR2AtPEDaTlcZ9icf170zoKtH8xX2GF3Pf7j9aKAoYyKVPm3LDH3zUhAkUkhJXURqXfkfbaihFe/iDLYQOCfKdyBn1G1V/U7KT8O8w8LxgAfJtsPrWkW1c6GUI5O22D74J4r6VlSFX8Pw3HmBzuD7EmgKPP4bQ9Q6W9o6/KCYn5yAdjt6Hb6GsbJBcJcPEYh4inBBHFeidbaaI+PbpoRiXUE/I3tj19KqF6RdX0q3kqQEyAZ8N23+u3NUn9kZF9GldLV0ZA6nPf0FDS3sMhlnCsBttnPvxQZEUljGoIXjSRtXbEYWVdHbb2NbWzm5sdEdpKHAlDeXnBx/zQfCjZVKyqEU7b/zr628K3DKdRkcb9sfSlwNS7kIB6n+n1pDWRoLFDHHM7JOrFuM8D9KYi8ME65Y1IGPKD+dViQyMT5gB65zmnba2DRM+c6cfNRYeRhzBG+nROoCggf3oX4CU/I6uuwCipwPHG4EkcgXO5x+dWMEqxL+zDJr2J9qAWVlZL06dod/DIO/Oy0NOlyE4dZDlcAY7VoVu4gCdILHbt9jQg85dsMugjfLbj7UA8r+inTpkgGXCqewPYewpaWGd31Y8udyRnJq7QqjSFjsc7aiPyNKW86RIw1SAljwwP55oF5Ss/DEjzQoCeDjk5r5Ym3UpkDcZGQDmrNzLOTrV323z3NDW2kR9TSlQNtOcY/PmgPKBjglIIMahTvnTsMV9HC8sbfskOng6Cc+lWUUaqTiZsvyAeRTheKMMzuxGMAZY/wAqBeb8GbFpKpJZAFxv+z4qwsOkEgE26ox5LJirBroE4HiBPTSD/OjRXsjKQPEP170DWcT/AOmIqpmCHTyGCZNT/ARorMI01EZxpGc+1OvKwjzplTA332oAmgwfEMrn/wAWO3tU0V5vwJS9ODltMK+vyjIof/SxGw1IC3BHG/firaF4mXZZMHuVOftTgbSuUDDvscZoUQWaykTpEc5XMA0543FTfpKopZogNs+UnBz2NWqRylmzM6b+uahJJbrqD3RdjsDng0+KDzFWelxqBmEIDuNBI/TNAXpi6CwVCQdi41MfzNW63Vuh0iOWT1ODj+dRlvGYForZ1jAwxIwce1LiLzCCWHgETRGSCRckNGdOPvmsj8BdON7064nMxWYzsWOcknJ3O1bcXaj5Uk0n+Js4rJdIuf8A8b+Jbq3cEWV4fFiOogbnJG3cZO3pW+CPLlD2zHNlqpfRorm2nijGentPtktFJpJ3x8pwefTNUNhEl11ySPqztbWMAM0sZfEnhg/KoJyM8V6Lc3vTryxNzbP+GuIxiS1Zzof/AMkbn7c1lLqxtryc3E8auyLkArkP9c9tuK2+PnfxpPRnngs6RFuqXPXp16jPBFBCBot4CVbwoxxseNsUG7UCCYlrZVZSpYKzMB9tq5edFtWtvEjZ7eQNhWjcYB9CDsazPXry4s4fwySiaaXMaJ4ehifU4OMe9Rji8s+XpG08kYQ4+2V/wlJLA174ULTRM5UNkoowasepdUsIYjJe26EE4ZUmRy/sRzS8aWtv0NbC7jk8MjLtjYnknIzjestN0dDITY39rJGeA+xH5c1lmm8k3I2xQ8caHOk9Oa/nnL3P4Erh1idA5CHOANXt9q9J+FetdDiz0Rbp1uLaME3EjZRyTvuDnO/0ryO76FfzFWW5S5fghSSFHbc1r/h3pd9adOhgtxbxHdpJWGo57jtURm4uzWTjKHFLZedb+B7W+M0nTuudLUy5MhllYsxzkkk5rU9G+GUhsYVtZfh6dgoHiM2rP3xXnPULP8Zbzw3FzJMxUgB9grdiAP6+td+G7hZrRbWaNRcRHQVPl0/lXZH5E8kdejhlhhjlv2eoXHSfiaNlezl6TEqjkTeUj0K4xgisI3xL0myvrK5sbVIrpbjwJ7WOMNCXB8wV+cH0q5EcDRKLuMzlMaNR2T0x7fXmsz1T4YkuurpcWbRWwJVmZYwZAw3yDxUr5NJqiXii5Wbu564vgOILfwVJ+dIyGBzxkEnH0pT/AFw6q9v0uH4dSQslukUrgwgHxivZhueQMVTxr1KysbiS560Jo8YUS24B9xsR7VT28nUfiTqq30iRXFvasCNcrKJWHoSDkA70sMeF5JdFZMnP+Ef7L8dWuCFNxG8TKNwsL7nHfO/vuaF/1ZpMaVmkONgqEDG4rSWBaNfNIwVt9OrVUpbgwy26vhkkyh1nIXPf9K5KOpZX9GUmv5FfEUUgYDBIgO36UB+pRa0GLgSAbloz+dbRLdnJLSAKDuAf5VB4rbVqZGlzsMjGn2GTQgWRsxrXsnjJ4xbw1O4RM/ltVzYdRjZyFW4KhcEGMgqfTv8AWreTp8DaDFGysN9J3Bo1vdrGVRBzkEtsP8+tFDc6RWR9QVBLgyauNIDf22pyLqcYlQC3neMjAZkYHP5elO3N+BEVHlZuN9jmk3ulPTyzAKQ2CMnbfb70heX8Fb1W9iaQRIpAkGzOjHg8UtLf26BYykpfHeFh96sjc+ZBIgfDavNj/BQxILtm8VHWPTpClsfqKZSyWVbdbmhaKNYWIPCoh1E52NN23WvEl0eBM+BwI8HPcb0EWYjmJaLWuTsRzirAtp2aIYxsBkY9xQNzogLu7ZG0Wcmge2MnfGf0pKKW9/FrJNBOETygIowPfHc8803ncsSSuQGx2qTSNGSmpgANsnn3pEvKct7+6TUktvcmMglDjc59uxqd3fTK4f8ABXLRkcLGBj3AJ3rk0joVABIcDB1bioJP+1lglJVd2UHfelSYeYQvJJ7i6VTYmKGNTraTTqffjn9as7SCSJWjiQrEGGle2PWk7lyjpv5WGSR6964kkjBgz5CjuaFFIPMDVo/AbZS2Njkg78CuIXCqnh42ycH70t4wBxGpPrk8f560R5da4lVdxjvkfetDmCNOHfGgYK4zqqLspkbCgYG4Az+tLzOySZjfZhsRvtX0RYscMAx9e9ADMZ50PnOxX0poTqi6pNJHHAO9Imd410BSpA39frXBcttupOMcYoGh15CJcRSNgnYcimEumeEqHJB9QRvVUkvJ9PQ4qwhmOg5DEehGc/XagDvSpo1kYSN+1zvqpqWZSNWCxz2zgmgFizBiqb5ByBvQmLE5QMF/9sbUA3ZMzlHJ1nt5Q9CkZ8M2EJbkkZ2qBMgbuyHk5BNdXwtRBJb232oJOJJg5aVRg8KcfyotsxOsqmtm2XWeK4Au/hKR6jGKnHO6nOjcc9/agQwpfRjBGBstdWZgx0tnHOM70CZHkU6eRvgVDw8FS0oBYb8kigB0OHIC5ZjucZFEOezANncA/wA6SidFfJKHfgL/AFpzPnOk5LDYFePvTpAkdR5F2DAj0780y0jKvzLqOxJpRhsTk5OMbjmoicA8ltXO55ooaQzJNOFIDJ7Y5FEilkcAMVO3Y0sr6kx5xkDehxyLI8i6z5exJ3oBKiw1NEMEjB4BGa4G0ZMcSMVPJXagpEi41KJPXJxj+9ReRinhxyaRzhVB/UUDDy3cwIAiXB41NjA+lDa4uDlSVUtjtk1xJPM2h21H33/IVJA0iFjK+M7BRikJ0LS7KNbg7kaRSXVLFeo27RT2ysrYIJbzLjgg9jVjhY3KsT7ZO5PvSN3cylSVIX6AZxTTa2gM80/U+gYOUu7UfLrcJKP6GhJ8bweGfFsL7P8ACDtVl+CFxJmddY/8t81M9KiUZePC4xznNdS+TJqppP8AaMl8aF6bX6KY/El11OV1srdLVTk+JcvqYfRad6b02CINNLI0tzIMPO7DJyePYewqc3TrMkyKhz3BQkCiW7FF0JGeP38YH0rLJmnNcel+DbFghjfJdg5oglw4iJkQDbJ5oKdEtblw81mu5+YgbnfOatVLBScKH+UFV5xQUmeNZFGlwrZ/aHBNYUdDf0S6dYwWpeIQhQACuRtv7VYtDHsGK5UZBGc1WyXcjTiRlXUy86dvpik26hNDoZyPMMHAxtSommWs0EZSQCIexK8VRdR6SHZZUcW12g2nG23ofWuN1OaObKnyZ2yM5FRuJ3nUckDjUKuDcXcTOatVIrR8SXdi/h3EEV4V/wDkibB9ODTEnxjPp/ZdIZWJBBd9hgY7UWGKIs2tBvvjHNOL4ZkZQI9I5wOB711L5Mn2k3+jnXxoP7/7K+2jPWXD9QvUdCDi3iBRfoTyfpWl6PGIbJkXAMY8qrgYx2FUskcSxlowMgZ2YCi9NkVZCS2A451Gssk5ZHcmdEMcccaijSxXCmaMgpqdcY9P96+vNMvy4MkbA4xjNV50yBhAPkHlZWxg04FLAZ0hiBuu9ZUN62MzXkflLaQr8bZ37Uqb1YmKnLtqz8p/TegXIAt5bbQWc7qdPFRRw6oWdtwM+XfPcAUqKTLJ+qwgo+HKtt8h3pL8Ss8uIkLBgTpK8H0oNwXCxsxOpX1EY/pRgyoX8NRnP+CgTpIP5VdCx9wvoaPJKV1alXJ5B4NVk0jagQ22xGO1TMrSIwzqyO3aghMPbukrFXAwNxg4/OjeOmspjIA3IPqNqqRIyEkHGoYIPYVNXJPmJXI/4pCND0rpd712Zk6ZbTTzouZEjHb1PtQer9NuulTG36hbS204GQsgI29vUVz4e+Ib/oV2brptw0Tt5XBGpXHOCDzv/OjfE3xX1H4kaOTqcsbiFSIkRQgGeePWnRbZUw7aiSCj8rnmvpSJEypJZRjJ3NDQIWcs4BHvXwYHZZMYqaF2FjKaPOw45PIoFy0SjzuXII42JHehNL+0UasncHb9aHdsQxy3PtinQ2qDSmN1RSdKj5MEbVEEA+IDlv3h6gd6UhkAJDPke9TWTAxGxZexzsPv6UUSkfABlwsYAQ41Dv8AWuBWwoBYsSQB2xTMsIWNlLbY1aT3oIwWLEhREBimCFTGxJz2GcelSC7fMFU9wKkVGnupPA080SK3Zz/CAN6LA5EgYEMq7jYkkVxo1LMRgJ6HemhA+kMDsR+8uMj1FDnjOcbBzyQeKAshHCjcnyD0G9EEIjxzkDzDuK+0kY8xABwP71MxYJ0hw7HNAWS8JTAjEE74OCf5VIRYBELMF53IGaIqnyx6myecjg0TwWK6NR/9ioFAhCRCrFWxnbB/rXFYhtO5bOPLTbQuHAdd+xxkYqcdtJIyCJSNI1HI2HqaLCiI7BgIyRznepxR8hiSxGckb1NbdiAGdQDsc03DAfEJZl2wPXYe1ACc7eFypORzU4nRy3lC6sDSd81K/i17ltkGwrkNt4ke5APO+xoFREeGJXWPGAM8UXBGlhnA/OuNbhQx1E5Yb44o4VA7ajllxvj8qdjSAtGMKMDfYZ3INCIWIn9tqI9AKOUBkwQMr5jk7UTwl8PdVBPGBQP0KCWT+MkCpRGVsMFIJ51r/vTWhEcZAGobDbmg3cphgygOonGCe9AJMnCjljrlAA7ACprbx41SyHccFsZoIiYxs5IyRqqMqMUU5yccYzmlYqJuiKwEPhE+wJr6AYbMuVYHGkbDFQtxgctg8ADajOpcBlQeYZJzjFFgkCvCVkOD5eeMgD60rIfHEuDqIOwXIqRhkDHU+jB+UHeoIjqXJkfnBLD3oLapEYhpIyGK528uTXWncL+xU59W/wAxQLxGcEqzYByN8AiiXEbfhyChC7b96YvyQjuFbUurUCM54/T1oGqLGQ+kMCMjBBrkMKxXDq4YgjdsYx9a5cRwRyYCg6RgjGc0GiR1fEZNETrJtsdWaA6yROwcorc4xk4otuSkIAUgZ5A4/KoufE1lgzn3OO1IaYq0hI2XKgknG1AYK+oBWG23f8qa1HIDowwMDbY0J0LY+bbvQKUqFdDBG2yR3J3rpBwdioNGZTkgKRXCSrjKhvruKpGXK9EIzvvkehxvTCBnX5jnPtuPSvlXfAB0c0aNNSlRsTvxQiU6ItASuEAUH29aCtpJE6kHT2JLc1YwDClSSQAONhRGsnZw6yYiHAxk/wC1BrGX2cs4XjlJbI9SD/SnYJMArkhlO2e1LyiaLQC6oc8Dn65qVu+udxKRkDbY4NAcb7GGlcgachc5OeRS9wSj51nnI3zS911IjCANiM4O2CSaIokaEvMmhsZOk5wPWkyZJogS2QdZbPOah5jqOpic52o5gKkZyd9jUJQwHlb64O9IlWCG643O/pRlOO7R749ce9JudJIdnzwBnmlbhZ7qWRrMXIjVNZQMrYx6nHFBUYtli+ss2vSPU5oqKyowAG3Oeaz0U9xqfMzEHbGlT/SnYJJWz4lwSTjbA3/SgvxlmUbwCytsN9zUIySw/ebHJpOZbsO3huMkZUFBuPSoW12yyCO6wH4DDgmgXAeiwrMWU57e9dLBoWcYyvOBz9qjFKznTowx2Bz3+lC1A+VsZBwRig04o+kDyFyuytx2xQ1+dlOdxnHvT2k7DT5SM5zt96A6RBlOJAoI4GRjv9qBd9gJDpkVEyRzsOaGJS3lUD0GQdqsWhSSFgxJycgEbn6UDCiM7D796ApUWUgkVcaQyBue/wBKUkXVgFWXtxxT8WfFyG0Z42yB719PGWJBIZtgcc5oMROK31az4mnA28tTjtgWA1HLED6UYQvGhZCHPONO9GRd91AP8JWgAi2p8IqXDaNxjINLXFuwOpX1tjGMZz7UzJA+GK6cj25qMiNHHqLc4GCtAgFtaBjqkYrpOcD1poWEYOpXYsePb8q7bMxi8ORNEg2DOe3r9DTaeXCiQBh2U7UDQhDY6Tl3IcH5R3olvFowHLMCeWNGmYwjSCck7Y9KXmnK5CEMDwSKCRrwopHwrE9vLwKOkYSQqrEHTgnsc0CBBJCpO7ck6dv+a64YmNgjOCdzjce/0pfkpbOSMqyRoRnUcZxjaljE/wCP1aiVHy+h+tNSW7m4jcZ8NiN23xijNgbHUCPXnNMu0kBmjkQAMust82wG1QLkoCIyudvejliU+bOeN6G0crNsR9GNBPL8HGcJCShDbZJxvXLVHkiLvpYZBzsM0UWweEJN5QDjYd/XNGtrTQmNZJYbgAYOKB6oibciIeZBqGAQM4rmnOysnuVHcdsUST9io1EYHBO350ok5EhcaRk7tnBzTGo2ic1v4joWnXY74HNfXlg0yhYp0G5cgDGaKJcoqgZLE7DvX0JmfIeQKuRjSMUWVTQFLLCldbORjcbge2KKkaoqBlwVP0J+1EVJInc+IAo3Or0qLzJjCSIx42/tSJlZMwiQsNCjB5POMflQhagSaEkAQJgKSce9fM0qBVhVWzudRwaMC8erUQGAzzn60qM0n2KrYykNkpoOwxk596ibbwVbTE7M+fMTjFMzMVjwzKN80BZ4TqGWdj6b0WDbAtApGkBMZyRzXXgySAMA/TJx2ohmU7COVfU5ruuKFCW8qHbcc0xWyru4VDl5EdQ2NxvsBS5e1Ulhkc71bsYyp0/Yf0pK9iSaPQ6ZYY2ZsYoNIu9FE8m7+HI4jPbGwqQnfVjQSvGrOSaaNsQACmN8DbAx964bXQWEbA5Hag0uIKNmfAaMnGPbNd8BjnykDOxNMLAjAiY4QY05PJosgcACIjT2GcgigyyOPSE2gIXZCB+h+lQjiUPpIXPoRvTWiR8tqwfY1xY238XDD6ChGar2RNqFcYXUuxzjGKKsDIAzIMsN8CpiJmGVbLHdRjfFSijlyfEXC8A53FBSJLD4pbRG3m7ntTCxmFBFpZ2JB7bGvghIAy2MZyNgaVmmUOIl1BhuQ3ce1OxpXpEL9ZJJjJmOMIdPqc/SlHmVA5cnIOxzjc0vdXBjHiHdWGdJPJ9qRVJLhvEnKs52XPyqP6n3pWdCWiwWxe6jeaTSq/KFHv8A5zViyNHbeGDpcgKSRzSlkbhCXaC4lVQFDKQADjgk1YRwtLGZZmBGCSqtjA+vPr+RPFLkTKEpOhCOKeaPDyHGCBpxqFBkiiiVi8ihQM7vpyO/FLXl9NMGFsWitxsG/ef3z2H6/SqqQEyhhErsdix3Jo5GnBJFnJdWTEt4ihz/AAljXYnt5dSo5BXzZUg4/OqxydAwVPcjSOfahDU2SQAff0ppgkWcsL5/ZnWV3OpsAD60x0+cKTHNhXJyNQ5+9UsMksIxGxUNucHP2xRlvGDlJlBXjUBtQJx5I0+nkhsAb4pQ2Kzlmcd8gY70pYt4Kq6xJIh30nH6Gr2GSOeHXFs3ykdx9amzBpxKV4HtgTrOOBsScUxsQAACpGx96s1hPhkDcDYgjikriB7MG5jAeJR5omG/vpNNM0hNPsEQEOWydJ3xwD9BTZjWaBvCOGK59xQrW7tbhWJ0MjrgOcgD2I7b0cgQyBVXxJCMB9wuO2M0yha0y/gs54JQqTx7021ugTI7ebTjmm2giwrOi+I3cDG/cn1rrxKykLue+WFBNisAMmSuAeMGmWidUAIUEYYE7GnAipZakGCVH86XuZ38AYx5iAdqDFo+swDC2vcemdxTEbr4hCKSw3pO2uZDhcjnHFN6iUjx5c5zigQB3ldNlBOeMZ2zSTn9owYFh23qygGJEGTgmgTsfxo4GQeBQBJJklwpj+VdiT+lct3CzkHSowME/wC1EUaUIHcV2FMz8ncYoYEL6RvCR4wDhuN/vUUsyYtb/NySDTEYBhcYGAf5UaTzAqwBCnAB+lFADhjQAKSzA8EjYU5o0rgOQQOKB8iqEOAc8VKRivh+5A59qBBkZQTuSQBvmuOqHTqG/r70q/ljfBJ45PvToARRjcZA3oBiiRRg+UtjOQxOCPpRIkEsfmGrHfO/1NcuZ2jZ1ULgcbUtDcSNqVjkc8UNgnssrcW8UOGLlgcgsN6OVQkFRkflSETkjQdweacY9sDAFCHbJPkLgJlSe4qDKhbSI1Gd8+homoglT5hgnfepKdURyBQLk0L+AmlQynUNgSSdvSgG3zIUSYjB4Axn2Bpi8coAFwMmh2hOt/Y+lBSmzsVlCqsrrI7kcsxPeoFTHq/Dx5wANlxk+9Hd2JYE9h/PFRvJjZ2xaFV8pwMimPlYuqTSAa42UnYlR3+9ckjWMHVrySAe5NTsLia5udUkhAG+ldhVihG2UU7Z3+tSHKiuQ62KrGQ3GT2+ldltomj8wBI+YA4BqyaNI41KKFJPb3oKgJHhQBggZxvQJu+ijUrbyN+1JUchW8wPoc18807nMAJHPnwAPpVgkEbvJI6hmz3+uKU8JBIgTKDX+6aZSoUmt7iQtKoTUNyoO4HtXyhpXVpdbNjJLKML7VYSTusmkYwdtxRNIe18Rt2A59aTCTpCDqQpWRc9tSrn9Kg0CuxdCAoHfvTDZkjRmJBc7ke2KIEBJyTkZ34NMy9CjhzhfLj2wc0sZR4mEXykDOBsBViyjwoXwAT6ACk71AMlRpODwccUFRjy0ACnLFVAXOPSui3dvnKZB4NPK2oIpA0ltOMdqi5+cYHl42oMmuLBBNsAhVOx7frRo4FIch9eO3c/Sg9Q/ZWxKeu+d87gb0Cc4WMgYwhO31NB0Y1yRYLbGWLMUkeEO5Hr9PWkL2FMa8APjYg7Z/vQH/Yqhj2zz+dFe7k8BsaQNhjG2/NKzVQpmfe2MlzJ+JUId9JB2GP71YJGiZA0ggacV9KNQcHO3ocelAbyQjPmznOaRog8twsTo4lmLttg7K3b+9E6hedPkQ29vco0zMI9K5zyAwJx7H8zQI0DsqEsAw3wcd6sEyLVsEglC5ION8Mc/oKlopMr7eJGmllk3CkqVIyMAZP51SuqsCwJUEZ0jv3q+ilZepGMYw4Vj9Tgf1NUU4EVxIigaVcj32NJIpgFSPKeIzgEjOOwz2o09jHCJ8OxeA+ZNYO3GeP8zUTIZThwpxkDbgelXMMCz26SuzZkg8y7YO309q1RBm9Oo7ByPVRQ5iunVrCAd2PFNRSlN1C+cjO2f85peVFZUBUYGCB6UCoNZTxu5jeZtCnzFWGfrV3YTBY1ltWDqBg75D49Pf8A471m4EWG5MiKNbY1E9/rWn6dDGtzBEqhY/EGw+p/sKlhVrZZRzGQMUZdR5OrFdyHQiQagVJOajEiomFAAGBxTjLm2AydwTnvSRzVsoXsWgLT2R0S4ywY5DKPUVZdNuFuFLMo8cfNqPy/SoWyBrlo+FaMMcc5xTk0SopA3wvJ5ps0k6Wggc6QEHnG6rr2NK+MyzMrKGPrnihnyHKk5qMgzGH1MGx2PvQY22f/2Q==
