##A special report on the epidemic period

Micro-signal Mengbeiyu

Feature Introduction, an anachronistic cynic's thought and attempt.

As a special chapter of the epidemic: A food for thought

I put the epidemic period of the article alone, named "epidemic period special chapter" , in order to facilitate later classification search.

The previous article said that Yuhe village isolation observation point set was hindered, fortunately, spring eye village has a valley of the old farm home, so in two days to the urgent transformation of the farm home to a second isolation observation point.

Soon, the first quarantined officer arrived at the quarantine observation point. He was a middle-aged man doing business outside the province. He was a friend with a confirmed case history. During the Spring Festival, he carpooled with the confirmed ratio to go home. He was the driver and the confirmed case history was the passenger, he drove back to Ziwu County with the confirmed case file. Soon his friend began to have a fever and cough, which became a suspected medical record. In fact, by this time, everyone already knew that something was wrong.

But because only the provincial center for Disease Control and Prevention is qualified to confirm the case history, the county hospital immediately sent the patient's sample to the province. At that time, the county still blocked the news, before the province announced the diagnosis, ! No one wants to cause panic. What if it's a false alarm. Then the people who caused the panic may not be forgiven.

But there are no walls around the world, these two days, everyone in private rumors, the county government also conducted a refutation, only said that a person returned to the country had adverse reactions, is not yet sure whether or not a case of coronavirus pneumonia. However, the rumormongers have not been prosecuted, because no one can determine whether the "rumors" in the end is a rumor.

Two days later, the provincial center for Disease Control and Prevention finally confirmed the man as a confirmed case of coronavirus pneumonia. The municipal and county governments officially announced that the first case of coronavirus pneumonia was found in Ziwu County, Sanjiang City. At this point, people began to panic, thought backcountry, down and out even the virus are disdainful patronize, but now Mengran found that the virus has quietly come to our side. We always thought that if we were going to find a case in Sanjiang, it would be in the densely populated, mobile city of Tam Giang, where millions of people live, but the first case was in a town in Ziwu County.

Soon we received an order from the county government to take our close contact, Fang mou, to an isolation observation point for medical observation. The isolation observation point is equipped with a doctor, a police officer and a number of town and village cadres.

That night, it was drizzling outside. In the Fifth Floor Meeting Room of the government office in Niaoyuhua, the lights of the headquarters for the prevention and control of coronavirus pneumonia were on. Secretary Yellow Emperor was cursing on the phone, and standing next to Ji Qiang, the platoon leader of the confluence village militia.

I was frantically making up ID card numbers and phone numbers in front of my computer for the list I had found, because some information was missing from the list that had been compiled by village and community cadres. The County Party secretary demanded that no one sleep until every blank space on the form was filled, and we couldn't wake up 300 families in the middle of the night and convince them to give us their ID numbers and phone numbers, so in order to get the job done and go to bed early tonight, we acquiesced in the idea of making up ID cards and phone numbers.

Secretary Huang shouted into the phone: "Director Zhang, now you say to me that there is no ambulance, how can there be no ambulance? The documents in the county clearly state that vehicles will be provided by the county second hospital to help transfer the quarantine personnel. Now you give me a no car, how can we transfer the case? "? Yes!"

"Liu, what you said is impossible, the people are scared to death, we go to investigate and let our staff stand far away, for fear of bringing the virus to him, who would want to use their own cars to load suspected patients? Money or life What, keep it a secret That's even more impossible, do the common people have the right to know, if you hire someone's car and don't tell them it was used to transport the quarantines, then it's Ok to be known, and what if something really happened Who? !"

"Director Li, you call your people now, come two, an hour later to the government, we immediately go to the home of Fang so-and-so, persuade him to quarantine observation point, you ready protective clothing. What? ! Your men won't go ？! Scared? Not a single person willing to go ？! You're doctors and nurses and you're scared, but the rest of us are scared to death? This is a critical moment for you, you are medical personnel, at this time you are the most should be in the front line, now your people say they are afraid, then who will transfer the patient, do I have to find one of them ？! I do not care, transfer room so and so when there must be medical staff present, it is impossible to a doctor and nurse did not move the room so and so. I must report this to the higher authorities. You medical workers have such an attitude!"

Huang hung up the phone viciously, went to the window to look at the rain, went to the door, went to the window again staring at the outside drizzle, went to the door again, so several times later, Huang Secretary said to Ji Qiang: "Ji Qiang, are you afraid? "

Ji Qiang said: "what do I have to be afraid of, what do you say, I work on the end, when the soldiers want to die I do not fear, now also afraid of you a little pneumonia? "

"Well, there are no doctors or nurses from the hospital willing to come, " Huang said. "They are all afraid to take part in the transportation of the quarantines. I may have to hold them accountable for this, but I can not take care of it tonight. I'M GONNA have to get Dean Li Mu Down here, and you're gonNA find two militia men you can trust, me, you, Li Mu, and two militia men, and we're GONNA take Fannie to observation tonight. It can't wait any longer. It's raining tonight. It's the best time to send it. It's too conspicuous to send during the day. It's easy to cause panic."

Ji Qiang nodded and said, "yes, I'll get someone right away. "

Ji Soon found two young men, Huang, JI and the two militiamen whose only protection was their face masks. They knew they were transporting close contacts of a confirmed case. Weren't they afraid? No, I don't think so, Secretary Huang and Ji Qiang are both under 40, Secretary Huang has a daughter who is in primary school, and Ji Qiang has two children, I think they are still very worried, but by this time they can not possibly back down, raising a thousand days of troops, this is when the people need them.

President Li soon arrived, and sure enough, there was only one person, except the oldest president of the hospital, none of whom was willing to take part in the operation.

Secretary Huang asked, "do you have any protective clothing? "

President Li replied, "yes, but only two sets. "

"That's all right, " Huang said. "You have a set, Ji Qiang has a set, and I and the other two will go with you. Try Not to make contact with Fang under any special circumstances. Is the car here? "

"No ambulance, but I borrowed a seven-seater from a friend. It's downstairs, " Li said. "I told my friend not to return it until it's completely sterilized. "

"Ok, " Huang said. "Is there any quarantine? "

"there is isolation, " Li replied. "I made a simple isolation facility myself. After a while, Ji Qiang and I will sit in the back with Fang in protective clothing. You can just sit in the front. "

"Ok, let's go now, " Huang said. "after that, it's time for Fang to go to bed. " The party went downstairs, and I was still revising the form, and for a moment I thought, perhaps this is the last time I will see them, if they really came down with pneumonia, they will regret participating in this operation? There is a kind of Wind Xiao Xi easy water cold, a strong man went Xi no longer return the feeling.

I was suddenly angry at the doctors and nurses at the health center. Doctors are great, but not all doctors, because no one in the world is great because of their profession, people are great because of what they do. This is a time when medical personnel are using their professional skills, and some people are holding back and starting to spare their lives. They may be hired on a temporary basis, but they are the ones who get the "iron rice bowl" through the heavy examination system. They are the ones who eat the king's bread and serve the king. This is exactly the time when the people need them, one by one with iron rice bowl of professional prevarication, but no professional knowledge, do not receive wages of the militia to the first line of epidemic prevention.

I'm ashamed of you.

Share this article with everyone you know

WECHAT SWEEPS UP Praise for author

####Send it to the author

People Admire

Long-press the QR code to transfer the funds to me

Under apple's new rules, wechat's iOS version of the APP has been turned off to support public accounts through Qr code transfers.

Go to "discover"-"take a look" browse "friends watching"

Sent

####Send it to take a look

Sending

A scan of wechat
Pay attention to the account


-------------
title: A special report on the epidemic period
source: ji-ceng-xu-gou-gu-shi
authors: _
editors: _
proofreader: _
photographer: _
translator: _
via: https://github.com/2019ncovmemory/nCovMemory
link: https://mp.weixin.qq.com/s/XZJLTaSuF8ECze4ozUzTIQ
archive: http://archive.is/9RuM4
snapshot: https://github.com/2019ncovmemory/nCovMemory/blob/master/archive/jpg/973.jpg
lead: From time immemorial, we have had people who work hard, who work hard, who plead for the people, who sacrifice their lives for the law... even if it is equal to the "official history" of the genealogy of the emperor, it often fails to cover up their glory, this is the ridge of China.
cover: data:image/jpeg;base64,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
