##A special chapter on the epidemic period (the inheritance of bureaucracy)

Micro-signal Mengbeiyu

Feature Introduction, an anachronistic cynic's thought and attempt.

A special episode of the epidemic: The inheritance of bureaucracy

The last time a reader asked me a question, "how to safeguard the normal welfare of cadres and workers? " , and then I wrote an article entitled "safeguard the Normal Welfare needs of employees policy escort, " which did not answer the question, but just told a few stories, then I put forward my view that I think the difficulties of normal welfare payment for cadres and workers lie in "dare not" and "no money" , not necessarily correct, but Tossing out a brick to get a jade gem, hope to help everyone.

A reader recently asked me another question, "why didn't Secretary Yellow Emperor, a top student at 985, make some changes at the grassroots level? " This was a good question, which I had not thought of before.

Putting a 985 graduate student as Party secretary in a remote township, I think, was organized in the hope that he would inject some energy into the grass roots and bring about some change, so why hasn't there been a noticeable change? Is Secretary Huang incompetent? Secretary Huang doesn't want to?

No. I think in his efforts to change the grass-roots bureaucracy, the higher-level bureaucracy first assimilated Huang.

The bureaucracies of Birdsong Flower town... were not created by themselves, they were infected, not that no one had ever fought... but that those who fought had failed. Bureaucracy, it can never be a simple headache, foot pain, bureaucracy is like a potato in the ground out of a bud, you pull it hard pull, can pull out a string of vines, vines with countless sweet potatoes.

Therefore, we can never solve the local bureaucratic problems, but should dig to the root and root, completely change the bureaucratic environment.

I have complained many times in my articles that Huang likes to talk long and eloquently, but this was not the case when he first came to Niaoyuhuazhen. I remember one thing very clearly:

At that time, Lao Xiang was still in the poverty alleviation office. We held a working conference on Poverty Alleviation. Lao Xiang was the first one to go up for training. After just five minutes of speaking, Secretary Huang came down from the stage and ran to me and said, "Beiyu, are you the second speaker? "

I said, "Yes, Lao Xiang is the first, I am the second, Huahua is the third. "

Huang said disapprovingly, "when you go up there, don't make a long speech like Lao Xiang. You haven't reached the end of the speech at all. Look at the village cadres around you. Who is listening to him carefully. When you go up there, you must get to the point and not talk about empty things."

Afterwards, Huahua and I were brief and to the point. The fact is the same, some virtual do not say, some is not the key do not say, some key but for a while to say it does not make sense, said useless.

There are some problems that everyone will encounter. If you can explain them clearly in a few words, then explain them clearly in the meeting. The first impression you hear from your own ears will be much deeper. There are some problems with too much detail and too many points to pay attention to, you don't have to talk about it, but you can use pictures, materials, and practical demonstrations to explain it. If you ask people to ask questions in a meeting, you'll never be able to explain it clearly. If you talk clearly, people won't remember it, don't talk about it in the meeting; it's a waste of time.

So Secretary Huang wasn't like this at first. He was almost the most anti bureaucracy and formalism when he started his job, but how did he change little by little to become the man he is now? Of course, I do not mean that he is now completely bad, from the "money of a King" that you can see that he is a key moment to dare to assume, dare to meet the challenges on the grass-roots leading cadres. But there are some changes in him that he does not even know he has made, compared to the ambitions he had when he first took office.

The first step in the inheritance of bureaucracy is to deny.

When an ambitious young man is trying to get his hands dirty in a new position, the biggest blow to him is the rejection from his superiors. Huang also had a high spirit, pointing out the way the country was run, but when Wang Gang, a member of the Standing Committee, arrived, he often dismissed Huang's radical and innovative plans and turned to the old routine. This is normal, a radical employee, in the entrepreneurial phase is a good thing, in a conservative phase is a disaster.

Wang Standing Committee is already at the Deputy County level. There is little hope of promotion to the county level. His most important goal now is to secure his retirement at this deputy county level. Therefore, he does not need innovation, except for "data-based innovation" , all real innovation is risky, and the last thing Wang needs is risk.

Huang, on the other hand, is young, well educated and capable. He is in the prime of his career, full of entrepreneurial drive, and has a long track record of education that forces him to aspire to more efficient ways of working. This has led to a clash of ideas between him and Wang. If he does not satisfy Wang, he will be abandoned by him and miss his golden career.

Every new young man has had his chance, and the town is short of men, so every man has his chance to show himself. And what is good, what is bad, what can not be used, what can be used, what can be all for me, the standard is actually all in the leadership of one mind.

Those who can not be used, let him do idle; those who can be used, let him do something practical; those who can be used for me, focus on training, positive promotion. For example: Sun Is afraid to stay is not able to use, the leadership assigned to him half of the things, he will be able to evade to complete; I should be somewhat useful, so poverty, floods, epidemic have put me to go, but always subject to people's clamp down; And like Liu Hezhong, Fang Linyu these people have been promoted to the county, that is, I can use the people, many leaders directly put them "guarantee" vice-level leadership.

It's a little sour, I'll admit. It is sour. Liu Hezhong, Fang Linyu and other people I admire, although the time than I started later, but their work passion and ability is obvious to all. What saddens me is, whether it is Prince of Changyi, Fang Lin, or Su Mao and Dong Zhuo, in the past few years, all the people promoted in Niaoyuhuazhen have actually written materials, and those who do business jobs will never be promoted, write material always firmly occupy the grass-roots promotion list.

That's a long story. The first step in the bureaucratic succession is denial, which is accompanied by the selection and elimination of, for example, Secretary Huang. If he can not quickly change himself to the satisfaction of the Wang Standing Committee, then the Wang Standing Committee will ignore him in the selection process, secretary Huang must be ready to be a secretary in the township for the rest of his life.

The second step in the inheritance of bureaucracy is to shape.

Random Secretary Huang needs to change himself to conform to Wang's preferences. But how hard it is to imitate someone, to pretend to be someone we're not, to become someone we're not, to be something we're not, to be something we're not.

For example, we often have such a person around, a very lofty person, because lofty and suffered a lot, so he decided to secular, thoroughly to be a vulgar person, the final result is often ostracized everywhere. He was too much of a poser among the Laity, and too much of a snob among the superior, and as a result he could not stay in either circle.

Secretary Huang began to imitate hard, began to give up some of their own ideas and principles, began to accept some bureaucratic way of doing things, for example, the assignment, the long speech, the literature and Mountains meet the sea... in this process even let the yellow secretary taste the sweet spot: In the past scratch the head can not solve the problem, now apportions to the subordinate on the line, oneself is only responsible for supervising the subordinate's completion, instead of thinking about how to solve the problem, do I take this more seriously by talking for two hours instead of 30 minutes in a meeting? Before a lot of things to be responsible for, now a meeting issued documents, you can move down the responsibility, the name is called "compaction of responsibility. ". Doesn't it smell good?

A person who has always been strict with himself, suddenly give up on their own requirements, he will be much easier. For example, I always ask myself to update an article every day, if I relax this standard to weeks or months, I will feel relaxed.

Therefore, to embrace bureaucracy is both a passive act for him, because his immediate superior is the standard by which the formalism considers itself, and an active act, under the interaction of various factors at present, indeed, bureaucracy is the best way to maximize the benefits of bureaucracy. It is a necessary option for him to realize his value in a grass-roots environment where bureaucracy is prevalent.

And I have to admit, he made the right choice. From what we know of him, we have every reason to believe that he will have the opportunity to go on a bigger stage and do better than many people do now. Just an actress with excellent acting skills, or have to rely on the "hidden rules" in order to have a play, it is sad.

So, the second step in the bureaucratic legacy is shaping, and with that comes intimidation, intimidation of the mission that can't be done, intimidation of the consequences of the mission that's on the line, when you can't do the mission that's almost impossible, and Jealous of its consequences, most people have to resort to bureaucracy, which doesn't solve the problem, so at least solve the responsibility. Even so, it's better than a lot of people who start out thinking about responsibility and never think about problem solving.

The third step in the succession of bureaucracy is promotion.

It is also the last step of bureaucracy, and how can one ensure that it can be passed on seamlessly from one group of people to another, some of whom are formalism and some of whom are pragmatic? The most important thing is promotion.

Bureaucrats only promote bureaucrats, just as doers only value doers. Most people do not promote a person who opposes their own way of doing things, so who can firmly grasp the line of Promotion, who can pass on his style of doing things. It turns out that bureaucrats can always control the line of Promotion, because at least in Ziwu County, most county-level leaders are not from a specific business background, most of them are promoted by writing documents, speeches, press releases and secretaries.

I know there are a lot of people who work in government writing, but let me explain: I'm not saying that writing is bad, I'm just saying that writing is no better than doing a specific business.

The interests of the broadest group of people can only be served if there are multiple points of view at a decision-making level, especially at the municipal and county levels, where specific measures are often assigned, however, our current situation is often that "the Standing Committee of ten cities and counties and nine secretaries are born" , which leads them to always look at problems from a single perspective, and the conclusions they draw up and the measures they take are inevitably one-sided, the result can only satisfy a part of people, meet the requirements of a part of people.

The revelry of a few is common among bureaucrats.

County Trade Unions organize township cadres to participate in the workers'Spring Festival party. The organizers are young people from the core departments at the county level. This also determines the direction of the whole Party, as they can only see part of the party. More than 200 people took part in the whole Party, more than half of them were representatives from various towns and townships. However, the main content of the party was the revelry around the county-level departments, their jokes, their points, and the people they mentioned, are county-level unit staff can understand, or even only a few departments of staff can understand, township cadres like to applaud them specially, no sense of participation.

This is limited by the limitations of the thinking of local personnel.

Above all.

To curb bureaucratism, we must start by eliminating the environment in which it grows and interrupting the transmission of bureaucratism. We must evaluate a thing in terms of its practical effects and avoid arbitrarily setting tasks that are clearly impossible to accomplish, we should promote more cadres who are responsible and do solid work. In short, it is to do things from the point of solving problems rather than solving responsibilities, to improve the rationality of arranging and arranging work, to improve the fairness of promoting cadres, to judge heroes by their actual abilities, and to enrich the source of cadres'promotion, avoid decision-making layer uniformity.

Share this article with everyone you know

WECHAT SWEEPS UP Praise for author

####Send it to the author

People Admire

Long-press the QR code to transfer the funds to me

WECHAT's iOS version of the APP has been turned off to support public accounts through Qr code transfers due to apple's new rules.

Go to "discover"-"take a look" browse "friends watching"

Sent

####Send it to take a look

Sending

A scan of wechat
Pay attention to the account


-------------
title: A special chapter on the epidemic period (the inheritance of bureaucracy)
source: ji-ceng-xu-gou-gu-shi
authors: _
editors: _
proofreader: _
photographer: _
translator: _
via: https://github.com/2019ncovmemory/nCovMemory
link: https://mp.weixin.qq.com/s/filREdbr2ARagCfAVLgxhg
archive: http://archive.ph/EQSRu
snapshot: https://github.com/2019ncovmemory/nCovMemory/blob/master/archive/jpg/1894.jpg
lead: I also know that it is easy to say, it is difficult to do, and it can not be accomplished overnight. We need to emancipate our minds and improve the system for decades. But even a little change, the benefit will be countless grass-roots cadres, and the whole society, is worth fighting for.
cover: data:image/jpeg;base64,/9j/4AAQSkZJRgABAQAAAQABAAD/2wBDAAMCAgMCAgMDAwMEAwMEBQgFBQQEBQoHBwYIDAoMDAsKCwsNDhIQDQ4RDgsLEBYQERMUFRUVDA8XGBYUGBIUFRT/2wBDAQMEBAUEBQkFBQkUDQsNFBQUFBQUFBQUFBQUFBQUFBQUFBQUFBQUFBQUFBQUFBQUFBQUFBQUFBQUFBQUFBQUFBT/wAARCADMAeADAREAAhEBAxEB/8QAHQAAAgIDAQEBAAAAAAAAAAAABAUDBgECBwgACf/EAEcQAAIBAwMCAwYEBQIEBAUDBQECAwAEEQUSIQYxE0FRBxQiYXGBCDKRoRUjQrHB0fAzUmJyCRaC4RckQ1PxJUSiY3OSwtL/xAAcAQACAwEBAQEAAAAAAAAAAAAAAQIDBAUGBwj/xAA4EQACAgEEAQMCAwYFBQADAAAAAQIRAwQSITFBBRNRImEUMnEGgZGhsdEVI0LB4TNScvDxFjRD/9oADAMBAAIRAxEAPwCmXcpZlZRgD5VRZIiRzk5x86YzczHco2707EBtpoA0Sx95JUyGMgjartkGmARZRPbSGME/QHgH1oAIjbG7xE3gcA55xQBPDeQQgnwQWoAkuJrS/QB5vDaMEgnsKE6EDxWsTwNifcAOGRD/AJoskiSCVLZSyHg8AsMkmgBrZW8d3l0O6TjJK8fpQSsaTPcaaPHguVtVOI2DDAYf606T7HupCOSykvtTnm96hhi8NY2SRTkMGJBHl2NasOVY+Gea9Y9Mn6jBKDpoZJpxs7YSS3cbQdv5XGD+ma7Wnz45vafKvUf2f1Wkg80kmvsA38ggfwkmEhbA2gHODWzJFJnF0l19So10i/ka+GceDhkbyx9vXiudmx3Fns/SsyxZV8Ff1y5itb3x5WQRuOJInGfuvrWKB9TTtAPS+rWt3qCorl5MEu7t8R9ML6ZrdCG7hHG9UzPT4HP9EXK5WeK9lRQH3KrBx/UD6Vpxrjk+dazK5yrsayX1wumW0pAkKFoHRjwy/mGf1NUuK9xpfqb8eWUdLCTXlr/cUr4d7KDbOA+CTC5xj/tY9/p3q1Nx7M305P8Ap9/AHPM0EzByUccEMPP6VYueUU21w+CSO7yPhUMAOadEHJI3adWx4Y5zySOAKZV7ifRNDdTEYUhz9MYpdmTJL4JGuSRjAB9aKK94Ml0VGWYd/wBeab4IwbboRP1jaRSQK7Es8pDqByF5/wBK404tts+5aPGsWGMPhE3/AJltrm/lt7YBlCCQsD5k4wRWrSpq2zw/7ZRjPDiXm2FW90bhgisoB7s3ZR6n5V0t1I+Se026TJbzVwkRtLZi9qSGkyCvisM4Yj05OB5Z9aSfliyde3B8f1+4va4jAyYtnOTzRuMPtfYBvL6KNW2oWJ7L54qtzo2YsDf2JLeW3Fu0spSBUGSSRgfM/SrFKlbMksc8k9mNW3wq8it+velG3J77I2ONyW5I488+lV/jIro9bg/Y71WUVKW2P6v/AIJmOk3mkyapFPK1kqlg7RFdyjvhTz34HqavjnUo7jm5NHqtHrFoeJTtLjns5p0x0lqHU+uXWp3kD2VqGLRrKOSc4C7e/A71geTdJy7PqGp1eP03TR06kt1f/S4p0rp1gvw2SX0gyuLhdi58uAdx9fKrG3kVVR5b/G3CXMmzOldQTdJdQ2t9cw2wW2QvBZwjw4Tg+aLj5nJyTgVz8yhCLilyz3HoupeufvW2lx+8f9Te2LWepJHubjUZPd5MSLEkrCJSORgZ+ECuRuafB7yG2Ks4/wC0bq+XrxrG6nR7vVod8E94eDLHnKAnzK/GOfIiujg6e487rNTGEuGUqLSJbicxiNi/Ybe9attnIlrYxW5sLfpNwMrBIrD/AH50/bMf+L413JAz9L3iEgLLH6EDvUHAmvWMP/cgaTo3UNwUxybjzhgAar9ks/xvAvJGOkb0ZYSFW7EE/wClL2qJr13D1yCX3TM8S5MpJ8/gzUPaLoesxm6SKzqtw+nubVJmkwcsPIVBpRO9gyvNDd4BrC0n1OVljU7QMsxOAKjFOXQ82eGCNyY5h6clCcSqD35b/SrlgZzH6lFEsXTGpEkxupXPcnFWLSzKn6xgjw7CdP6K17VLgx2YNzOo3sI2/Io7sT2A+ZIFP8POKttEsfqmHK9qTf7h7psf8AuXe919L/Uox4vgWVwZILcLyWlkGA7ZwAikjJyx8jla55OxF7o8IqPUnWF3rxaJ7iVrVZC8cRPwg9s4HHb5VS0uy2EaF+kW19qMzRWL7ZO+WkC/ehKyxyUToXREUtvlHkNzOGyGHIoTK3zydW0vRru/ePH8lf6mbnH2p7jOyx6Tp9tp5PdmPdj3JoXHJYuET6jqkcRCKcHIJwfKot0QSsktL/EXiYGCMd6juRBot76dHJHkMCPKsR00wSa1jVMDl6sAHazBUBFyw8vOj7AFJpkrLuAAOOxqXQA88M1vkkAAjkmgAi8a1SCH3SVpPg/mAqcq3nQCF8RXDHJ4P60wBrkYjPzPnSGnRJY3bxxMoYqBg8/WmCI3mkd+M5HY570DsP0zWrvT5fEBBPbaRkfpQkJh2p6zLrBjd18Mx8kDt+lWJUI2t3ludQvrYBWDGNkJOPI0rrkaYbbaJqpivHlBmiKAxhWzgj/ZrRhyRWRM4vq+J5NHkjFWwWK0WVHcu8TgDDEZ5z/pXp4xTR8Gy6jZN0ie0smiWMzHcoIYsVJ88Hn703jRfp9U74KF10i2jFvFy7scReYHqfT0rhU4TcT7noc6z6eGReUiqdN9SwaNrkFxcM6xAOrtEuSAR/rW7A0pWzD6vpsmr0k8WP8AM6r+J2q26ga6sY5YsPGyiRWlQccZ+3zrc8ce0fK1myY28U/Af79Ff9KXbCKOK5huI2baeGDAjOPXyrEotZ42+Gmeg92Gb02e2NOMk/42hGIRHEHMqqzdl7mtzRwIy+5LJctFAY59t1GRgLOCSo/6T3FR9tdrg0rUyvbL6l9/9mS2psp43ZXNsw/LG2GB+/f9qqe+Lp8mpY8WWLalT+DLyS2gIwApOA68g/ehSRCWGWNG+5oYlJSSMn+pRwasXJxsjadEDS+ICCcH8wHY4qW0qtsVateG2tpXwQUjJyx+RquXCN+ix+9nhH7o5Jcai/v5+LnaWHyrC6s+2RdItHs/EjWF9dn4t8gQHv2H/vWrEuD5j+1ma88MSfSv+JYZ9QMcOxFILeinmrG6PCRg2DQXJLlmEjcflI4HzqNk/ZvwRi8MrlY4Gds4OATj9KhvLI6a+ie1iYo1zIiwohwEkbDEj5Gq1JWLJpZqLopntI6hs55E03+KLDEOblbeJpHJ4wv9IxjnvVWbI39KPb/sr6Osd63Muf8AT9vllZ0G30vV9Ut7K0sbmbe2ZJribAEYOS21Rxx/1HvWaEJSlTZ7P1b1CHp+iyah8NLj9fA86w6svOoNatOl+m5RbwwjZLLa/AFC+WR5L5kdzWxpP6F0fPPTccdHhn6vrvzPr5d+f1fj7F50PSk0bT1tYJGIjHLEkmRj3YnzJ8zV8YKKpHz7W6/Lrs0s2R9/y+xi8mWCGaed9iRLuLt5AVGT2psWmjPPOOKCuTdI4P1H1dcalrMlyJH8LO1FPkvlXGnLe22fpT03R49Bpo4ILrv7vyyLS57jWr1bVZ5UtnOZtoJKr64qMY32S1uq/DYXNd+L+TpK6dAYobWC3jihQA5xnI+R863pJ8I+K5tXm9x5ck22w2DS7ex3vFbhyTy8hG77VcltRzcmry6jiTNJFt3ViWU4GDtGaW5MpSlECuWFv8ce48d2P+Kg5UX4k5OhZBOtxe7TOpkfjcoyR9z2qmWRLtnbxaTLkVRiDdRXEWmKkUc3irKcBo/h5Hl8/rVccu46s/TsmmS3lO6x6nh0TTykZ36rOoCo6/8ACQ/1/M+lEpbUdD0r0+Wryb5f9OP838f3ObaXpl1rd6ILdDNK3xMfQeZNUJObpHvc+fFpMTyTdJHQk6b/AIbZ+DFEwC/mZwBuPrn1rXFbTwOXXyzzc5MLt9HeOVVcgE4/4bbj+39quUjFPU7lwGXMdj03bi61qRoYHGYolfdNN8kXPH/ceB8+1KWfZ+pq0mly61/T18lJ6m9oV7rFubaONdI0YH4bC2JHifORu8h+Z49AKwSyym7bPdabR49PFKK5KybvxLUsj4JUxug8ucg/cf2qpnRikjfp7RLzqK/W0tYmd27sBwg9T8qiQzZ8enhvyOkMtFg9zu5tm7glAW74BxzUk6RK9yOmdF3kMdkQ7nxwe3mRmoMEdL0rWpBaKoCojHG3dkn51FMhtvodRzBY/EmXYg5BB5P2qViqivTSiW/kdGYrnjNVN2WxiHQOiwPuJ3hsL8vnUSO06cJBHGSVKsfKoVRpQPuLOMjOPl5UxhSYQ52ELjJOKADoWEi/lOMcZqYjM1mJbYjGGxjmgBaNPa1hOQpLYJOaBgx8JAV25z5gUALLiA5JXkZpADgEyqu0le+RQAxEO1AQcMOe2DTAkjtwxBPGfvzU1IAiG3+AjgjtzSb4EDpEJtfulKFG8CMg59GbBpr8o0uzpeg600ultbXGd0KZVwv5lA7VncebRNNNOJz2S83wOH2qrFhgHOeTzXstLLdiR+dfXMCwa/LBdWRX8tx7u8iEn4cj4++CDz+laZJ0czRte6k+irda596j2sHDoCFbkdyCM+ua42pjWSz7X+zmVZNHt8xdHJ9YElpeOGCqfQHinido72VM7foB36DatFIdrQqFGcjOK6l8HxTUJvVZF93/AFHljfQaRa3EV7cRxvcR+GFAyQc5BOPpXPyzpqcV0eo9M0rywyYJv8y/hzwJbzWbGKSPZqEDKRjLRSbs9+AAc/rTWrfmJ0P/AMXb/wD6/wAjaDVILmbwZ73TvjJ2bTISR64K8cVOOqc3W0q1H7Ow0uN5Fkuu74DEs7YrxdWqq3mBJ/8A81eskv8AtZw5abGuskf5/wBhhY3VhYDDajbqrHOEZmb6YIxVOTdPpM2aaWPA/qmq/eyW41vTrlXj8Vo1Q5zHgA/b/IqyG9KmYdRDTZJuWO0LEn0/xJWN5KWYDA2IcetWXk+EURx6dL6m/wCCE3Vc2m2+mzmaW9RHG0+CseTk8cE48qz5HJR/+noPSMOOepjtvjnwcuWXp5GuZveNTYAAYMcQP2O4/wBqxXJn0ekkdI6YFrY9OWkdpDPHE0Zk2XLqW55ycDFdXHjkoqz4p6tqY6jW5JfDr+HAv1XrjQ9GkMd9bb24O1CWIGOB3FYsssl1BnqfSvRsOow+7nj30KI/a9aTh/d1MSoeAIFUkc9z51SlPyzuT9G0ij9ERlBqN/qFqkweWHxEBCSOVO09hx+taVitHz3VS9rNLHB2kQ3uoSaNpdzqV2E8C2UnYW5Zs4Az6k/3o2bVbMeHHLWaiGnh2/5fLOGXepzX13PdTMHllcyOfmTWNu3yfZcOGOnxRxY+lwW2xvz0X04JIAX6h1YBYIk5aCLyYj1J7D6elXwW1X5Z4bXY16zrPbnxgwv6n4lL4/Ref+S9dAdK2/S2n77hhNqdwN1wwOdvogz6efqa0Y47eTwfrvqU/UMuyCrHHpfP3/t8FkutXtokBkcKvkCRmpOSR5iGnyZH9KOWe0rrqO6Een2jgxHmVozncPTNc3PPdwj67+yfob016zOvqfCvx9zmYmkmlRI1Z5GYBQO59BWVL4PpmSaxxc5PhHXukrG36X01iivcXUgDXEqKcZ5wAT5DPfzroY4KCPiPrGuzeqZ76gvyr/f94W/WEskzLDp7yqOOHA/ep7jm/hFt+vJRC+oahc8e6iLPkrFh9zSbbIww4cfO6zRdPvZEDNOtsG7uD6VDY+yfvYrqrFuuOtjby3FzO3wrxuOfE+S/3qiUtq5O36dgepyKGJfr9iqWL32uGQWuLaDnfOTj7D1NYqlkPe5Mum9KgnL6peF/v9kH63d6P0bpIvJFnu73bi38djh39Meg8+a1qMMceDyeKeu9b1PtNqMfNLpHHLm8udb1GW4mLTXU75OB3J8gPIVn5kz6ZixYtLhWOHEYlv6c0t9Mt5ZBN4LIR4rqQCM5wOfLg1sx49qs8rr871ElGrXgtum2cl1ax3s8sMNh3F7fy4Q+u1Rkv9hUZSS6OOtLOb2rgU6x7RbCzd4NFtf4vcJy11crsgX/ALYx3H/cftVPuM6+k9DjL6s9pfHlnPNR1iW+vZb29nN9ev8A1MPhX0GO2B6DgVS3Z6/HijjioQVJCl5XuZdzNuY/eol/CLz0H7PG1LUoTq4ktYZQwjjHEhbHDY9Pr3o6VnC1PqCg9uLl/Pg6tDqll0/pJjtYo7S2iTBkVQGI57nHc0t3FI8hOGfV5/rdtv8A94OS2CeJM7AHk+VQ5PpEI0i4dMQrbsWLYJqFjZedKvgm1EbCgYyakgXA2urxyiqCwIA4z2BpPkErI7JGlO5Wz5YqJYgqaQowXGT50hndby2ingOcYHORUeyQqn8KMfy1YH1pIZrDqRQMXXK00BIdYti4jAO7jkDipCG0dyhj4GRjzoAXXBaRWPkfKmMS3EksTvmEMDxkjt86B0DRxsQQc5+dAjdYwOD6/pQBJAVYfFxzj60gCNyhe3xfLzoAGS6dZT8JweRQAVbXCRdTMpwRJZhuRxw/b96kn9IdMtSSsYSFJGPIVEaOeQSxi4kR2ClHZdnkOTXpdHJbD4l+0mKT1UpUFXN08gW3hjBUHGc+tdFy4PLafBtluZSet1J6etdRRXgMTYIJ8jx/cVz86Uo2fSv2eyyw6iWnfTX9Clz6BcSW3v2qzJplo43iecZeUH/7cf5n/YepFYYTp8cn0GcXts65o2oW+laBbCw3NDJCpV2A8RhjzxwPoP3rsxjcU5nxPV5WtVkhjVc0/kqXVbST2rTQsWMXx7Vby8x/ms+VWj0/oeT2s22XUuP3lNGrySFNrFSv2rnVZ9KXKNhrk1vPHIDgqwYcnHB7VKD2uyjNiWXG4S6Z0mDUp5Yo2NwNpGQOa7KaaPkGSGyTivDDItjzq5O7aO+OPOoGaSZOqAhmkiWQnthu9MgpNESNHCcNDGWbtkjIqRHkovXurLbJDa5J7ykFs/If5rHm+D3n7OYuJ5X+hSNOiOqaja2KuQJpQGOOy+Z+wzUMcdzo9LrtR+GwTy/COt32tR2tsI4xCsMa4UBucDzro5MihE+RaLQS1WfdLts4vquqjVdXubmTmInGF865V3yfZcWNYoKC6Rt0xp/v18zN8Uane8eM5A8vvVkI7mc71DULBhbXbOmrezOyqEIkIB3RtgfoK2HzSWKLZRfaN1XLfSLo0cu60tmzKRn+ZJ8/pWPNNv6Ue09D9Nhp4/ipL6pdfZf8lV0qS1spvfLtfGtrbEngt/8AWb+lPofP5A1mgubZ39XuljePG6cuL+PuXvoXRX1aefqPVoy97cNmCPwyFjT1A8vQeg+tdDHC/qZ859Y1kcMVoNM/pS5fy/j+/wBy85gtbVnljaOIjH8x9jH9Kv2pHj1jeSVRXJyzrPXbVSbe3cvI3LN4rMIxzxj1rn5Wlwj6F6N6fNv3Jqkvt2UG4u2nkL8ceR8vpXPfJ9BhHZGi+dBdE3rgalLFhnTdEp7hT/Vj5/2rfg082tx87/aD1nG29JjfXf6/B0CSyuRbqHi+AH8o4LfWtXtyiuUeAhkjJ8AMl5Jar4S24I9MHj9O9VbS/wBtT5bIv4jJazBrmQiNjjw0zu+Zx6VBpx7H7KnGodgesdc21hGfdVyfIv3/AHFZ8mZR6OnoPQc2pdzdIoN7eXGv33veoynwGBCQgnJHoB5D51lUXke6R7uKw+m4vY0y58saxLFpVjNe3azW8UfMalAqds4571a4qKs4kvc1uVYsfLfZza/1C5631kNLcJAT8MUcpPhxL6A8/Un61mlP5PfaLRY9Di9uH738s2tr3RtCmdYFu9Tm5U3KsIEH/YCrHHzOPoKlF1yW5MfuqpPg0GsLZiRooEhEhyzTHx5X+7DAP0FO38lbwxfCXQJqOqT6m/ialdS7AuEi3ZcjyHoo/wB4qF/JZDBGPSFlzfmWPwolEEGc7F7sfmfOot30alFI+sNLudTlEVtC0hyASBwPqfKiMWyrLqMeCO7I6Lv07oK6BJPdeEL6azQSXLAjEac8J6vgZ+gNKTUODnrI9bFpcROjwL/DH0y9kjLA7pvA8TJIQBm2MMZIU9iOcHtWZSb4IrSQkuCmdeR3q6qkRnW502c+JZvB+SSM9iD5nyOeRSUjVp9JDDylz8gWkWngxtkHdjBzTs3UPLI7S2383GQKCNMsFlcPwhOAMdvKrF0C+48W9UKrE5Y44HnQTsYRXDRqCCAceXFRoLAzfm4lZnY7s8UcIEj0JY6nDLagHDcDIqpItNZbleQyLtPOCO1AEAMEinsfTA7U0BjT4rcTOAFPHpnP2osBjcLtiGzAJAFAhYz3SbwFwF7CiySRBFLLPIS4GPmMUWToVX8ci3BB454APBosSVBVlCzxnxOG/cUrBIkms2ZuSMeWKFINoTBbMRgqO33o3Ao2BXdvKko2DPbuKlYqBL+R06j05oxjNnIGGO4DKacfysC4adeK0Az3IqJOjnt/p00urXcqhAiTcyPIUQfft+9drS5IqCtnzb1vS5J55bVdk7yRLP8AzrtZgBuCWqjHb/mP/vW15ZNcI85DRY4Opvn7CrqPW5LXpS7/AIcFt5omJWR8SSAZ8iRgHnyHFVSjvi7Z2PTpLFqoRUe/L7OHalrU9+0kt1JJPcufjklbcx+pNZo8Oj6P2jp/SWouvRmnNJKsfwMoyMfCGOK6UMi2K2fMPU9G3r8ntx75J7y33vC0Q3FlxnflSPpVbmmPBiyY1TRRdctX0e+MTR7Ef4489itY5qmfQtDn97Cm+12LP4gYmBZsgHgVCze+UX/StXzpFo/vca5BTYWwwxkV0YTuKPnWv0jjqZ0uB1FqNugGJZDnG7w1yATTs5LwWGrc74ht3S54xyfv3qxSM7w0ZW5YxHPhQvnOSnP1qRUoI5T7Qr03PUEiRklUCxjBz27n9c1jyv6qPo/ouH2tJH78kHQLMdVurlXC+7R8HjJycf2qzD8mb1t3hWP/ALn/AEHHV+tvZWsyg7GkXkAAgA+X1qOef+ko9F0aV5WjnniPCixcFnO45/prNE9b4L30rBFa2qhpIt7/ABsGTePlx8q341SPBeqZnkyOukP+otXHTmiSzF3aWQfylMQTLngH6DvTyTUI2czQaV6zUKHjt/ocXluGkd5JGJY5JY8k1zbs+mKKiqQ36S0r+I3cd7eRl7GJ8xwsOJW+npV+JeWee9S1TxxeLG6k/Px/ydLu+r5fACQglVHxRxrjt27eVankfg8LD0+O5uRSupuqrqaDYrfG5JWLgAfPNZ55HR6T0/03E5WkUW4lZNxMniOx3O3qawSbZ7bHBQjSQ56O0H+IXa3d0oNqhyquMiUj/A/etGnxbnufR5/1f1D2IPFif1P+X/J2G21W4WNdgIXsDkLn5/74rtxbo+Tz08W+SO/1NJWRfEMj+cTP5+vFVTdjx6eukDafqMKSTStEGZcd+Mn5CowaRZk08+rFvUnWa6bA8UaI13Nz4JTIQeWfXNZtRqVBbY9nd9L9Eeol7uV1BfzKhFFb22681Nxf37EN7mp+CMesjdv/AEisGPEl9c+Wen1GonX4fRrZBf6vL/T+5I2sR20Bu3aO3XBcJDkFcHuMjAHpVraSs50NNPJLZ22UHqbWptUmkmkkdomG23Rj2U8sf8VilLcz22h0cNLCornyB9OWk8l/FKExDyruRwAQQcfPmkoWX59RDEqb5G+tdOQ6DDuJ8e7lLEs3CxDPcj19BU3HbE52HUTzza6SKvdlYGiZGLlk3bz3PJ/Sqbo68F8mdL0XUOoLhorG2kuW7sy/lH1J4FThjlkdRRXn1OHTR3ZZUX3SvYxOQhu7hZXJAaOLKqv1Y4row0NcyZ5PUftHFWsUf3v+w71LTl0XTGgtYkjiCHaYzkE478f3p5FGCpHDw5p6nLvyO3fkG6ajia2uIg2bV50SWLGQytGBk/Xc371xsitnt9NJxxknWV9eJp2jMHYjTJF96BHxKzEbGb5FFAz6iqUqbOngittsHhu/4FbT2MsQ1G2trqSJYGXmM53I6+hxkH14qp88mtcA9k5kSRj5jNTSIBmnsqsx5OfWmuwXQ2guNmN/bNWkaD4bxWk3Y+ePQUAhil6WlO5iV8yfKgkb2uZpAqncSewqDGd9sraOLOWIU9yBzVVl1IKuEjDgqd3HB+VFkaF0kUMcrSuWCj0PA+1BNIOsZIVnPg5UDuzDlqLoiGm4kaQ7QCMUDoDur2XJGwnFBJAHjTRszMgCj50DF0l/POTiP4ge/bFRYwrSBNNcoCODnINIVDaRWOQDjntmooZ9FuQYyACPvQgs+llQnaSN+PKp3YJFQ1HXLd+sNNgjLmaFZoim3G9ioO0Z8hjv/erI8RIVyW2CCaRQWkWEj+iEZJ+5/wBBSLEqPPn4gbq60/qG3Cz3Bt2VtqtIxGcjn966GndRMGXHGb5OYRdQ3YckyylR5bzWq7KFgxrwg216kmABd3wT8XxHkUiSxxXSJ4NVQTfzHLAnJLf3qHJfGi1W3V8draog/mBPyqx4FRW4rlhhJ2wiHr6VVwFB53ZGBTTfyUPSYW7aNZutI7ueNrmPxVByFfBOPQZFJ7n5L8ePHjVQVG6dQ6XcRTl7C3jZVyreGrbmyAB244yftUafyX2iKPq6CBjsihjCdiiqOflV0ZNHOz6SOZdlottS033G2EjSeIh3soYEc/SrPdOFL0ybboLj6j0qMqNsoLdg3b+9S96ip+kzlfKJH6ot2hb3dgODkeePWn+I44K4+iyUvrfBQ9b0aa+1aW7imDJISQqgggf+1ZXktnrsONY8Sh8E2g6Z/BdNnjkZkmllGZOwAA4GO9aoZlFcHH1WmeoyJvpEp6XuuoN4iu7TepBYzFlznOB25NY5Zbds7GDEsUFFCq56Nk6fvU98uIJsgMWi3Fe/bOKnjyJ8kcybi1Es+k6pp9rbS7p4kdMEKseAT2znv2rYs6SPI5fS82Sd+CqdSJJ1Vq8EMF6nhjCRq+7g+ZP+/IVmyZdztnoPT9HHSQquX2JJuk3gu/Bu7pBHG+HVVYMwHkM9vrUYyXZuyWk9vY8SeytYAqgLEoCgIh+Ec8DJq5ZkjzstBlm2/JrJrFmqusUzr5EAfseafvLwVL03LfKK9Jo9xfXM1zLKcjIiRB+Ufr37Vknkdno9NgjihSBbzpubdBI6yPE7fGsaY2nzAJ45quLS7NUk64LImux6TGlsbZkeFAoQSYxx2I+9b46lRVUeTzekTzTcnPv7DSH2iW3ufg3AIkXJVtwbbx/f71f+NSVNHKl+zc3PfGf8gF+vLJojG0TSORgM5GR86qerVdGqP7PzTvehXd9VJa+IYZdrtjlCMVQ87fR0cPpEbvIrQiTUojK8k7OXY58TOaovm2dh4ajtiuD63urNJN8k3jYOfjYHH+tTU6Mz0m7wD6rfRanCtvLdyMgO4IpHfyyfOq5Ts06fSxxScq5BU02zlgV97M8I27W/qGf8ZqndRu2tokXVxaxOysC6jCpjI/SrY5DBPRxk7kL9U1SXqGTxb24dpGO5iMAE+uAKi5Nl+PDHF+VGbfR7OWOGR5gQhxtbsRnOD5+dJfcvV1wXnTeuf4TAIYxYpAMYhSMhR9BmtsdVKKpJHCy+lY8snKTd/NjzRfaRCxcyiF4mUrypO35j/wB6UtZMxv0DC/LHmi6v0Z1LfmzvWuy0bHfJ7wEhRQNxbn0x2xWV5py8mnH6Nhxctc/qU61vdKtdWu7bSr841KQmMRPu92g2Bow0nHx8sCB25GaqyS+n7nYxadLgTXvUXhdSz6pHbGSzbMUkLj4LiE8FCPTHb54PlWePRupJUiz9bWMMWq+/aWon0+4tre9jeb8zBxsOfmCMH61RHumSrjgddbdDW3R3TWixhS+p3sZmuXPdSeyLjjA/vWhKnRVHkqmm26Rgs53EcYzip0Oh1BYxPktGO36c0yKYPJC6ykxg7R6cYoGNrCCDw2NxMQRxtXnP3pN/BJcDGyuI9OnJWJX3A4Dd/wBQarsDu8viFf5SNtJ5I7VSaaMxzpIwjK7iO5BpoKILueFJArKy+gUZz9qdgTwXMW3HgSLznLoRSFQWLyJIHKliuOWNOxiqXV4ge5I7CmIDn1gENwTj0ooQE2qsdzLER9RzSHyGWeteEVfwjGQR8flg0gQe2qDYZCwCnufIf7/zSolwYS5ZuRJu88KKVDojuFlEodFYrxz+tSiMD10MJNEYKABdKWYjnHIIH13U+SJY4rjwHQMDjsQByKYzk/tv03T59UtpL7TJ9QiUjCwqxKggjPBHpXS0aTtM4nqDzRp4ZbX9zlr6J0uqDdpmqQc8tJDLj6ccf3rp+3H4PP8Av+oLrJF/vR9a6V0bLdRiWW8toQDvV3YEHPkdtOOODdMjPUeqKDcFFv8Ad/cRa7pNpb6jOmkSG7s9qmN85YZ7qc47GqZ4tre07uizZcmFS1EdsvI86Q6JfWNNuWuy9pcIw8FWIAkXH+tWQwSatoxa7X5NNkjGCtPsRtoPUEErj+C3TBTjIt2I79wRVDxyT5R2I5YSjakOLXpe5uLNZJdPvIpCuX3Rnj7EZq5Y3V0c2ercZ7UKbuwvLJmjNpOAGI4jcD+1UtHQxz3qyex0prqBpXEkRDhdhQ8/OpKFmfNqPbdIa23Ss93GfDmlLKdpHhE/5qawt9GJ+o7eHElTom6aZo2maJ9pPxRtyM/L5c0/YkL/ABKK/wBIFP09fWMDTiUOijONpBx61GWFpcl2L1CE5baaA7DWr8rKEkZQg3HxFbt8vXyrLsVnXcvpuw/XNQ1SGaK3eBlZEB+FSzN82x2NWSwuPDM2HNHIriLJrjVp8sEu1/8A7aP/AKVFY/hGh5ElyxhJ0j1M8KuzkRsAdrXA8x2I9avWCT6RzH6lgtxt/wABTedP65b7Q8E0u4ZBjy4+/pQ8GReDVj1OPKriwOPRdXLge73EJJ/M/wAI/XNRWGfwEtRih3IKPTequu5p48//ANW4FP2JlH47ElfJ82jatDE8YubbD8N/OBqL00l2JeoYvv8AwF79OXyhgbyzUDk7rjj+1C082XQ1UJ9WRQWd7G5EN7bB8do5iT+wpPTyXHBN6iEOwi7tb+TCM+/4t5b4+TgDHb/eaX4dkFq4MUagheZj7zErs2CgYsR8u1QeNR4svU75NU04yocXUXAySqlqFivyDy14NYNAlvSTFKZVXG5kQkCmsX3Kp6mEOzZ9GCytGZZWZe6rFyPrzR7S+Sv8XfgVy+7FiFmJ2nGJBj+2ajtXRoUpNWTQWrzKZIUj8MHl8kj5jmmsXFlcsu10aPLZgvgODwMhu1RqJNOR17pz2VaNd+z211uSe7F1eRSPjxAUQKxAwMc5xXMy5NuXYjbjTlC2c56a0KPX4NSWzsbu+maMJBKq7YoCWGWY5GTgEAfOuth0+/o5eq12LS/9aSX9R7ZezOS1i/8A1HTLm4dhndDfxxAfUYaty0Sr6jz+T13E3/l5El/4t/2BpvZveByY7NlgY4Ce+ozA+pO2qZaZR4LI+vaeuZ8/+LE8/RN5NdJb2sfvVw5ASGCYSMxz6AfvUY6Zze2Ctm6HqmFx3SdL9KMQ9Jarbu6iNw6kqQCDyOP71z8jhCThLho7eOTyR3R6YvW1fSJpIdQgnR3O9ty4DKM/3OBn61U6q4stXPY40l7GXWFmZdtvFATtccOwHBI8xk5I9BWdtuNInHh2Nup47mW1EgjjiMkCgKpBJO3L4+Q71XFE5Ox77P8AUW1G3XTrx0ke0ffDHJwjwsQJIz9PhcY7YNElTTRFcJl/9tV5JeavYJboJikXAyAzD1A/q+1Wp8kF0cshkkEoZsEHyz5VYMsUF2UtGfOScU0QoBubt2VcKQMflHlUf0GqCNNgvsBgh2ZyAe9JEhvaW11fzBBAwYd88gfWoCR6IubwwoFUEgnBqHHZpNFKKC4Qgd89hSA2N2pjJyCfkO33oAGjYyHmVwvckUgIbqaVvgG4RjybufnTRFgAhYF1ODxnnkVNMVm9suwBjjBAwMd6YrsgnKNNlvKoDJfd4ZYQwAAPHPlTaJk1vagYGSV449aBB9ukQJ+IgnvkUqLA2JUJG0Bl8qFQAfVTAWNpKEP8u4UkjPqDn9qfgrX5qGyxu7lV8z3A4xmgmUT2otZxalbtfzQwW5jyZJmwmQTjJ+9dDRNW7PNesxyPGvbVlLtOrNIQiJdXs/DAxtWUEDBrvxlH5Pm+XSamVv23/A3uuodFuLi3mGqQOUGzd4ik42nyzxzVjnC+zPDS6uMWtjOZe1S7t7rUbW4srtJ4RCI8Ify4J+fOc5rFnlT4Pc+gQyQwyhlTTTvkJ9k/UFnZDUodQnjQNsaHx9uNw3Z5PbyqenytJpsp9fwZ5rHLAn5uhX1trtxba/LLp+oslvOBII7W4ykZ5BHHbtnHzqOTPOL4kdL0mLlplHLHlcc9jDpHrS4NoY7m88SZX+E3Eh3EfXParMWobX1PkeuwOMt2NcBOu9Vail1ut7uRUZRlIpG2g8jjJqE9Tkj+Vl2ihGUKmY0TqvU7m6kS8v7hVKnb8ZOSPLvShqpy4kx67FshcC0i8kWGP/5qWR2/pDMMDzz8XNaFltHmnJvsKtri4ZGQCVfD/MDKwJHfOM4prIVb6F3UOrXGnaXNcIZYMjCsJn4JPHc4qEsrSbNejvLnjEpGldWatqOtwQzanMsBcGRiScKvJ7fSs8c8pPlnptRj2YpOCtmlx1NfS3Vw63kyW+87UXnjPHeh6nJ/pfBdh08IRVrkN0PqaO61EHU7+S3tIl3MCSxkbyGB+p+lTx6ht/UzD6hDKsLWnjcn/L7j2517SLHTJ70SRXpB4jX4ceQGBkgmrpZ1VpnnMWm1eTIoSTj9zmV7rF1qN7I6vInitxFGxAHoAKwPNNvs9hDFDFCvgvHSGjRWsBmvZmMzEfBuyT8vOtUJNLlnkvUNVKUqxLgfSLpWmAT3BSUnnaoxg+QJqW9ROTjnqMv0x4Ft31Jpcodp7lISRhEjbe2P7Coe7HyzZi02pTqEf4nMtXuW1TUnZCzqW2xqeT8qwSm5s9xgxrBjSl+8uPTXSbWVuZWIeRsb9v8AT8s/771rxwqPJ5XXa/3p7Y8IV9bdSCC591t7g4j+FxC5yT6Z9KpyZK4izf6bo/p9zIu+inWVtNfyFUXuckf5JrNZ3pzUEXLpbpjT9V1KW2udYttLhSM//M3hUCRj3A/v9qplka6RXC5q2N+rNGtOhtNguRfafrEczmJEspQyHAzuYZ/c+tWY8qadowT0uXJPujl99q819I4TEMTkkpH8K/t3p7mzp48Eca+SG3SNPiY7z5AcD70kWP4C2muL0bDIFhTnGdqr9qe5shGMY8oX3EgVxHExYZ7njP0FR74LUuD1Hotu1h7LukbWYLsNjukQ85DEnH6Gueknndi1GRw07lDugHT5baK0e0hxFbx4SOKBAgH2zXscU1tPjmojKWRyk7ZrqXU0dhHHbyeE6YLFCM5PkO/JpZNQlwRw6OeX8ob0r7MupPaNZNqU88PTvT0jBWur2SNJZ89iiEjjj8xwv1qeDA9Q05vbE6y0y00d+1za+Dq2hdP+yz2Y2FxGdWtNRvkU5gtnaZpnyOJJQPi+gIWu+tX6d6djahJbl/E5cvT/AFv1TKv8twxt9vjj9P8Ag4F1519LL1DeCGxa1id8pDI4AVPnsAH2+lfM9VkWpzSyryz7HosH4XTwwv8A0qjndnf3V0L27ZlnS8G0iVT/AMME458h5/eqeuEaiWD3eGQQXmm+HL/XcQseBjglfXz4IzzRXwxJhU2m3WnQve26R32msm3bIvioo7lTjlfkeKSodjvoaSwt5oNXlHui216FmhhlXeE77gG5xj4eCfnVkY26It8BHtG6hk6u6jkubJ0ECBV2yYRlOAeB5D6VOWPY+SMZWhNJa3V7fq+7P5d7DgHA5P3qBMu1ho+LZV2ZGMkkeVKxDC20aEKXdcg84HyoXBFEQaKCdo2J8LyA/amqHVjy3v4ViTwQAF7bR5880mNI64YNx3Hc59Ow+VVUaSP3pEgeObOTwPKigALmd44sI38s8fUelNICXTrhJpRhwBgjn+1KgCbm5VJAFQHPn6GmKwR1GZWKrk/L+1BWCzgSgRHgjBwDjipUNcGq2+08KNvmw8qVBZJHH4anOR5rup0NM1hvQjnHJB8uaiSQXFcK+Tu59GGBQO2ERXphbYeB5Y7CihWQ9UP7107cCJtu2TvnBBwcUeBLsZ6NrSOuQvDIH3HsQe1OuCVlF9tt2LTTtO1Mg7InVmA4yu4Ej9M1p00tszmeoYve084fKZWb6SCCB0WCAyOc7xIue3YkDI+lejuJ8dgpt8tgU+umxjjykAdQH2vtyuPI5GTx/ejckaoYJZeOSi+1SVdR021vYpB4cTFNirhcN5/qKz52pJNHp/QYvDknja7/ANhX7JdQNrrN0uTiSEAgduG8x5+dVYH9TRq9fxvJgg14Yx9pcMFxp0NzGsYlhkwxjHdT68fSp5qrgxegyyQyShJ8NFW6NubddReO4jDh0+Hc2ACD3qnHW7k9F6kp+zug+iydQLFNapNAyxtGDuCEHHrnAqzKk1wcv03JOE3GfkUaPNZxapZeO4uImcCSNhkYJwf71jxupKz0GujOWnmsbqVcHS5rXRBM6WtpAEX4RuQA48+McV1GoeD5zjer/wBcnYFNb2BldY7VFVV52t8PH96q4OlD3a+plX6tuoLfS1iihSIu5J2jkgeXr6VVN0jt+mwk8jlLwVfT0VLWe5OfGGEQDy75P9hVCPQvngjzkbdxAXn70iZo8RK47yMMNz5elFhQJIMOVBzjg/WkuBeB901oAuMXMxITPwbW2kfOroJPlnE1uecVsgW06bYRose0SEeck+Tn9eKtuPycC9S3bT/gDNDY20rArA+e8iRhs/TPNK1ZY4ZWvIq6iuTPGYrQb0f4pH2Bc/U9qpyTrhHX9N00otzyd+Bl0T0PYRW632tNExlP8uEkMFX/AJiAeSfSp4IxrdNmL1bWahz9nSxdLtrz9gXrW7it2ls9D0+W0jbBlmg3IpAHkAcf3oyZY9RD03RZ5P3NU7+EUOLp69uLjEkLQ5IPx8ECsV+T1EriuEWFNKisYFjgBjkPDs0vBHqRnGaTdmWMJStyHvQ3V8PSDX8d3oundQ2V2UBS8+LwApPI+E5zn/3qElaNWJUyt9eNpet38cmk2OnaPCoO6K3mkIY5z2fsPkABSTo00iqRaQxmAedBHkZaP4jj5CrFIi1xwWFdL0yKRvBnVUUYEk5DOTjvgcD6DOPWpNrwc9LM/wA/8ugU6RbXdzifU44oR+ZlUlmNJM0JNLhclo6d1Xpvou68exC3N6RtE1yPEZPUr8OAftWrHmhidxXJxtbos+vj7eSVR+Fxf6l36h9rWm65piW0UUiNFbCDKNgFsckYxj5YrB7cpZXk+50owUNMsFdKjmi3+u3l2LbSZLuXxO6N8agDkkse3bvmtm+S4swL0/TNOUoLg777LvZ10pB0xrWte0fVbC4aSwkFlp1tK/vcV1htgCDg4bYcnIIyBjk11I4tP7EpyyqzjJZsWpjjxaaTTfL4Sr5OZWSXZmlnWKONkxgzOSTx6Yry7m2e3hDaqRHfw3Ftp890dTUzAsRFGo7g8gZOcVC7LlwVjUA2oXFrFNcmWWf/AImCQVjHfJ9TnFPpEqscroMHgMfiV87VAJKhPID/AFqrcxULhpjR6nPJGyjYyIyyEncAOCM57ZqW7gVE1/a+7RXcsJEDOfFYwSMBkZzkceX96E7CgPSNO9+SSeYlwd0hLZJ9a0YnUiEuhnoVg3gO20cuScn51dnfNFePqyy2saxzxhiM4z9ayWWpFit7oNEVGBgcfWmhG011HFASFOMeXFMj9iv39zFcKXjuFEucBTSJIxBfhVWN5jIyjBVB5/WlYM9QyRxySGSRjjyUeVRs0kM1vYSRNuUqcfmDZP70ITdCaSCIKADuC8YapkLYRpNvEJWwgzUQsY3VonhMyphwM59aBWLtwkAGAMcU+gAJlSO5JYjGM4NJMf2BzcjcyjnipBRsz+NGQQSF+dKwSNBEqHmMg/mwB3oA2/nBm8IAk4OG/wAelCGjMYkZ1JxjPKlsc+lMEgjWUNv0/qBOWVTDJheT+fBH6Ukrsk+0Q6D/AD9Ns5MtGPBALbc9vX9Kl4FQn9uFutz7NruTBIijJ+Hg9j/pU8TqZXlX08Hmf/4o3MtrHDJBG6xqFBwATxjv611fdfR5f/B8W5yTBn6+kmz4kO8+eW70vcZbH02EemDan1EbmB4WiBjbBznv5ik52asOlWKW6wPTdYfSZTLbrtcjGc+VJS28ovy4IZo7Z9DGbq65vLeSKZVdXGGB8xQ8jZVh0WHFLdA0sNWS1lWRbWIsv5SQeKgpNG2cIzjTHtv1k6R7RY2XPBzDnP70ncvJnhp8UOaCoerZmZRHbWULD+pbdeKr21ybG1JUxpfdVX8xjVLqMBiAU2D9zUlJ/Jl/C4a5iG291YmAG61F5JyDv8NPgqSyyXgxS0UG7uiK+0vp7Vo0D6hPGqDOEUZ54IHHeoPLL4N2n08cKdMX3mgdOpbItq+pTuD/AMyAfpjvUVkkzVUboBmsdPs4n/lzgj4fjYc/PjzpbmyW1IBC2kQ8VY5GPpmmm0RdGotNPmiLLZ4b0DEn+9K2L6eg21mjijXfpojUjAMrkftRyQcY/BpLcQROGjtUkI8hSVg1GqbMz9Vy2aN4ltHE5/L8HP71K5FUcWPxyDp1Bc3iSTJbRyp/VmPgH5AGocsuSjBcAQ64uIXVRJCNnAUICB8qaTDbCXZMOsNQvEKRSR5IxuSEA4+pHFFX2R+nGqiASavqCRbmmUlTxISCfsaFH4DdfYtutauXBMk7nPB+Kp7QUrARdyztgbpP3o2knkS7C30v+VzIGueC0agEIP8AqbPFS9tlK1KvoCnXN4ILRzc5woKrjc3yFQ280i5ZEobp8FosuhJiMX87W0uMlRzitK0/HLOBk9XSdYo2gyToyxjVI47ma4cfmb4Vxn14NQeJLpij6nkkuYJGs/QtgVVLeSeS/bJEbuNvH2ziq5x2KzXptXkzypxVE2m9FS6PqFtfXKmRElA8FmG1s54B/TvWR5XTSOuo/JebtZNPjaZbi1i+DCw7hIVGc/Lms8W2WOKoreoa3eXtnHsuI5BnACJsdTgkZ5qzalyJG2n2MP8AAWnNxLLqBIZ4wS20Bjny9KhJ80SRnUNsCGT3ZlEce4h02kr5HHmeRQmSqgbTNO1GyDT3cXhG8YM6Yx4YXhR+h/eouSfCEho92kaKi4CgHLjy4qACjT4Xnia4fGZ3Mu0+QPb9sVJiRjX4zDpNy3Z1jY8fPgfWiPZLwF6fa+HpjiNQSIdzZ8u2a04vzFc+gnTECWcIcf8AFUvwPmalmlcmiGNUgudcXEe0ksowcDuKoRd4GizNbQFnI2twSO9SREH1O+VrKRE4LDbuB7UxCW2iVgF38nB7YNAxmloiPxyMDLDzpAepLiNFO4HJ88mqlwaAWeIOAAFCj0HNSsTQFJZSNkDhB3IqV2Qo30y3eGQ7lyPXzFFiGpIkQ7gcegpAKxEsbuCdwzQBBcohIbjIGM0ALVULK+ANvHIo5JBB2beAQT5Ac4oGkYSTDhQO4Pf9qBoHmufDDgY+vnQuBENrLJK4XAdt2cdz+lSAslt1Vb2XTGtW7aJp+oyC1ebddoxYkDheD24z2zU4xUiEpNciPpaaKXTMBNiozIqrnHDMP9nzqC5RaadUGDXul9UsDkI8THLDn0Ix96ceHZXJ8M8dDQ7a1vxa3EilX/4U6nCMO32NdE5PvSlG4oxeadaQPJGgUlDjerHB+lQ3F8FJq2GQWIW2zPZRzvsxGHYqVHk3Hf71ZHkyyyvdSYsEkC3Sh40CjgjHApLvk1u3HgcWQsS/wwxXAVeWVW/erqj4OZKeZPto2nih2MUijXjuBUSzHObf1MEhLnxAilm25IHpSXJsdR7CLC1vHlQl3hQfFvZeKSXyRlmjGPHJa5oFFoNtusXhjAYLyxPmf9KGkjPCcpPkxYr4MfjS4ljRTkMQMn5UopdjyTd7V2DaFNLNqDPNELi3jXe68gbvIfrUYxtlmpy+1j4fLG2sXcEllMzWxVAu1VjO3nyxirZRSRy9NPLPKkmVCa62nHgqcjARmbJx96oik2ehlJpGw3XF2IleOKPG52MeVRQOTzz38qsSRl3ujeTXNkIggSSOHdjcSuW+Zxim6Qo4pp7m7AZhEsrHxN2fPPnVSaNFMItNaGl7xbFfeH/+sxxsHyP+asxyUOUYNTg/EJRk+EJpp21O8kmdy5Y92JOPoTUJPc7ZdhxrDBQj0SyoltpskxJC58OMD+tvP9PWop80WpN8iW1tDI5d+AO+KkOUq4LBFEqW25lMUZGVU92Hr9KjuK0n2xRqGpNJKSVVgOFXsKcSaVgsdtLdfz5iEiHG4jj6AeZp8k24x4QfFp0wt3mUmGAjIZuHcZxgemajvS4KnBy5NrDp+41d2hsd7Rk5c87QPnUlb6K55IYVukWCHp7+BKY408S4YZM+PzfIZ7CrElE42XNPPd9fBprfUytEgMjG4K4C7vyntmrrcuDJp9K7b8DHQOmNe1HVtA0c2s+mSas/iQXV7EyjwsnfNg8lAFY57cGtOLA5zWN8N/0+S7LPFhxzzPlR8L58L9WXS/6WsentVmtrC5OpbJSpv5BgzcHkAE4HfHyrkaya92UIu4pne0EW8EMk47ZNW18fYzY2sZlAubJbqMnnxHOV5PA+Vc1u+jqogbS7WLU2ntrZYeDiAgMoz5c1bCbSorcbF2s2Ut1dIbWyS38MbQUblx9MUkySQy0LSNQeyeNZohbzkSIjEk88kcduaqlJE0gSaxuOo9UgupdRit7e1cIgWPcJJAcnC+ajjJoT2oDe8VxdMkl49yFOPEk43fYdqivsFi/VHVbR2PC7lU+fBYA/3qaIhLxeFM8a7XAOMjtikMX67E3uAhQY8VhGAO/r+w5px7IsZXEfuug6jcDIBh2EfUj/AErZp47pUVZHSZFaXJ9ytBggpEoyRVU1U5Eo9IJiuN9xuPDKO9RRJhl/nwEw2STyM8EUwFpiZ7XaRgnkD05pWBtaaayMpySecZFMBxp+ny3e9d+wKOc+lITPSlyYYn3MoJHqePrVZpPorlZx8KgBflS7AxdxxiM7mIbHGPWmgIIVLIQwqaIsliYLnccUEDFxbJMNw+BhznyNAIX3aJCH3OMD070DqhWjpuIBBz35oCyWIDfIT5dgaCfgxP8AmUnOR/SBzQCVAFy6gERKxJJHOKABxA5/4BKSkDdhsHPqKkR5GumWzTRXkUqlZHtpELHkn4ash2Vz4Qg9mM5vtLnjBYKkrxgFwSMYIGfPv+9RargsLLdaTOtneuiCMCGQg5znCnv+lRE02jx31Fc29nqVzZCJXkSY4YDJU57D9a17uDn4sTUnJl86S9mn8LaDUutLXUNI0m5jRra4aIeEsjZ2+P3aMEjjI586rjKN0Szqez/LJurujLjSNRlkkjN3ppjDJeomY3znADDjOP7VdDIm68nOWNqG6jjt5C0Dq+1lR8lcjyyRU0zqLoa6NbywWokHPiZOCD2z6jtVkeFZhytOVB7GCZm3I8bnjI5BPkKdkI2maWdrJFcZCMwxjioR4ZbllujQ909ffrwBBkjjDjmpnPX0hm2XWdUj02zOQCRvJ+HI/Mx+QqrcdKMVjx75GvVrtbqlqi7IYP5SADlsdz9zk1a3UaMmmi55JTZbZLey6c6Ms9LXwJL9wLvUbgt8SSH8sQPqq4BA880ocW2Zs7lqMm2C4RV9B0PU+vOoE0vRbR7l3YdjhIl7F3bsqjPc1Vkmlyzr4MKwx57L9efhv1PQ1ur7U7qOC1t2YNM+ArgA/kGecntnFYvft8I1qKa7ORyaBf3PUKaHaQtcahPMsQjRgSzH8q57DGefTz7VtU1VlCg07LV7QPZ3bdCPpdiLuPUr54mmuZY8GNWyBtX5Dnk98ZqqM95ZC7d9FHeIrK7eGWUc4C8E1IsoUzWE/vzrIFz5lTxUiqhtp+mRuVjZzFCPzuOSahKVIjGDk+QXVLI3V9vZ0js4/hiQOCQv08qIvgm4/BLpsunWF0JrpRcqgysO8AM3lu+XyFKTdUiEcdu2A6lrMd1dvJIwk3HlUGAB6D5U4qlRN98gKtbtJ4hheZh/SRhf/wAU06IcvoI8K9llLpaqCO27Hw/QeVO93RBuGP8AMyw6b0J1l1ZbNPb2IuIIuDKzAKvHb645qOx2Q/GYY9v+RZrj2AdfW3Sb65JLGlhG4ixH4pG4/wBIbaEBwCcZzwanNe3DfJ/3HjyQzSpQ/fQJ0902NOkia7j8W5B3F5Mn9KxrK30a3gjXKLwl/pKz2a3mkWkyWt1Ddh4R4UjmNtwTdjgE4z8q6Wn1scMk5Qujl6jQyyQlHFPa2q6uvudK6j9qidSy3uoHprTYNSvbT3P38GWSeKMjBCMzcZBI5BPPeujqfW/fxyhDEotqr80ef0P7MR0mSE8monNRe7bwlfhvzx+pzicL7zGFGcE8+XavKtnuEqM26bLTcB+Y7sjz5qIyJY1DEgc0DB2BaTKgHjhvv3oAT6xfT2kXudtNiW6XBULnwwG5kz5HBIx55+VNL5AMW2t7WGIWiSLHsHDtkg/1E/OodjIpF2RiR2GQuFz6c4/zTELpo0mhkRsujDaeOAKadADwxXkSRxRTxyL23zKdw/Q81PgjQTbaRI14WkJupyPzEYAX0AHahNUNIY9RqIOk5YmTa0jqCT3AzwK2aZ1Pgz5V9IPbWxWz25PAzx8hVE+2WRXBLkzWkSLEqhSMuByeTio2WIKMZkjAbBP1oGTNZkFdo4+tCI0NZzHsBwFPA4xTQgWPd4pCj4SQME0AegJowkjFviAOctVaRoNVnj27lPHlzTsAFtSEVzs5YN600iNh8EpdNzcY5oFdonXw5Y1O7PzOaCKCoIgw5PA8zQTSoT6jagXMqNlgMEelArBI7CKQMwwfmaTGkSRWe0NkcHse9K2SPmiBTJQgkY45qSAiSwjlDxu2xzznbnBoEw2LS7SORWMqB1GPh/qougQxt4YY7kYX4jkH1IIIqUW0yEkmc19mZGl6C9uwCOt1KTtGSAzHH9v2qbXLGnRc/eTFFITlxIChz5ggj/NRGeL+uHn6f9od/PazG1uobhZ4pVbDI2Acj0Oa0QdxKKCrr209b3mmNp9z1XqVzZuu1oZrourL5g5zxUko/BHbRZ4Pa30xZ+xyPQU0a4HVSo8J1HxVESqWysgOd24DjZjHz5xVCxv3Pcsk+Y7Win6r05qUWlQePBtltUeaTLg7Yz8YIx34NWxmnZFquCupq9xEcLcOB5LmrrZX7cXy0MLfqOUKA/huR5sMn+/ejdSKvYVk667I5yMjP/JxUVKiz2kxlY9SSq25UJkxgSKfiH3qe+yC00VyNdD6h/gkhlt7IiR1wXlXP6E9qin8FuTEsipjKWW8vSs7abKrMfEQvEQGI8xxziouV+QhhjBUh5o3s1646xsnfTOlNQ1O2D4MiQZTd34YkDNUT1GODqUicMO3lItmh+wj2w6RYzLpugXOm20jB5F95jhLEds/HniqHqsD4bLvbtWLtV9m3tKlljsb5kZ5MFYpr8Sck4HGTyf8VNZcVWhKPwXrTPwO+1XUY43kvNEsTJhsPdMzqfRtkZOao/HY+kmW+zxywHqb8D3tC0FVk1HX9JSIkfzFExHP1QUfjYx7i0VKMW3GMk2igaf+FT2idSaV/FdBsrzX9H8ZojqNhau1vle53eYHmQPl3rR+Ij20QXPBpD+GDqmO8VNWF7pqyPtV5rZo2lbOAkasAWYkgAD1FRnncK+l8lGLNizOShJPb3z1+pZrP8A3tWvPFkl0FtOgQFmk1PUIbbYg5LOHYY4rTFzq5KjI9XCTccfJXbf2KaQeoLbpTSjZdTdSSM/jXK6kIbCFFGSxmcqu0Dktn6ZrNvySlxwjTByS3TdFl1n8Hln0zpR1DVfal7PLeQr4nu1pqvvZUZ7KI1YkirnJxV1ZU5Tk6j1+pz/VtC6K6Z0KzktOpm1jWWLtcRWdjsghAJCYd8FtwGTwMZHfmpRySfiij2MmST3vg59LqdtPfPLKHly27bGRlh55qXZsUXBUjrvSPVOlSdPW+nN0Hb3MQWQh72WUzFj2kR49rLj0JINUuTg+GR/DRyu58nb/AGVe3XUuhemLXStF6T0mGzglKvPPpzXUxc95MysRn5YA8hVc9TJyvg0Q0UYx2psR+0L2xXep6LedMy+9rZ6jqEutSqrCEC7kB3MqgnCkgkoMCqHPJl/NRfDDHF0caWQk3ErgkKuSB5/SpJFgXZaXJqzAwwySF8HaiEk+nArRHFkm6jFt/oZMmfDiTlkmopeW0i9HoXXbez3toepRhFDNus5AFB7H8vA+dX/g9RV7H/Aw/wCJaO6WaN/+S/uJ9b0u86elMWo201pd7S5guI2jcKVyCQwBGcjvWOcHB01R0Mc45Fui7QG0qpbRxq4OF7DkiqizshiVpI2JB4GSfSgYDqV2llAfDAmuJB/JiB7+pPoB50IAfStEcGa4mYzXLkNLI3G4+gHko8hSbBcDW7tTbpHkDmPIwe3Jzn9KSAr+sScbQdpHBAqQAcaN4QXbgEDJ9TQINt7dVRS3dvIedA/AbpCG0mubnJZHIjOP6RjA/Ug0+xCnqi8cwxwyAAeKpwe5Ga36dJJsz5fgb6UBJFGF/KXwVI4xms0uWWw6CotPuNmHjIVZVU7sjCnsfmODzSLCLw2ZjtAO1sH0PJpJAFxwq+CTlTzj51KhB0aRZKswbz5oIo2UwxtwOfLJ8/lQB2uWUHejnBPbnOKiaAbw4dwCksM/0+dAmJ9YlkinVYI5CABkAZ+9NcoikM9Gtb2SPxJJCvGQpG6o0NDi1DFiW4z+xpjoJHieOg4EGDu55z5UDB75ULvJKpMIXHA/NQBpFZRna8ACx9jng/egDYr4cbBsB/LB/egCCNo5CUOSf+b/AH3oAyqpGxC8P8/KgDMFkBKzsVIBzwKVAM2ijBilQsGB5yR3qyC5KZ8IVydP6Uvsu1TUrOLwr3Sp/HypClk8Y+MD/wA39Z57cV18mH/LhS7T/ijjYcr96e59NcfZgWn2waZkklHhjBHPB5rjne6QLF+JOP2daV/5cn9nFjr728kkialcD4nDOxAP8o9v+7tUfwizXJXZnnqHje1NDXSvxu9Mwx41H2PWjMFwGtXhwP8A/KA8Uf4dx2yH45ryv4ifq38aXR1/Y+Haex+28YH/APfSQmMjzyFgBoXp6ir3MX4ueR9qv1POPXGvSdTXK3WnafHocN/Z+H7tE5lSNSCu1cgEDAxzkj1p40ocfBfLnkT+zXqHpDSZPB6l6TvNfkaYbTZXYhKJ/UMFG3NwcZIFbFFTT5o5+VZVJSg1Xm7/ALnQ+sfax7K36Z1TTun+gNb028ubV4ILu+uLdvCcjAJ2xg4+hzVPtOMrU7LcbcuWv5nMfZz1jpnSzTtqugHWomlRh8aqFA7j4kbOfqPKnkxvJ06NKltLvN7Wemr3rq61ZNIvoNCdB4OmI8KMjf8AKXC4KgfLJPenDFFKpsx5vflGsTSf3sM6g6jsuu72BemdF1KGUgArcyrcse+QoSNcD9T86scV1Ehp4zxRbzSX9P6ltu+iuousNN0Kzj6V1uWTT4DC7QxzOZ5Wfcz/AJcJlQqhRwNueTVcYOLdLstnq8C/NNL96PQWm+1T2kdM6VZ6TH7IZbGGCJYbeN7O4+FVAHmefLJJrmZNJGEnKd8l2PV4sq+iaY5Xr/22avYrDb+zNPhG84sMll7cq0p4+1R9jDih7k1x8sccizZHghkW6rpVdHMNM6X9qOl+02TrA9PRxdQCQyIl3JA8MDFdo2wMSqlQMDg4+tdHHhcoJwj9LOfk9Q0uKTxzyfUu+zsdh1Z+J3qVFgsY2twcgGxht4x9yqcVNRnHqKX8CpZ9JkfcpfuZTvbL7N/xDWPTM+qdU65NDZzKYpBLqe47SMEEBeBj/NUz/wAye2fP9DdjjhwQeWEavv5/ecj0vQ9b07oxLQ+2eXSbW0QCLRrM37hOcYUDagx8q3rBKu0cd66M5v8Aypfvr+5yTVdP13WtXMt91BeXzocLdTSs74B7jcxI9e9G1yf1Mtjlhgi/bx1f/vNEGsaHqUcgP8ZurtpBy80h5/c1KUH8kMeaM+XjSGui9FdNJEp1K/vJbvbkKs3hgMezD4TmiOLHXL5M+fV6zdWOKo3ueitG8NlSWZ1PILysf81Fxiuh49TqP9XH7gvp/pDQtIt5rqexh1GWPEiLcjcARyM/L7Gssrb4LJ5cs+LJ9avLTqa7DiG0htdkYjNvahQTtOVUrgBQeOKjGG1clmNuNJvkAu4Lu1t4bXS7eIhMgbpGXI+ZzxioVH/UdnHJ1aOi9A6H0vNpEP8AH9a1i1uXcGaOxiDqE8yNwP8Av0qyENPL88mv3GXUZ9dFtYIJr7sP6v6Y9ncPS2pT6ZrGsX2rxQn3OK+iVEZ92OdqcfCT58Vpli0ccUnDI93wc7DqfV5aiEMuGKg3y0+lT+/ycbtdNnRoo9hLM6nBAwec9j37VzYSVnpJJ0eiem+oraTTtNS6121jmjmRzG2nmAYB7FwxGB8hzXtfStdpsGrjOUqj9z55+0Xpmq1vpmbDhhum1wvn956J6Z9r2gWslxc671XZu8kaIYzMxacgk/05AUcd+9eo1mr0clGGnlGufK4/+nwjSfsp6xHfn1GHI3xarmXPH7l8Hkr8W/tFterPajeXltG09v4UUfvUOHSQbO64J4GQOeeD2r536o8bzbcbtJdn6J/ZXFqsXpkXrIOM5Ntp9q3+r/qcmOt2TPlpdn/ehXjtmuNtPYWiY9SWhxDazxO7MFaWQ4jT5nzP0H61DaSUkC2qW8Esskk3vc7N8UwXv3HHoPlTENopnZG2gckH0IqAAOpKJFZmlK5A7d8jjFNAI7hcyt3bHc1IPBosy3DtHG2GA5NAEyKvualWYsPQ9qAGemh02yNskbZu2sdobBOR9cUB9xJ1OAL2xZgo8a5UlAeAoyeK6OH8kv0M0+0WmC5gs45Pd2X4FJV1HO49jWMvQF75cyRrl2YZZ2weDk80ICWCRVVUJwSc4J86Bkr3IVdrYbz7YzUgRlZFyPjGaYzJnjifGQzeuOB8qiKjuUdnIZTviO3/AKj2pFm0OXw4xhgPoKhZI2S9jtYm8OJQe5YjJp2BFYXgmLFoyfnjFOwG9lalpAgUAHk7eQp+dJugGAsCM4wcDsKhuHRFJDjho8j0PampeBCmTT2bxFWRhnn+/wC1SsBa9jdCTJJIBx61NUyPKYTDZyRuHAOPUCgi2TPD4kpLgqc+lIaZHDL4ceJMk7jwPTy+9A7DYH8VgMccE/MVKKIMptnYRagdc027mcW8WoTS+CDgOAVfaf8ApyQcefnXVzaicU8cXw0jnYdNjk1lkvqV/wBRjaXUcTsw2tg9s1yjrHtT8JnSkus+yuU2erCzC6jP4kMlhFOA52nILjPbHFX48tJpHNz6SM577/p/ujs7+zS7dCDrcWee2k2w/wAVeszj0jLL0/FNVJv+X9jj3t86Q1vovobVuoU6pLW0EQgit4dJtomLyEKX3hScLyQBgkjv5056vJsaikvv/wCsyv0bSKaySTdeL4/kfl37RL3W+pNZhe/1mXUxZxe7W8sjbWSPOSpKgEnzJOT86wrc1ydT3ccb2jDpG9uenpbS6tdZuob+KQytKgViW8j8QPYf3rZhcoNST6POeorHq4Sx5Ibk1XLfT/RosvVXtS1XWtKvbO61W7vYZ4TDJHKyqjA9+FVa258r1HOTl/ov9jhemenY/TmlpYKCX3b/AKtlP6T6tl0q3jsX0/TLq0j4KXNoJBID33AnBP2rNDbGrij12TNl2vZKi76JrWnwXU15HomjK00ewxrpsax/ZQMAj1q+SxtdUcVZNTvucm/16PR/4KrXTNX9qkdrdWsM0UtpMoQjAQgbhtx27YrFkk4STidPSYo6hShmW5Pwz31F0PocJyunx59SWP8Amo+5N9tnTj6fpIu1ijf6IzcdD6DdKqy6VbFQcgBMc/aq6vs0PT4mtu1URw+z7p23cvFpFtE5GCyKVJH2NN8qnyRx6XDie7HBJ/Yns+i9DsHZoNLtY2Y5LeHk59cmpb5LyP8ADYV/oX8BtFCkK7UUKo8hwKj2XqKjwkci/FjpUWp+w/qISA5gjWZDgkKQe5x8s81VPimEo7k4s/JPqS8UzyRCf4cnNak+DlrFTKrLIykgSgqOeD3qaYvbs0mvFEXMm5h5U3IFiIBfps3Me3Y1Gx+2ERawqQlvz4HrilYe0AXPVyqjx72bd8JIH7VC0WRw1yT9O34siclpVXiMKe32/WjspcPqsv2nj3iximaPwiwKqO/c1ln2dLF0FwYgsdxyMHbWZ9mpIItoY7lGg2/zHHGfSkSqgYWxSZFkVNqt8Jxz51CyzwEQ/HGw3bSposjQFqJmAQK5AB+Ij0qyMipxoVXyePJHEV3Mx9OTTsAqLQIIvj8GPdj4wVGRzUdw0AahEguSVVEBOThR9zTTBqgdLm2C+oHOQOaBC+51rbGwhwrOCm/b+tOgRjW9Uku4bZjKFcL4ZwuAAgUL+3epxXyF+CuNdvJIyBfhCj489zmhgQ2+6Fphtw2M5pAvgNtJVhQrjv3oEH6Ky3M7RZDrycjuFzk0IPAF1Iwu+otO5wrPI48+AMAf4rfj4wT/AHFLVzQ8sLBEjfeoDFex9O+KyWXJUQSQvvdvEzHu+HHamFEMu4smTk5HNLyAaLUyA5PHYc1NAuDZbQxjG7eBjypgFw26BCGTGe/y5qIrPQjaZM+CzqBnyPIqq2Xm8dmkuMEOM44pAfPZxQT4kRdvzOefKnYEkVskILZVEI/IBnP3pWBv7/Dp2ZMAYXO04GR34pDFY9oCM52adOufNpMZpUTJdP6slnncTxCCE9iWyVp0Idw3Fu8YlBDEjJAppEeiKS4iZHZVBPbnirEqIg0GqxgMJIgiqcMQaZEE1W9GFeIZUH1poTK9capDLPhgUdTypbGe9MYbp2s+IfD/ACx9icf2oTI0Jn1BtP6p6jhTYVklhk2t3IeEZIP/AKavyu6f2IYVw19xiGjC8IMHnjyqg1I9zfgbv0n6L1+3BAaO9jlKjsA0YGf/AONLH20V5F0elc7sjPHyq8pOP/i408ah+HvrNQhZ4rVZkIJBUrIpyPtmq5dCq+D8ZbzUnjuZR4525/q86nFnMlD4Ao9Y8MM5PfgfKrU6Mzw2aT6yrqcyqc1LcKOKgS31IRufizgcY/tTsuUL4LLpHUA2/n5HGKe4qlg5PVP4H+oFi9tvT8bSKvjO8fxHG4lGGPrWTJe6Jq0sdkmfqNkEd6mdMypHPNAGdw9RQB8OaAPqAOZfiWvI7P2FdbySOVH8NkX4W2kk8Afv286hJWgXZ+LeskvdzYwo3Ed6sizNJc2KZ4JUUtuUDHYd6luBRFdxdbByxPH6UtxLaZ1rSdS6evfc9StZrG52pJ4M4wdjDKt8wQQQaW9NcD2V2RtOy27rEVd3XAyf1xUW+BqKsQSyM67Nu1t3JNRTLKLd0y+6VBgZIGc84FWro5s+zqAYWmjpIigkKd4BwQPWsUuzbifAXBcxnShIQCgPZj3+tVeTWg6y93khlupAYZTjbxjAB8qiMCvnMqkyuIGBBV157H0qBJLg3SS3ud6LIVkK7gDxz/mgkqMvEgWNGfJwMjHB+ePvRZF8gNzaA3HCKNvnnvUkys0kneNWI+WfmBSoX2K/qd0qRyHP5x6cipokxAs8kcZ2EDecYqZE11mE2F57ruVipyzRsSpcjv8AbtmpJgLDOJZZbhirbAFIB44+VSQge3g94mHIUFeAtJiJrq2aB9i5YDGMnPFRJeQO6lliJAG08Zz50ANNBfExAOFC4Izzn/ZoXYvBLcKJuq7VB2jtWYgeRZsZroVWnv5ZSvzj1pDEvhlhkjBye3rWQvAvF225GeM4570Aayv480YH6YoAZRSJGADntz8qkgJYUOAOctyWPc/amIL3gquCBx+U0iJ3hZ3juBul/l+aFRhqqo0ExuDbKzRqOfLNMDMd14vLpu88DmogmGxlJ41BRY+/Hn/ekSXQHeaf8bMyhl2HK574FIfRWb5DbSK4ACrwpA5H2oAzaObv4WkGV4UEcGmAx08Ok8lruXbH8PHpTQmaXd01q7JGrurDGeftVyKwJbl4ATJ8RJ5B545oFVkZvS8xWIlUxjaeaVjSN4rN79mdogcDAcdhSCguHTRbsC3AUcAeVA6+RJqdtv6yvwsYYy2lvID5nBdTV75hGyqPEmkGNaSowBbZgVUaEdO9kv4rbb8N8Gptfac2qW+oLGqxrMY9jruw3Y58xVadSZGa4LtJ/wCKnZvbt7t0lF4x/LvuyR9xipe6/gq2ryzk3t7/APEY6g9oPRtx0/Y6ZZ6VZ30bRXbREuzqf6QSTgUt0pEZVXDPE19r73lw0pwCTmr0jO4A51bcCpYevbipfYhsBDeKzFt36cU0G0kjvDkc5HmaYKI1sdRWGTgHcf0oItHSehuv73pTVbTUrGZrW7tmWWOZO6MOQRUJK0RSafB6V0v8eftEmX49dd9vJ3Qx8/tVX1GtS+RnZ/jl9oczsTreB6NGn7cVG5krPp/xkdeRR7l6iuT/AOoUvr+SUaEFz+LjrraobqXUckk5Fwwxkk+tP6/kn9PwDTfiz6wubMwTa9fyMT+d7ljj7E0XIfCKP1f7ZNc6ms5IbzVbmeMjDLJKWHy7mhJ+WRfJxjWbpJZNxwT6jvVidFVWIJ7ojlXOfQ0NjSOk9Ua77Nbn2IdLWmmaLLZ+0O3upl1W+DMY7mEklG5P5uVXAAxt+dV07uyzimqOb671dqXU09rLqE4na0tIbGI+Gq7IYl2xrgDnA8zyfOpJV0J8ie5vfFCFT4bjglRjz707I0KpLxUlydxGe9NDotXReoBJTu554OfKp3SMWSFs67pl/ZyQiHaArKFDSD/eayTvsux/A2ezQpFGojZd3Kr2Y4yf8VTZrXQfaEeDcBwfjXaoXGQPMj9qhZNL5B7q1FpD47nnI2588dqiNFWLxzXEs8zlW3FnJPGc9qsqyBPJfFI/GCHw8hRJRtEbaddqGV2PxAlgSPWiiJiaUTPlGLuwwARz58ftUkS65KPqmpi8vWET71HfFNcB2RWzBQxJ+ENkDzA9akwrgjviWhMjnjJ5PkOeTREjQrtv5kU5O1SzFiG86tpEQhgsaQbIzkDLEN5/6VFvwM2t8vIQPMeXPFRAkSE3G0ZChQO/nzQPwNtOtsSlggVVB3cehpeQ8C+1lVuq9SfG5Y4Y4h8u5PFdCb/yIfxM8fzsdi3R0BOCduaw+TQAuAqdsKDmrBGYbuAygl9oHB86BhLzxgYV+c5GRRYBUExlkUYG3yNSQjZJQhYnPHGKTCjvEEDnIk3uPSo8F5OtoH5AZsc8ZxSsZukLEHMK7R3yeDSFQbBb+7qAIEHOctx/mkMKnkRoFJUDedowc80hoQajatKXhVN2T5+VAAcVk1uSWXBHnnufWgAq1OL/AHbQDjkjPP8AvihC8Bd9EkzOjJynGf8ANXRKWIJI15iLEMThWHYYpskieCzSGNmOXlBHJGBzURjGw1A+E8ZQbewIGCKCVEiBbhvDLY5GCfKgGJ9W0bUrLqtLu4sLq2s5LMQrczRlUdhISACe5IOQK25ccYYotSTb/l+plxScpyTVUM0tGmUHdgdjj/FYrNiOVe3rT2h0BSSS0aEjz4DBv7E1WvzCn+U88+9mMZDHPerqMpiXUJWXBkLD08qaoVC2edh2bv5VYuhNmgmGPnTIEiXCjFNAEQ3C4OBkj1ppiD7e8kXsSM+VKgqxpbanKkRBYHyyxpDUUhha603hqA33zUWiaRYbDW32LvYjHYio0SSGA1iRlbLHk96iSohn1Fm3Hd8Q44PegKBJNT2DnOPMZ5oACn1BjuJJyfImgYqnujlmJznjFAgB7jGcYPnmgERSzBkxkkmgAEyhXxnvxTGYeWMMCCcjsRQAFdSyzYUkY2knjue+KaQhp07dKqHdIUwcj50MzTRdtG19bcbS6kNwPUc/2qmStDgdG6M1OMvKZC2IUOGJ+Fd3nWSSo2LksF3HsgOwhZWwYwD+YZ5NRRZdmb1xPpqoeJF3BgeeaBIoV1bG6t3RJdjOQSRz51OLE0aJ75CogkUtErBSytwfQinuECXesJbzBCePPH1qQuCa21BbtmIkKsoBU9iKBlZm0+3kmcqFXLEsRwWOe9MEqPobaOO4ba7BDxgc8UAA9SaulhG6z2zr8WFbIIJ/x+lOK3dA+Crab1FEWKzuI1A2jz86v28FZboHgeziRZFbHIctnP3qFEUQR6gIWBKEBfzY57ZxUSQxt9QjaMSt8Ixk+v8Av5UvuINtdSDQyyjPPljgHz/tRFch4K/oc+/VdUlZdxadRkfIYrdmTjGC+xTj5bZZpJWj8RGOQhKkryDWIvuxfeXq22FkJJPYVJMBPPKu9drfPv3NTQjZUIlXexDdzUgLNp9zEbdBnJ+Z5zQMlnOUIQjkUhHqOGGRZCDAhY85IPaquS9DBoiqEReEqgflC5pIkRRaczod2xSR5JSsCMWUcAy5Z38guKAILuBYwmFdUTJXd60NgbrbC7TdvxkdiMigAG7jVUKFt4HpzQAGECOHljJxxkcACmgPtRgZ0kmSQhWAPB7irYsqYvtrZid7guflwKBoZvArRPuXBAyAKAAEj2klcj1oJMJghaUs2MYHc96EDEWtatqWo9babZ3d5cXVrHaStFBNKzRoVZcMFJwCATg1188Yfg8c4rm+Tm4ZS/ETjJ8cUPLMhFZHLA9xu8q4p1Cje2eBdS0qCMkKHZ1OO3MTAVHyNr6TyIbnHw5zWlKzEfeKCPkO9SSIuyNpVXOfL1qREj8UZOcDNAGAwOTmpICaG6CHGfLyoHQYl4rY9aBBKzqV4JH1qJNILs5wG4JzQSHFtdlcd8HvSaAYpqG7Kj0/MfKoqNgQtekSHL7seXrT2jRAbksSxbGOORUQ5Mz30YjA3A5H++KQ0Kp7tckg4zzQkAG12QW+LFOiNAz3rH4Q3NOiSIWnAySeaVAQi5xnHOaYzaRJCCZSIB5eJwT9u9MifWWpNb25jOCuc4+dFJlbQwtNUkEincDjioNEaOmdE9T+LBewySom4x4OfQEY/esuSPwXwddl9g6h8QeHLKE2Hb3B7D6/PvWZxaL7RvqOuRWsTsJbcOV4+MZJ7+tTjFticlRS9N1pJLlDLshibgkngd6ueN+CvcMrrqCwS3YPdJM+MZj5/WksbI7il3t4Lm4L7TsXnGKt2BZiC7eILI/wA5BPliltJJg8+qqqjwhvbGGbH6Uto+WBvqE0bt8GCOc57fKmohTK/rWpJqUUcT+KPDYk/ENpz34xmrYR2g3aELBVYAcqfXyqyrKy3aWyG2hHigHsFz3qpjRYRYGW1LkZK/pj0qmx0BJqCW8rhwGUYAGKO0CGelTCXTtxAXczHIPYZqUFzRF8AnS8Q9zln3fFLO7Y+WcD+1a9T+avsirH1Y28cfGCSM981jLrsU6nIZpgcZ4xTQwJiFcHvuXv6UxGRIVyST8iSTkUxIO0+OW7kKK2G47GphZbjb+6adxl5MAZHmahuGepk1eAoS7rny8hiqjVRvDrlpCux5VJPLeH5fWlyNUEt1DpmwfmbnAVUOTTolwCXWtQG4RLS3LMAcyMgwD5cmiiNi7U7m+1KLwGEUPmxVDz8s5ooTYtb36xUxpMzR5zj0+VSImkN3OeMKee/egQXl5FOcJnz70EkRzacjqkjyMqq4JUrkHn08qLEGCGDxR8ZIxjkYqxMifS7CrbT2/amACYGViBtIJzyKCVkwhKqdrjJGcDyNBHwVPVIx/510WV+SfGiOOeDGT/AP611ZO9D+858P8A9lv7FrRvHCIEyE7Me5+tcZnTRQvbJg9JtMoAEc8eSPmSP80l2N1R41vP5N3coP6JGH7mtcejGChyc8mpAbeNleaBUYDAjk0Ea5Pgcef60g2ksYHOO9MkkERNjvikBOr8d807GEQ3RRjyB9TQAxguTgDxBnucGldANLaQksPDlYtxgAmot/AHz2M4IYQXJBP/ANsn/FRtjtl66A9lD9a6bczzXs2mSxziNImgzuXAJbBIOeag5UFlwn/DjpMgJ/il/vAwBhMA84zxTUmFnDJ+nbwanc2BMcdxbytFIsjbSCpI7fap2RTsnboXUnx/Ps1X/mMh/wBKW5DIX6AvI0LzXcCp/wAyAnP07U9wGkvRlvaxeLd38kUZGQREMt9BnNLcRt+DOj6XBcxFrJXgTJAnlA8V8enko+nNPckWqLl2EjomzZizyO7se7OTk1FTH7bNn6dsbcMq24fB8z/70tw9h9Hp8NsG2W0SNwM+GOKLsWyg6G1lVtjd8ZwgAGaQbTSSORWIyxUHkUBtMhbeMdpPEPOM9qaEopmralG6mMKqc/mGcn60WPaAXV9E0gVJiFXgBfX/ADTQqSC4sIgaX+bgflY5z9qCRpNqBt4+bcCJjyxORzSoVAMV7NLuR1VcHgKKdEkRzXD7Xzlm9GNKgFMkEgQyiMMsnAJOfPnH0qaICy4yJCDxjgA+VTRAnVwjKwYrj0oaAc2XVF5DA6eKXRjk59f9iqXAadA764JnbK7fp5mjZSFZZbPWE0jTLeZomm3qTuUZCfXijDDdOmSnxCyTQr5ZbEM2FLSOwKrgEbj2A7VbqK3tIqxXttjKa5XxPh/KP3rIy0+NtHOw3ZQ96BgN0kcExxk486EBCjifKqDnuamBZ9DtUjhRggZzjIPBNMaoe3qPPbeCqhWZ+G9R55qoR3ldlxC65CqvbKg0GmzFjBAkbybWyzYCqMAUCQyjCFCFch/lTC2fWxIuWQk/Cc5PcUAETo4bcuC3rQBFgbmeUbmxgBfWgD6yVFbwljyzHOTz/egKCxC7MQIwSvkB2oI0DXsMskT+N8EZ4wKQwGM4tY+fgYcDGSTViIkqyHduUkHzJ71IA2AJyXYEmgDNzJbW8ErIMnj6VFugSspeu2zrqemaiigrZyJJKvYsp3KcfZq1LVL8NLC1y3ZQtO/fWXxVFhgjcXDlSrQMPhCnk/I1hTs10UH2yqI+hdWjjbDhVl25/LhgaceyMujyTfaZBLfTPPqEUDyNvK+EzEZ58q0J0ZQZ9JsFPw6mZOP6bYj+5oti5DbLpyxucjx7k/PCj/Wi2NJl46U9kel63taSS7ZSMYDgEn7Cqnkki6ONPsv+l/h20EofFhl57G4mZiPspA/Wq/cmT9qIZF7AumgJGezVSg5w7ED5j4qXuZB+1F+QeX2N6DbRNIunW8gx8PL/ABfvQskg9qK8jjpv2U9MX0QkfTIUkHdAvFHuSKpQp8BOseyS2tFMuiafZSN/VBdRgE/9r4x9iPvTU35IJLyUSfVv4Xftp9/praXMq58GWPZ2/wCXyYfMZqdt8ovjBMZjWNNjs1uFlfLYUIpGf/xSV9A4JckkepW0wyZyAy8HnIPlkUraJKKLv7OHC6lqFkxU5VHYbeQvIbk+fakQnGkdCPu4UALJjGACuD+lWoznmb8Q3TUnT3WcGuWyPHa6rGN58vGQYb9V2n7GprqhxEnT99cX1qoMBMMY3eO4wo+ZY8VBlgwU2jHbbXG9x/xLmRQVH/YvmfmeKXSthVuhPqenQyMyCUyhh8Ujtl3PzP8AjtSTZNRSDrKxtbeNF3AhAAAPOmSGhhs5baaUOyOMBIwOD9aik2FgTW8TRnA5JDAj1+dTpEbZpNbRyxMDtUO3xADGfSpUBJHA0ROG3HGOf7ZoSIXyCk+GZA65OO9Ohti/U0FzhgwwAB8NRZFOge1ihgeXed2Uyo9Tmgd2JYPC9/keU7QvxqvYE00JjW8vEzhcOpUE+nzpjXAEskctowYnCtnaO/oKZJECHaJGB43AlV9aREAaZi0247ueM+dNCsgj1CSGXwwB3wMnipJEAS5YtcTZGWY+VS8CMQqZJNp7dqGBPtNrldx2MOcdiKQA4iMsiIijcWxjOM/c9qTYDpdQWCxeKSRBuGAFINXYYpPcyE3xRPo2sCOKNCBhF7epqvKk5bhQdKhu94JZcK2Qcdu1Zmi1Dyy2yICx5Pliq0uCRFJp6TysO4HmPOmAK+mojHazBh5E1OIBFndXcD7dx4b17jmnYDa1l1K+8WVXYrnZsHFVUI9NpbpaXZjkfGOSx5B+VFmklEoWF/CUlASQR3osEBWskjsdybSD3+dA2MrSQSSZOQ470xEq3fuxkUo75PJA8jSXAG6ygqCpJU+RGDTAItVCSN37evakIY2k0bhgrZxwSeDTCzS8gjuI5FcnaFzwe1OgFlhb7bVCEAUgkDHzOD/apRIkEkkZYoMAg4zjipAfNEIkTcfzAnAPagCZo4Z7YqPgcDz/AKqg+Rp0V++hO2T4PEBz8BHcisbZpihjZyu1ooKkyIQDj0q+D4K2V/rXS01PQdYhkTmSzlXIXuQpI5+1TXZW2eJtfwuobwpAdFbBrSjML1cHJzz6VKlQFm0JtpQ5wPWqyaO6+yyWBRGZkRtp/Ke1VNWyxOkdZhlgaPK7QCcgY7H1pbSVmwkUq+QMN6cf/migsU6w4MDqvOeOBwB61CgsWaPdGzy39DIM/Nc8UVZFsudhcxypv2s0RH5QeV+lQojSZjVOl9H6rsTDqNpBd2qnAWfhkJ/5edyn5ikm0R5RyLqz8PepaWrz9K6ql3ECWWxv2CyqfRJB8J/9WPrWiMr7J7jk1vr97pGoT22oQPa3sTbZIJV2up+YP96nVk1Lg6b7Dupf4h1u0Ukm43MEi4PmRhv8Gq2q5CXKPQF3d2+mWcl1qV1BYW6OFWaSTCnJ4+hPpzUkynb8HN/aHdye0HR57bQdFi1y1sybkX9+CsJdVbAiXuzEevHPOKFbJKKhyzy3fdRXurSr77ctIqcJEPhSMeiqOBViil0Rbs0TVzASMk5+dG0e4Otb/wB4kC4+E8k5ooaZY7OVUwNwyQe9QokmFPcx4VWPPPbzpjfKMIyhSc7QD6d6KETy4eFGBG7vTXKA0jfYGZs7fPFHJUL5Ltd7AtjPPxUWMFupAEwCcH9qQiJ7OIMZAdxVc/EfPzpIEDXMKe5naySbjncy8AZprgBMpkclGfaEGFVR3qQ0T3rSWuwKMrIvJPekFgJmUDZn4iMEj60xEfgeJIIo0eaaRggRFLEk9gAO5z5CmB1OT8HftrttIHUL+zfXP4asfik+GhmC+vgBvF7c/l7VPwQONTlor6XcGRw/Kngg57Gn4A3VFPxHO4+Xz9KiBttc5ySR86EwBrkPsIH9qbQDNYYWRSVyVGSTUU34FVkMsLWs7EMNvfK0wJbe/MTjncM1Ghjm11xkYAv28vPFQoBtBqZY7w2R51HbRJEwvothLMBjuTTQw3TbhJ2jO8BCefpSAuiWMi20NxbyLJ4aeLMifCW7Y++DSS55F4Oze8NM7KzBF7/F51VZrpDazv0liEfwrjHK+dOyNGkkkazsgBL470wJLcqZA+74h5ZzQAaSFyxYLkdhTA3s2j+IMDx/zHk0AEqwQYjHw0ATwxI6MWHz9P0oEQXNo08MgjkVBjtTsBYt0phjtzlWjUKOe9OMkKjWQbW27Q/+KmCI5X2RnDHC+VKxm0920a7lIV9p25HHyqqUq6HFAiKDarFJIVuV3Orse+ef8Vjl2ao9A0Mt1NIZhIsaOoCgemeSfn8qti3RU6ugqa4MttKu9AGBRsgkcjHarE2iFHiDr3TH0jXrixlGXtpGiJHYgHgj6itkXasxvh0VtByPl5VMCy9OOpYZ9cYqDJo6f0hqQtZxgflNKiadnU9O10OuGIGfMNRQB76zGIwDJx+mKiFgM+sRH4SzPuIHbOBUNoJlTTWGKLahjuBY+LtILZkkxnnnCqo8u1W7aRX0zoWg6o3hxq54I8v9+dUtEoj62mSR9xwGP9QPNV0THlpexhNsyqw8mH+acQ2i7qnoDprr+28LVdPhuHC7Y7mJtk0Q/wClxyPocj5VYnRGmcm0f2Aar0B7Q9F1jSL8arpEV0BNHLhJ4o2BU5/pcAHuMH5U3JNNDV2dxu7S4uFkgns45rFkAO87st5grjGO3NRUiVfBPZ2jeEscdusSqPhwMAD6Y4FTXBU0zxL7ZekJOi/aDqtm0Zjilk95g4wDG+Tx9DkfarE7QqKCTiTKnIzzUxDK0n8BuTkd6iwXAwbW1tdzAF5AMgE9+aROw+w1z32DcUCsDjFIFYwTUhuXcMr8qQ0HRagj/l4NITsG1DVJLRTtAbcOBQCRXLyeWRi8gA5yCDQMKgvsQpuwcr596AqyKUmZCDwuO9AqBWkYkjPwipIiQK4yQTypG04oAndx4heWRT8WAPWgAS5+JlMIBbsd3FAHor/w+5OnU/FB08+vCAyCC4GlicjZ79s/ld/6seJt8922muxPo/Snqywm6b6Uh0Wz1/X7u/iml1ttTe5aS5S3hn94kWQxxl5IviWFYUXfIpCBhgsLERPF34sPwYTdea3rntF6S1g3Gv6jpf8A5mu9A/gM1jbzQBVEjxSksEnI+MwSEOx3HimBxP8ABb0XZ9Y6t1cNZ6T0vqDQl0K9332o3BQ2sgiUqEAkBXduHx7CQcYZTmoAXb8TPst0rpr2e+z5enuhNJsLVtTu4tQ1G1u2knib3qBBExaQM4bfggoxTyKgnIBc+oPZj7PLXrfWIoejdGttNs9XuIF0+46aG7wYrhk2+II2JVlTh8kkEHvUwObexP2c+z256yh6p6qhuNCsf/iBJpdnotyW92igjEdwIpE93kZwFk2kNsXYpJIqAFn619kPQepe0n2faXpnTa2lzqHUkVlcWel3dvD49u6iUTEHxG2JgMSyBShOD8QIALJ7S/YN7Npdag0ew6avdRguOuriC8vtE1GGB7SO5uIIQUb3Zg9tD4tuoTC7JJ2Q52M1MBL7IvYn0PqfQGmTdQaLc6bpcHVQ1G61+/1i0GdMgLwPceCIvFNs8qCAx+cj53AUgK71L7Pujum/bl0vpl501fadPrhvL/XtJ1V4byHTYmuZ1hEKIkATIiVwWOAkqgA8blQHTPbJ7Mej7L2WR6hpPR2jzapZ9JG/jSysRMWYXcqs77XVtoUsd43EELwR2KQHiTTbsIVwzAKMkjnP1quiZ0Xpu+mMnje9vHIu0krgrIp9Qf0pVwI7tqFqZY9ygjB4GMZqhmqweyuBnuU+IDJHzpAhheMYkabAkduRtB49KaYiTS9QZ4nzEXBPIOMr8qkuQGqXKpb7toVDyynvjNAEjywvLJKChU4PwtjH2qNkqJkvbfwwrHLAcCnaFTJ1vQQiDjcMZzRuCiOWaBSEaXbuIGB5n0pWgpiOe+j/AIjOig4QfCw86ipc0iW3gll1CAIrMrHj+irdxXtZ9HqVtPgCM7sDHH65oux1QJfSIwy39HYZqmRbEC1i9ijgtZgo3M20nGeBWefyi6C5aLDBbpdqk0YJDDA4GBjvWiNNWUS4bJv4PJMuC5jB74xU6IWeXPxT9ATaBrcPUEDCaxv2EUnrFKF4B+TKOPmDWnFLjaZprmzg6nOTnHzq2iKYy0y8a3cc4WoElwXDTde8PBVvi8yPOgdls0vq2SHG5iFHzpUFj6Hqc3fGB35OfKgGGR6uqRk7tp8vlzQNMrCao73AEYdiYYwATyMvKKmkqKmzp3TN3v0+NmG/w1UH/pI86qaJxLHpd2XynBwSM1VRZ0PFumhiVcZPlmkWIPsLkB9wbGRxkcGjoP1HqTxyRgE/EMNkDPnSBGkPXuhW95JFNNCkpbBjedATjI7Ht61GyyvuGaX1LZaja3PgkyCCYxo8ThsggMMEcHG7H2o30Jws4L+MlNNvOk9E1NImGqW10bbxtpG6J1YlW+jKCPqasxyt0UzjSs8irdOGBJ4rQVBcV6VO4HI9KQgl5mnIXO0Hu3yoGMNPnaFNpcADzFRGmMlvGE0eATGRzSfRKxgl8qJgHDUkx2gcyBpSWJY5JOew+1PgAO6xMvDfk7UxMEac7hn4Vx2FBGyU3zGMqvYDGaB2RtdqFBwNxHIpoTNUzMzPnBHYLR2IFuQrvgtsHGGHrQBtDKUL+M28A4WmI2tNck0XUrHULRYzPaTx3CLKuV3owZcjIyMgcVJAekvYn/4gvtA6K9pS6717q991zo1xBJa3Fm3hRSwI8gl3wEKoBVl4RjtwSBt4IsInoT2s/wDie9D6v7Oeo9P6KtdbTqe7sGis5NWsRHbo8h2PkpIx3qjOy8bSVAJpAeG/ZF7bJfZZbarYrpjahZ6j4ZlSK4jt2faCNkjGGQyxng+G3whhuxu5qHQF+61/Fw/W3Udvq9z0jEkB12HXbvSzqCvaTyRyiXaq+AGjZiADIGLlRtJZTipIDfS/xoXNlY9OW9x0k+pT6Xd3OoXBm6jvEt7+5uHJnklgTA5QhAuSEVRt5ySAD+zH8Wtp7L7L3JOkrnVrY6he35961xt8pmMQQSs0LFniSCNVcFWzuP8AWRSsDfr/APEvH1TqHS+r6Ro1z0zPoiJbolvqwlWWDw0jlRh4KHdIkaqzkk4G3AAFRsDXpv8AFlreh+0e61+4u9cuen21K61ay6WtdUENpHNLcm5CTAxsJI9+CwAViQCCKkkAv6a/EkumaHaaNq/Qmg65aQ6NcaNPcTmeO7u4ZLt7vw3lV+I/FcbkUAsq43DcaAAOqPxHdRdUda6d1ultBpfWscJtr/U7IlYNQhACQrJbHKKUQBMjhgkZKhl3EAuvW340esOptPXTNJb+EaW2inRZvF2SXMqtI7vKJY0j2MS2BtAAC+ZJpMDiWhLH4xSbCoT5ngj0qJKyzQamqJPKZAZWOwEHkqBgdvLikM9XXke8ttYnzwfKsdmtLgUw2Rt/jL+IC2dpFC5CiWS7a5R1I8DDYGDnK0rHQCLkWqScMzjBOe5780bqChlpl54sRmZWRTxkmpbrQmhXPfCC6ykxO5iSM579qpci2KJffZ5dhLHGew86imyVJDC3v5di5OAB5mluYKKCP4lFtHigBfOhS+R7UKdTmQ3PjWoYRqcH/WiwS8A1nrciGVEUkA8E1Ym6IOKJIdSbDBU+Lkls1JNio+utSa5hCqhDqOdlN/ARRjURby2mlxT7shm3BTjzBGapky2HkuPT4RbYBl2hTgdwB86txrgon2yx+AJUOCzDHpitSSozplB9sfs7/wDPfQupaVbgreMgkt2Yjb4qnK5+pGM+WajF7XaBqzwFd2lzp1/cWd5A9tcwOY5YZRhkYHBBHrWq+DOuzIkK9jUSYZY6gYWAJ4pAWSw1hCoB7+pPNA0NtL16MOwSTOPKhErCf4q0t0GMrIMcKDgUEWRW2qiLW1KPuUwxHOexEktTrgr8nWOh9TSeCdNwBIJ55z/viqpEolisr9o7jdnBzyBUaLC0JMCm4n5jNRoaGennMW08SJnihckkG27vHKuzLjzGcUqGia26W0TVr1ptQtFZm5OGYD9BSSY7L1050/pvS9u72kRgsGBYiIMwU/8ANgZP1p7QvwKfbb0LYe0D2a6jpEqObi9VfciqMzJcA5Q7QCeD37cE5oXDsi6adn57e0v2N9Weyq9MPUGlvBBIcRX0Px203/bIOAf+k4Pyq8pRTYcjg/vTEFRTBOW5+tAwiOV0JIKruHFIAq2vSMhiSB5UqAMbUTwVI4o2js+h1AFmA+vJooSdGTeAA7uQT5UUOzV7uIK2MEEUhGvjRlfh2/eigBZJx4pAU4qS6A+N0Y0OMKfXNKgBhelxgqMDkGmhckMl1k8fpQMiwHDE8fL1poREZSPy52+pqaYqMBsPkEinYjdJB4nJ/L+9JgfTsNu9TxjkelR6AhglysnkQOM0WBhpsqATk7aiCN453SMjdnjtQSoIgui6EMcU0R6MmRoxuDZHoalY0rNre6eRirNyeMmlYBttHyy5JA8xS+4hpbBztY/Cp7Z86EgGSSLEimWM4btxQSR7U1GNY4JSowwXvXPNwpjnLQEED0zTXQmS2VrHNas7A5NSEgKSNY5T/Vjj4qq8li6Mi6YKI9qFPy4x5ZqSIglxZxQXpVB8DclTyKjtXZNM+ltViBIZsbxhc8CoSVEkYLMGwGIBOKEuBkkMIdmZ2ZyCQMn60qFZpJMzKy8YxUbJIUwytFvQHjJ796vRBrkimnfaxzyFGDjtUhJDjp5PfQ4kJyRjcOCKiFG3UQHg2R8wx5HHmKrZZDyWrQJGaYqScbiP3IqePopn2XPTjj4BwM/c1qXRkfYdPaRyAhhnihIaPEP4xemrHR/aLYX1rGY5tSsvGuOeGdHKBsepUDP0q3G/pIS7OE+WKmIwDyaACba4dDwaAG2kuRvb+onk0gGfitknPY0wBIrhxqbDP/0gf/5NU/BDydW6Gldbmyw5+IOGGe/FVgi4JcupJ4yOc/ekTLxCTLbWzN3KjOKrJIsMHxXbZ8wP7UeS1BUDFbhgPPHel5ExhCf54qa6Gui2dMajPBMQr8ccHkUlwR7L9p2m2kcskqWsMcshy8iRqrMfMkgc9qmQfRPqOh6frNlNY6hZQX1nOu2WC4jDo49Cp4NHgij89Pxm+x7pv2T9TaPL01by2UGqxSTyWhk3xRMCOIwRlRz2JPyxTjyC6PO9uxdyDyKYrDQfhPy4orgZA0jBjzQIkEzjz7c0Ctk0dw5kPYD0AoGZmlYuefnQMi8d9x5xinQH0lw4YYPnSoCI3D4L8bvWnQEcs7tnLZpUIjdzg8+VNBbPoRvkAPmadAgmQbbhlXgZoGSRHxLaQHyIxj7/AOlJdgB7yNv0zTAjMhDyMOCAKkuiHklEhIYH/lqIkQFz4bt59qBkUZ4J9aVIceibcV/SnRI2Mrbm5x9KVAb72wwyeKdAZhc7wPvUfBEZWhLtyT29aQhtpLEX0Y7gDAB7CgfgY6oPCYup5zt+WMVLwI//2Q==
